

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-17-052150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170222
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BOSTON BEER CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000949870
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				043284048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1226
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14092
		FILM NUMBER:		17628924
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-368-5056
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210












 

Washington
 D.C. 20549 






For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 





 to


 INC. 
















One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 



(Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code) 









Name of each exchange on which
registered






 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746; 

1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate Web site
 if any
 (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 is not contained
herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&#146;s knowledge
 or any amendment to this
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a 































Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule

 of the registrant
totaled $1
396.1&nbsp;million (based on the average price of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June&nbsp;25
 2016). All of the registrant&#146;s Class&nbsp;B Common Stock ($.01 par value) is held by an
As of February&nbsp;17
 2017
 there were 9
306
shares outstanding of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock ($.01 par value)
and 3
197
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Certain parts of the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;18
 2017 are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this report. 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER&nbsp;31
 2016 























































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities















Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations



























































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance















Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters







Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence




















































 






 Inc. (&#147;Boston Beer&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148;) is one of the largest craft brewers in the United States. In fiscal 2016
During 2016
 the Company sold over sixty beers under the
 brand names


 brand name
 four hard seltzer beverages under the Truly
Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling&#153; brand name
 and over forty beers under four of the brand names of its subsidiary
 A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 under the tradename A&amp;S Brewing. 

 hard cider and hard seltzer at Company-owned breweries and under contract
arrangements at other brewery locations. The Samuel Adams Company-owned breweries are located in Boston
 Massachusetts (the &#147;Boston Brewery&#148;)
 Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &#147;Cincinnati Brewery&#148;) and Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania (the
&#147;Pennsylvania Brewery&#148;). The A&amp;S Brewing Company-owned small breweries are located in Los Angeles
 California (the &#147;Angel City Brewery&#148;)
 Miami
 Florida (the &#147;Concrete Beach Brewery&#148;) and Brooklyn
 New York (the
&#147;Coney Island Brewery&#148;). The Company owns an apple orchard and cidery located in Walden
The Company&#146;s
principal executive offices are located at One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210
 and its telephone number is (617) 
Before Prohibition
 the United
States beer industry consisted of hundreds of small breweries that brewed full-flavored beers. After the end of Prohibition
 most domestic brewers shifted production to less flavorful
 lighter beers
 which use lower-cost ingredients
 and can be
mass-produced to take advantage of economies of scale in production. This shift towards mass-produced beers coincided with consolidation in the beer industry. Today
 two major brewers
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (&#147;AB InBev&#148;) and MillerCoors LLC
(&#147;MillerCoors&#148;)
 of all United States domestic beer production
The Company&#146;s beers are
primarily positioned in the Better Beer category of the beer industry
 which includes craft (small
 independent and traditional) brewers
 domestic specialty beers and most imports. Better Beers are determined by higher price
 quality
 image and
taste
 as compared with regular domestic beers. Samuel Adams is one of the largest brands in the Better Beer category of the United States brewing industry. The Company&#146;s A&amp;S Brewing brands


 the Angel City Brewing Company
 and the Coney
 Brewing Company also compete in the Better Beer category.&nbsp;The Company estimates that in 2016 the Better Beer category percentage volume growth was approximately 6% with the craft
beer category volume growth approximately 7% and total beer category volume essentially flat. The Company believes that the Better Beer category is approximately 29% of United States beer consumption by volume. 

 excluding Better Beers
 has experienced a decline in shipment volume over the last ten years. The Company believes that this
decline is due to declining alcohol consumption per person in the population
 drinkers trading up to drink high quality
 more flavorful beers and increased competition from wine and spirits companies. 

Twisted Tea products are included in generic references to the Company&#146;s &#147;beers&#148; in this report). The Company believes that the FMB category comprises approximately 4% of United States beer

 




consumption and that the volume comprising the FMB category grew approximately 5% in 2016. This category is highly competitive due to
 among other factors
 the presence of large brewers and
spirits companies in the category
 the advertising of malt-based spirits brands in channels not available to the parent brands and a fast pace of product innovation. 

regulatory purposes. The Company believes that the hard cider category comprises less than 1% of United States beer consumption. This category is small and highly competitive and includes large international and domestic competitors
 as well as many
small regional and local hard cider companies. The hard cider category experienced very fast growth until a slowing in 2015 and category volume decreased approximately 12% in 2016. 

respectively
 and these categories have similar characteristics to the beer industry for reporting and regulatory purposes. These categories are small
 in their early stages of development
 highly competitive and include large international and
domestic competitors. The Company&#146;s Coney Island Hard Sodas and Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling beverages are included in generic references to the Company&#146;s &#147;beers&#148; in this report. The Company launched Coney Island Hard Root
Beer nationally during the second half of 2015 and Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling in the second half of 2016. The Company believes the hard soda category comprises less than 0.5% of United States beer consumption and that the volume comprising
this category increased in 2016 because of full year availability
 but
 as best as can be determined
 declined in the fourth quarter. The Company believes the hard seltzer category grew in 2016 due to new entrants and expanded distribution
 but
still comprises less than 0.1% of United States beer consumption and may have significant seasonality. 

offering high quality full-flavored alcohol beverages. With the support of a large
 well-trained sales organization and world-class brewers
 the Company strives to achieve this goal by offering great beers
 hard ciders and hard seltzers
 and
increasing brand availability and awareness through advertising
point-of-sale

Beers
The
Company&#146;s strategy is to create and offer a world-class variety of traditional and innovative alcohol beverages
 with a focus on promoting the Samuel Adams brand
 but supported by a portfolio of complementary brands. The Angry Orchard brand
family was launched in the second half of 2011 in several markets and achieved national distribution in 2012. Since 2013
 Angry Orchard has been the largest selling hard cider in the United States. The Twisted Tea brand family has grown each year
since the product was first introduced in 2001 and has established a loyal drinker following. In 2016
 the Company began national distribution of the Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling brand and it secured a leading position in the category during
2016. The Company&#146;s A&amp;S Brewing subsidiary currently has four brands
 including Angel City
 The Traveler Beer Co.
 Coney Island and Concrete Beach. 
 retailers
 which include
bars
 restaurants and other venues
 retailers
 which include grocery stores
 club stores
 convenience stores and liquor stores. 
 is the Company&#146;s flagship beer that was first introduced in 1984. The
Samuel Adams Seasonal beers are brewed specifically for limited periods of time and in 2016 included Samuel Adams Cold Snap
 Samuel Adams Summer Ale
 Samuel Adams OctoberFest
 and Samuel Adams Winter Lager. In the early part of 2017
 the Company
added two new seasonals to the seasonal program to replace Samuel Adams 
 




Cold Snap. These two new beers include: Samuel Adams Hopscape
 for January and February 2017
 and Samuel Adams Fresh as Helles
 for February
 March and April 2017. 

Samuel Adams Escape Route
 Samuel Adams Noble Pils
 Samuel Adams Scotch Ale and Samuel Adams Session Ale were brewed and included in the Spring variety pack
 Samuel Adams Belgian Session
Samuel Adams Got to Gose
 Samuel Adams Heaven or Helles and Samuel Adams Whitewater IPA were brewed and included in the Summer variety pack
 Samuel Adams Bonfire Blonde
 Samuel Adams Hoppy Red
 Samuel Adams Maple Ale and Samuel Adams Toasted Caramel
Bock were brewed and included in the Fall variety pack
 Samuel Adams Chocolate Bock
 Samuel Adams Ginger Beer
 Ale were brewed
and included in the Winter Classics variety pack. Additionally
 beginning in 2011 the Company began limited releases of seasonal beers in various packages. In 2016
 these limited seasonal release beers included Samuel Adams Crystal Pale Ale
 Samuel
Adams Porch Rocker
 Samuel Adams Twenty Pounds of Pumpkin and Samuel Adams White Christmas. 

 the Company began a national rollout of Samuel Adams Rebel
IPA
 a West Coast style IPA brewed with hops from the Pacific Northwest
 in early 2014. Since the national rollout
 the Company has added additional styles to support Samuel Adams Rebel IPA
 including Samuel Adams Rebel Grapefruit IPA
 Samuel Adams
Rebel Juiced IPA
 IPA. In early 2016
 the Company introduced Samuel Adams Rebel
IPA Pack of Rebels which includes Samuel Adams Rebel Cascade IPA which is exclusive to this variety pack. In early 2017
 the Company introduced a reformulation and new packaging of its original Samuel Adams Rebel IPA. The &#145;Rebel Reborn&#146;
The
Samuel Adams Brewmaster&#146;s Collection is an important part of the Company&#146;s portfolio and heritage
 but receives limited promotional support. The Samuel Adams Nitro Project was launched in 2016 and included three styles for most of 2016
that were available nationally. The Barrel Room Collection and Limited Edition Beers and certain specialty variety packs are produced in limited quantities and are sold at higher prices than the Company&#146;s other products. The Company also
Since 2012
 the Twisted Tea and Angry
Orchard brand families have been available nationally. In 2015
 the Company began national distribution of certain styles of The Traveler Beer Co. brand and the Coney Island brand
 including Coney Island Hard Root Beer. In 2016
 the Company began
national distribution of certain styles of the Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling brand. All of these nationally available brands are available in various packages
 including cans.&nbsp;The Company will continue to look for complementary
opportunities to leverage its capabilities
The Company continually
evaluates the performance of its various beers and hard cider styles and the rationalization of its product line as a whole. Periodically
 the Company discontinues certain styles and packages. Certain styles or brands discontinued in previous years
The Company&#146;s beers
 hard ciders and hard seltzers are sold by the
Company&#146;s sales force to the same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar production processes
 have
comparable alcohol content and generally fall within the same regulatory environment. 

 the Company continually test brews different beers
 hard ciders and
other alcohol beverages and occasionally sells them under 
 






 in the following year. In 2016
 the Company sold over sixty Samuel Adams beers commercially and brewed many more test brews. The Company&#146;s Boston Brewery spends most of its time ideating
 testing
and developing alcohol beverages for the Company&#146;s potential future commercial development and evaluating ingredients and process improvements for existing beverages. 

 research effort to develop a can to improve the beer drinker&#146;s
experience compared to the traditional can. The features of this can were designed to enhance the drinking experience and include a wider lid with an opening slightly further from the edge of the lid
 an extended lip and an hourglass ridge.
Currently
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
 Samuel Adams Seasonal beers
 Samuel Adams Rebel beers and some of the A&amp;S Brewing beers are available in this uniquely-designed can. 

 the Company formed a subsidiary
 A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a A&amp;S Brewing
 as a craft brew incubator headed by Alan Newman
founder of Magic Hat Brewing Company. A&amp;S Brewing is headquartered in Burlington
 Vermont. The mission of A&amp;S Brewing is to find new opportunities in craft brewing
 which may be geographical or stylistic and some may be with existing
breweries or brewpubs. A&amp;S Brewing has access to the brewing talents and broad resources of the Company
 as it looks for opportunities around the country. A&amp;S Brewing brands include The Traveler Beer Company
 the Angel City Brewery
 the
Concrete Beach Brewery and the Coney Island Brewery. The A&amp;S Brewing company-owned small breweries are located in Los Angeles
 California (the &#147;Angel City Brewery&#148;)
 Miami
 Florida (the &#147;Concrete Beach Brewery&#148;) and Brooklyn
New York (the &#147;Coney Island Brewery&#148;). In late 2016
 Alan Newman left the Company
 as planned under his five year employment agreement
 and the Company will continue the A&amp;S Brewing business and mission under the new leadership of Rob
Kreszswick
 who
 prior to his promotion
 had been leading A&amp;S Brewing sales since 2014. In 2016
 A&amp;S Brewing annual net sales were approximately 4% of the Company&#146;s total net sales. 
Sales
Most all of the
Company&#146;s sales are made to a network of approximately 350 wholesalers in the United States and to a network of foreign wholesalers
 importers or other agencies (collectively referred to as &#147;Distributors&#148;). These Distributors
 in
turn
 sell the products to retailers
 such as pubs
 restaurants
 grocery stores
 convenience stores
 package stores
 stadiums and other retail outlets
 where the products are sold to drinkers


 but also has markets in Canada
 Europe
 Israel
 Australia
 New Zealand
 the Caribbean
 the Pacific Rim
 Mexico
 and Central and
With few exceptions
 the Company&#146;s products are not the primary brands in its Distributors&#146; portfolios. Thus
 the Company
 in
addition to competing with other beers
 hard ciders and hard seltzers for a share of the drinker&#146;s business
 competes with other brewers for a share of the Distributor&#146;s attention
 time and selling efforts. During 2016
 the Company&#146;s
largest customer accounted for approximately 7% of the Company&#146;s net sales. The top three Distributors collectively accounted for approximately 12% of the Company&#146;s net sales. In some states and countries
 the terms of the Company&#146;s
contracts with its Distributors may be affected by laws that restrict the enforcement of some contract terms
 especially those related to the Company&#146;s right to terminate the relationship. 

of its orders from domestic Distributors in the first week of a month for products to be shipped the following month and the Distributor would then carry three to five weeks of packaged inventory (usually at ambient temperatures) and three to four
In an effort to reduce both
 the time and temperature the Company&#146;s beers experience at Distributor warehouses before
reaching the retail market
 in late 2010 the Company introduced its Freshest Beer Program with domestic 
 




 service
 forecasting
 production planning and
cooperation with the Distributors
 while substantially reducing inventory levels at the Distributor. At the close of its 2016 fiscal year
 the Company had 159 Distributors participating in the program
 which constitutes approximately 77% of its
volume. The Company has successfully reduced the inventories of participating Distributors in the aggregate by approximately two weeks
 resulting in fresher beer being delivered to retail. The Freshest Beer Program has resulted in lower shipments of
approximately 270
000
 87
000
 and 103
000 case equivalents in 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 as measured at the end of the year by evaluating the 
inventory reduction from the inventory levels that might otherwise have been expected. In 2015 and 2016
 the Company has been piloting a small group of distributors on a pure replenishment service model within our Freshest Beer Program
 which if
successful would further reduce Distributor inventories. The ordering process has changed significantly for Distributors that participate in the Freshest Beer Program and has resulted in a shorter period between order placement and shipment. There
Boston Beer has a sales force of
approximately 415 people
 which the Company believes is one of the largest in the domestic beer industry. The Company&#146;s sales organization is designed to develop and strengthen relations at the Distributor
 retailer and drinker levels by
providing educational and promotional programs. The Company&#146;s sales force has a high level of product knowledge and is trained in the details of the brewing and selling processes. Sales representatives typically carry samples of the
Company&#146;s beers
 hard ciders and hard seltzers
 certain ingredients
 such as hops and barley
 and other promotional materials to educate wholesale and retail buyers about the quality and taste of the Company&#146;s products. The Company has
developed strong relationships with its Distributors and retailers
 many of which have benefited from the Company&#146;s premium pricing strategy and growth. 

 radio
 digital and social media
 billboards and print. These media efforts are
complemented by participation in sponsorships of cultural and community events
 local beer festivals
 industry-related trade shows and promotional events at local establishments
 to the extent permitted under local laws and regulations. The Company
 items (banners
 neons
 umbrellas
 glassware
 display pieces
 signs and menu stands) designed to stimulate impulse sales and continued
In 2008
 the Company launched its core philanthropic initiative


 micro-lender
 the program supports small business owners in the food
 beverage
 and
brewing industries through access to business capital
 coaching
 and new market opportunities. The goal is to help strengthen small businesses
 create local jobs and build vibrant communities. Since the inception of the Samuel Adams Brewing the
American Dream program
 Samuel Adams and ACCION have worked together to loan more than $14.5&nbsp;million to nearly 1
200 small business owners who have subsequently repaid these loans at a rate of more than 97%. Samuel Adams employees
 together
with local business partners and community organizations
 have provided coaching and mentoring to more than 7
000 business owners across the country. These efforts have helped to create or maintain more than 4
700 local jobs. 
The Company has been
successful to date in obtaining sufficient quantities of the ingredients used in the production of its beverages. These ingredients include: 
 varieties of barley used in the Company&#146;s malt are mainly
grown in the United States and Canada. The 2015 North American barley crop
 which supported most 2016 malt needs
 was below historical long term averages with regards to both quality and quantity
 driven by acreage declines and adverse weather
events in key barley growing areas. The 2016 North American barley crop
 which will support 2017 malt needs
 was generally consistent with historical long term averages with regards to both quality and quantity
 though quality from key areas in
Canada was highly variable and in some cases below long term averages. The average 
 




booked 2015 and 2016 barley crop prices were comparable to historical long term averages. There has been a long-term trend of declining acres and production in North America against relatively
stable malt demand. The Company purchased most of the malt used in the production of its beer from two suppliers during 2016. The Company currently has a multi-year contract with one of its suppliers and a one year agreement with the other supplier.
. The Company uses
Noble hop varieties for many of its Samuel Adams beers and also uses hops grown in the United States
 England
 and New Zealand. Noble hops are grown in several specific areas recognized for growing hops with superior taste and aroma properties.
These include Hallertau-Hallertauer
 Tettnang-Tettnanger
 Hersbrucker and Spalt-Spalter from Germany and Saaz from the Czech Republic. The United States hops
 grown primarily in the Pacific Northwest
 namely Cascade


 Centennial
 Chinook
 Citra
 Amarillo


 as are the Southern Hemisphere hop varieties
 Galaxy and Nelson Sauvin. Traditional English hops
 namely
 East Kent Goldings and Fuggles
 are also
used in certain Company ales. Other hop sources and varieties including new experimental varieties such as HBC 566 and HBC 682 are also tested from time to time and used in certain beers. 

and precipitation. The United States hop crop harvested in 2016 was consistent with historical long term averages with regards to quality
 with an increase in overall quantity driven by expansion of planted acres in recent years. However
 the demand
for certain hops grown in the United States has risen dramatically due to the success and proliferation of craft brewers and the popularity of beer styles that include hop varieties grown in the United States
 with the result that prices continue to
rise for both spot purchases and forward contract pricing and occasionally certain United States hops are in tight supply until the next crop or beyond. 

 based on the Company&#146;s projected future volumes and brewing needs. The
dealers either have the hops that are committed or will contract with farmers to meet the Company&#146;s needs. The contracts with the hop dealers are denominated in Euros for the German and Czech Republic hops
 in Pounds Sterling for the English
hops
 US Dollars for United States hops and New Zealand Dollars for the New Zealand hops. The Company does not currently hedge its forward currency commitments. 

 United States and New Zealand hop contracts on the hop crop harvested in 2016. The Company attempts
to maintain a one to 

 all of which
could ultimately be significantly different from what is currently planned. Variations to plan could result in hops shortages for specific beers or an excess of certain hops varieties. 

The Company uses multiple yeast strains for production of its beers
 hard ciders and hard seltzers.&nbsp;While some strains are
commercially available
 other strains are proprietary. Since the proprietary strains cannot be replaced if destroyed
 the Company protects these strains by storing multiple cultures of the same strain at different production locations and in several
The Company uses special varieties and origins of apples in its hard ciders that it believes are
important for their flavor profile. In 2016
 these apples were sourced primarily from European
 United States and New 
 




Zealand suppliers and include bittersweet apples from France and New Zealand and culinary apples from Italy and Washington State. Purchases and commitments are denominated in Euros for European
apples
 US Dollars for United States apples and New Zealand Dollars for the New Zealand apples. There is limited availability of some of these apple varieties
 and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 growers rotating from apples to
other crops
 competitor demand
 government regulation and legislation affecting agriculture
 could affect both price and supply. The 2016 apple crops in Europe
 the United States and New Zealand were consistent with historical long term averages.
The Company
purchased and opened its cidery at the Orchard in 2015. The Company expects to use the apple varieties harvested at the Orchard to experiment and develop new hard ciders and for resale to customers. The Company may also use the apples harvested at
the Orchard in small quantities in the Company&#146;s current hard ciders
 but
 given the current volume and varieties of apples grown at the Orchard
 such use is likely to be insignificant. 

. The Company maintains competitive sources for the supply of certain packaging materials
 such as shipping cases and glass.
The Company enters into limited-term supply agreements with certain vendors in order to receive preferential pricing. In 2016
 cans
 crowns
 six pack carriers and labels were each supplied by a single source; however
 the Company believes that
The Company initiates bottle deposits in some states and reuses glass bottles that are returned pursuant to certain
state bottle recycling laws. The Company derives some economic benefit from its reuse of returned glass bottles. The cost associated with reusing the glass varies based on the costs of collection
 sorting and handling
 including arrangements with
retailers
 Distributors and dealers in recycled products. There is no guarantee that the current economics relating to the use of returned glass will continue or that the Company will continue to reuse returnable bottles. 
As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
the Company employed over fifteen brew masters to monitor the Company&#146;s brewing operations and control the production of its beers
 hard ciders and hard seltzers. Extensive tests
 tastings and evaluations are typically required to ensure that
each batch of the Company&#146;s beers
 quality control labs at each of its Samuel Adams Company-owned breweries
With the exception of certain specialty products
 the Company includes
a clearly legible &#147;freshness&#148; code on every bottle
 can and keg of its beers
 in order to ensure that its customers enjoy only the freshest products. Boston Beer was the first American brewer to use this practice. 
Beer
 Hard Cider and Hard Seltzer Production Strategy 

 the Company brewed
 fermented and packaged over 95% of its volume at breweries owned by the Company. The Company made capital investments in 2016
of approximately $49.9&nbsp;million. These investments were made mostly in the Company&#146;s breweries to drive efficiencies and cost reductions
 support product innovation and future growth. The Company expects to invest between $40&nbsp;million
and $60&nbsp;million in 2017
 which is highly dependent on future volume and mix estimates and the capital investments to meet those volume estimates. The actual amount spent may well be different from these estimates. 
 




needs and competitive products
The Pennsylvania Brewery and the Cincinnati Brewery produce most of the
Company&#146;s shipment volume. The Pennsylvania Brewery is the Company&#146;s largest brewery and the Cincinnati Brewery is the primary brewery for the production of most of the Company&#146;s specialty and lower volume products. The Boston
Brewery&#146;s production is mainly for developing new types of innovative and traditional beers and brewing and packaging beers for retail sales on site and in the local market area. 

 New York
 opened in November 2015 and its production is mainly for
The A&amp;S
Brewing breweries include the Angel City Brewery
 Concrete Beach Brewery and Coney Island Brewery. The production at the A&amp;S Brewing breweries is mainly for developing innovative and traditional beers and supporting draft accounts in the
The
Company currently has a brewing services agreement with subsidiaries of City Brewing Company
 LLC
 to produce its products at facilities in Latrobe
 Pennsylvania and Memphis
 Tennessee. The Company carefully selects breweries and packaging
facilities owned by others with (i)&nbsp;the capability of utilizing traditional brewing
 fermenting and finishing methods and (ii)&nbsp;first-rate quality control capabilities throughout the process. Under its brewing and packaging arrangements
with third parties
 the Company is charged a service fee based on units produced at each of the facilities and bears the costs of raw materials
 risk
 excise taxes and deposits for pallets and kegs and specialized equipment required to produce and
The Company believes that it has alternatives available to it
 in the event that production at any of its locations
is interrupted
 although severe interruptions at the Pennsylvania Brewery would be problematic
 especially in seasonal peak periods. In addition
 the Company may not be able to maintain its current economics if interruptions were to occur
 and could
face significant delays in starting up replacement production locations. Potential interruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental actions
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
 machinery failures
 operational shut downs
 or natural or
unavoidable catastrophes. Also
 as the brewing industry has consolidated and the Company has grown
 the capacity and willingness of breweries owned by others where the Company could produce some of its beers
 hard ciders and hard seltzers
 if
necessary
 has become a more significant concern. The Company would work with its contract brewers to attempt to minimize any potential disruptions. 
The Better Beer category within the
United States beer market is highly competitive due to the increasing number of craft brewers
 imported beers with similar pricing and target drinkers
 and efforts by large domestic brewers to enter this category. The Company anticipates competition
and innovation among domestic craft brewers to remain strong
 as craft brewers experienced their twelfth successive year of growth in 2016 and there were many new startups. The Company estimates there are over 6
500 craft breweries in operation or
in the planning stages
 up from approximately 1
409 operating craft breweries in 2006. Also
 established craft breweries are building more capacity
 expanding geographically
 and adding more SKUs and styles
 as Distributors and retailers are
Imported beers
 such as
Corona
 Heineken
 continue to compete aggressively in
the United States and have gained market share over the last ten years. Heineken and Constellation Brands (owner of the United States Distribution rights to Corona and Modelo Especial) may have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing
strength and distribution networks than the Company has. The two largest brewers in the 
 




United States
 MillerCoors and AB InBev
 participate actively in the Better Beer category both through importing and distributing foreign brands that compete in the Better Beer category
 and also
with their own domestic specialty beers
 either by developing new brands or by acquiring
 in whole or part
 existing craft breweries. In addition
 Miller Coors&#146; Tenth and Blake and AB InBev&#146;s High End Division were formed as business units
During the last few years
 there were numerous
acquisitions in the beer industry with the largest being AB InBev&#146;s $107&nbsp;billion purchase of SAB Miller and the related sale by SAB Miller to MolsonCoors of its 58% share of the MillerCoors joint venture with MolsonCoors. There were also
numerous announcements of acquisitions of or investments in craft brewers by larger breweries
 private equity and other investors. The most significant include Heineken&#146;s acquisition of a 50% interest in Lagunitas Brewing Company for
approximately $500&nbsp;million
 Constellation Brands&#146; acquisition of Ballast Point Brewing&nbsp;&amp; Spirits for approximately $1&nbsp;billion
 AB InBev&#146;s purchase of multiple craft breweries
 including Elysian Brewing Company
 Golden
Road Brewing
 Four Peaks Brewing Company
 Breckenridge Brewing
 Devils Backbone and Karbach and MillerCoors&#146; purchase of multiple craft breweries
 including Hop Valley Brewing
 Saint Archer Brewery and Revolver Brewing. Pabst Brewing Company
acquired an ownership interest in and entered into an exclusive agreement to distribute nationally Small Town Brewery&#146;s brands
 including Not Your Fathers Hard Root Beer
 and entered
into an agreement to distribute various United States cider brands of C&amp;C Group PLC
 including &#145;Woodchuck&#146;
 &#145;Magners&#146; and &#145;Hornsby&#146;s.&#146; AB InBev also acquired Spiked Seltzer
 a previously independent hard
The Company&#146;s products also compete with other alcoholic beverages for drinker attention and consumption and the pace of innovation
in the categories in which the Company competes is increasing. In recent years
 wine and spirits have been competing more directly with beers. The Company monitors such activity and attempts to develop strategies which benefit from the
drinker&#146;s interest in trading up
The Company competes with
other beer and alcoholic beverage companies within a three-tier distribution system. The Company competes for a share of the Distributor&#146;s attention
 time and selling efforts. In retail establishments
 the Company competes for shelf
 cold box
and tap space. From a drinker perspective
 competition exists for brand acceptance and loyalty. The principal factors of competition in the Better Beer segment of the beer industry include product quality and taste
 brand advertising and imagery
trade and drinker promotions
 pricing
The Company distributes its products through independent
Distributors who also distribute competitors&#146; products. Certain brewers have contracts with their Distributors that impose requirements on the Distributors that are intended to maximize the Distributors&#146; attention
 time and selling efforts
on that brewer&#146;s products. These contracts generally result in increased competition among brewers as the contracts may affect the manner in which a Distributor allocates selling effort and investment to the brands included in its portfolio.
The Company closely monitors these and other trends in its Distributor network and works to develop programs and tactics intended to best position its products in the market. 

 including a long history of awards for product quality
 greater available
resources and the ability to distribute and promote its products on a more cost-effective basis. Additionally
 the Company believes it has competitive advantages over imported beers
 including lower transportation costs
 higher product quality
 a
The Company&#146;s Twisted Tea product line competes primarily within the FMB category of the beer
industry. FMBs
 such as Twisted Tea
 Smirnoff Ice
 Mike&#146;s Hard Lemonade


 are flavored malt beverages that are typically priced competitively with Better Beers. This category is highly
competitive due to
 among other factors
 the presence of large brewers and spirits companies in the 
 




category
 the advertising of malt-based spirits brands in channels not available to the parent brands and a fast pace of product innovation. 

international and domestic competitors
 as well as many small regional and local hard cider companies. Hard ciders are typically priced competitively with Better Beers and may compete for drinkers with beer
 wine
 spirits
 or FMBs. Some of these
competitors include C&amp;C Group PLC under the brand names &#145;Woodchuck&#146;
 &#145;Magners&#146; and &#145;Hornsby&#146;s&#146;; Heineken under the brand names &#145;Strongbow&#146;; AB InBev under &#145;Michelob Ultra Cider&#146; and
The Company&#146;s Coney Island
Hard Sodas and Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling beverages compete within the hard soda and hard seltzer categories
 respectively. These categories are small
 in their early stages of development
 highly competitive and include large international
and domestic competitors. Hard sodas and hard seltzers are typically priced competitively with Better Beers and may compete for drinkers with beer
 wine
 spirits
 or FMBs. Some of these competitors include Pabst under &#145;Not Your Fathers&#146;;
ABInbev under &#145;Best Damn&#146; and &#145;Spiked Seltzer&#146;; Miller Coors under &#145;Henry Weinhard&#146;; Mikes Hard Lemonade under &#145;White Claw&#146; and Diageo under &#147;Smirnoff&#148;. 
The alcoholic beverage industry
is regulated by federal
 state and local governments. These regulations govern the production
 sale and distribution of alcoholic beverages
 including permitting
 licensing
 marketing and advertising. To operate its production facilities
 the
Company must obtain and maintain numerous permits
 licenses and approvals from various governmental agencies
 including but not limited to
 the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
 the Food and Drug Administration
 state alcohol regulatory
Governmental entities may levy various taxes
 license fees and other similar charges and may
require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The federal excise tax on malt beverages is $18 per barrel
 on hard cider (with alcohol by volume of 7% or less) is $0.226 per gallon


 and on artificially carbonated wine (hard cider with high CO2 levels) is $3.30 per gallon. States levy excise taxes at varying rates based on the type of
beverage and alcohol content. Failure by the Company to comply with applicable federal
 state or local laws and regulations could result in higher taxes
 penalties
 fees and suspension or revocation of permits
 licenses or approvals. While there can
be no assurance that any such regulatory action would not have a material adverse effect upon the Company or its operating results
 the Company is not aware of any infraction affecting any of its licenses or permits that would materially impact its
ability to continue its current operations. 



 Sam Adams
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager


 Samuel Adams Rebel
 Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream


 Twisted Tea
 The Traveler Beer Co.


 Angel City Brewery
. It also has a number of common law
marks
 including Infinium&#153; and Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling&#153;. The Samuel Adams trademark
 the Samuel Adams Boston Lager trademark
 the Angry Orchard trademark
 the Twisted Tea trademark and other Company trademarks are also registered
or have registrations pending in various foreign countries. The Company regards its Samuel Adams family of trademarks and other trademarks as having substantial value and as being an important factor in the marketing of its products. The Company is
not aware of any trademark infringements that could materially affect its current business or any prior claim to the trademarks that would prevent the Company from using such trademarks in its business. The Company&#146;s policy is to pursue
registration of its marks whenever appropriate and to oppose infringements of its marks through available enforcement actions. 
 



Environmental
 Health and Safety Regulations and Operating Considerations 

 state and local environmental and occupational health and safety
laws
 regulations and ordinances that govern activities or operations that may have adverse effects on human health or the environment. Environmental laws
 regulations or ordinances may impose liability for the cost of remediation of
 and for
certain damages resulting from
 sites of past releases of hazardous materials. The Company believes that it currently conducts
 and in the past has conducted
 its activities and operations in substantial compliance with applicable environmental
laws
 and believes that any costs arising from existing environmental laws will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition or results of operations. 

 the Company has reused its glass bottles returned from certain states that have bottle deposit bills.
The Company believes that it benefits economically from washing and reusing these bottles
 which result in a lower cost than purchasing new glass
 and that it benefits the environment by the reduction in landfill usage
 the reduction of usage of raw
materials and the lower utility costs for reusing bottles versus producing new bottles. The economics of using recycled glass varies based on the cost of collection
 sorting and handling
 and may be affected by local regulation
 and retailer
Distributor and glass dealer behavior. There is no guarantee that the current economics of using returned glass will continue
 or that the Company will continue its current used glass practices. 

believes that it currently is in compliance with applicable requirements and will continue to endeavor to remain in compliance. There can be no assurances
 however
 that new and more restrictive requirements might not be adopted
 compliance with
which might have a material
 adverse financial effect on the Company and its operating results
 or that such policies and procedures will be consistently followed and be sufficient to prevent serious accidents. 
As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company
employed 1
505 people
 of which 99 were covered by collective bargaining agreements at the Cincinnati Brewery. The collective bargaining agreements involve three labor unions
 with two contracts expiring in 2017 and one expiring in 2020. 91
employees were covered under collective bargaining agreements set to expire within one year of December&nbsp;31
 2016. The Company believes it maintains a good working relationship with all three labor unions and has no reason to believe that the
good working relationship will not continue. The Company has experienced no work stoppages
 or threatened work stoppages
 and believes that its employee relations are good. 
The Company submitted the Section 12(a) CEO
 contains at Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 the
certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 respectively
 in accordance with the requirements of Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company makes available free of charge copies of its Annual


 on the Company&#146;s website at 
 or upon written
request to Investor Relations
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210. 






 




risks and uncertainties that management believes are most likely to be material and therefore are most important for an investor to consider. The Company&#146;s business operations and results
may also be adversely affected by additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to it
 or which it currently deems immaterial
 or which are similar to those faced by other companies in its industry or business in general. If any of the
following risks or uncertainties actually occurs
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows would likely suffer. In that event
 the market price of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock could
decline. 

 due to the increasing number of craft brewers with similar pricing and
target drinkers and gains in market share achieved by domestic specialty beers and imported beers
 and more recently the acquisition of craft brewers by the four largest market competitors
 AB InBev
 MillerCoors
 Constellation and Heineken. The
Company faces strong competition from these brewers as they acquire craft brewers
 or introduce new domestic specialty brands to many markets and expand their efforts behind existing brands. Imported beers


 Heineken
 also continue to compete aggressively in the
United States beer market. The Company anticipates competition among domestic craft brewers will remain strong
 as craft brewers experienced their twelfth successive year of growth in 2016 and there were many new startups. The Company estimates
there are now over 6
500 craft breweries in operation or in the planning stages up from 1
409 operating craft breweries in 2006. Also
 existing craft breweries are building more capacity
 local tap rooms
 expanding geographically
 adding more SKUs
and styles as Distributors and retailers are promoting and making more shelf space available for more craft beer brands. The continued growth in the sales of craft-brewed domestic beers and in imported beers is expected to increase the competition
in the Better Beer category within the United States beer market and
 as a result
 prices and market share of the Company&#146;s products may fluctuate and possibly decline. 

acceptance and loyalty
 but also for shelf
 cold box and tap space in retail establishments and for marketing focus by the Company&#146;s Distributors and their customers
 all of which also distribute and sell other beers and alcoholic beverage
products. Many of the Company&#146;s competitors
 including AB InBev
 MillerCoors
 Heineken and Constellation Brands
 have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. Moreover
 the
introduction of new products by competitors that compete directly with the Company&#146;s products or that diminish the importance of the Company&#146;s products to retailers or Distributors may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s
Further
 the beer industry has seen continued consolidation among brewers in order to take advantage of cost savings
opportunities for supplies
 distribution and operations. Illustrative of this consolidation is AB InBev&#146;s $107&nbsp;billion purchase of SAB Miller and the related sale by SAB Miller to MolsonCoors of its 58% share of the MillerCoors joint
venture with MolsonCoors
 as well as Heineken&#146;s acquisition of a 50% interest in Lagunitas Brewing Company for approximately $500&nbsp;million and Constellation Brand&#146;s acquisition of Ballast Point Brewing&nbsp;&amp; Spirits for
approximately $1&nbsp;billion. Also
 in the last few years
 both AB Inbev and MillerCoors have purchased multiple regional craft breweries with the intention to expand the capacity and distribution of these breweries. Due to the increased leverage
that these combined operations will have in distribution and sales and marketing expenses
 the costs to the Company of competing could increase. . The potential also exists for these large competitors to increase their influence with their
Distributors
 making it difficult for smaller brewers to maintain their market presence or enter new markets. The continuing consolidation could also reduce the contract brewing capacity that is available to the Company. These potential increases in
the number and availability of competing brands
 the costs to compete
 reductions in contract brewing capacity and decreases in distribution support and opportunities may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial
results. 
 



There Is No Assurance that the Company Can Reverse its recent Sales declines and Return to Periods of
Growth or
 Conversely
In recent periods
 the Company has experienced a decline in the
demand for its products. The Company&#146;s ability to reverse these trends and return to periods of growth may be limited
 by its ability to increase its market share in domestic and international markets
 including those markets that may be
dominated by one or more regional or local craft brewers
 and by the increasing number of competitors
 the emergence of local tap rooms as a significant on premise channel
 and drinker interest in new or local products
 rather than established
brands. The development of new products by the Company may lead to reduced sales of the Company&#146;s other products
 including its flagship Samuel Adams Boston Lager. Reduced sales
 among other factors
 could lead to lower brewery utilization
lower funds available to invest in brand support and reduced profitability
 and these challenges may require a different mix and level of marketing investments to stabilize and grow volumes. While the Company believes that a combination of
innovation
 brand messaging and investment and sales execution can lead to increased demand
 there is no guarantee that the Company&#146;s actions will be successful in maintaining the Company&#146;s historical levels of profitability. 
Turnover in Company Leadership or Other Key Positions May Lead to Loss of Key Knowledge or Capability and Adversely Impact Company Performance.
In 2016 the Company made changes in several senior management positions
 including hiring a new Chief Financial Officer
 Chief Marketing Officer
and senior supply chain officer to succeed retiring executives. In early 2017
 the President and Chief Executive Officer
 Martin Roper
 announced his plans to retire in 2018 after leading the Company for more than 17 years. The Board of Directors
has created a search committee and retained Korn Ferry to assist in identifying and evaluating the best candidates to succeed Roper as CEO. The Company may well experience further changes in key leadership or key positions in the future. The
departure of key leadership personnel
 especially a long-serving chief executive officer
 can take from the Company significant knowledge and experience. This loss of knowledge and experience can be mitigated through successful hiring and
transition
 but there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in such efforts. Attracting
 retaining
 integrating and developing high performance individuals in key roles is a core component of the Company&#146;s strategy for
addressing its business opportunities. Attracting and retaining qualified senior leadership may be more challenging under adverse business conditions
 such as the declining growth environment now facing the Company. Failure to attract and retain the
right talent
 or to smoothly manage the transition of responsibilities resulting from such turnover
 would affect the Company&#146;s ability to meet its challenges and may cause the Company to miss performance objectives or financial targets. 


 disruption
or operating performance issues at the Company&#146;s owned breweries
 limits on the availability of suitable production capacity at third party-owned breweries
 and the Company&#146;s ability to enter into brewing contracts with third party-owned
breweries on commercially acceptable terms
 and its ability to obtain sufficient quantities of certain ingredients and packaging materials
 such as hops
 malt
 cider ingredients
 bottles and cans
 from suppliers. 
The Company has Significantly Increased its Product Offerings and Distribution Footprint
 which Increases Complexity and Could Adversely Affect the
The Company has significantly increased the number of its commercially available beers
 FMBs
 hard ciders and hard
seltzers that it produces.&nbsp;Since 2010
 the Company has introduced many new beers
 ciders and hard seltzers under the Samuel Adams
 Angry Orchard
 Twisted Tea and Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling brand names.&nbsp;A&amp;S Brewing currently has
four brands
 2015
 the Company began national distribution of certain styles of the Traveler Beer

 




brand and the Coney Island beer brand
 including Coney Island Hard Root Beer. Also in November 2015
 the Company opened the Angry Orchard Innovation Cider House at its apple orchard located in
Walden
 New York
 where hard cider is fermented
 In 2016
 the Company began national distribution of certain styles of the Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling brand. These
additional brands and locations
 along with the increases in demand for certain existing brands
 have added to the complexity of the Company&#146;s product development process
 as well as its brewing
 fermenting
 packaging
 marketing and selling
processes. The Company does not have significant experience with managing this number of brands and products and has limited experience with integrating acquired brands or operating small production facilities and retail operations.&nbsp;There can
be no assurance that&nbsp;the Company&nbsp;will effectively manage such increased complexity
 without&nbsp;experiencing operating inefficiencies or control deficiencies.&nbsp;Such inefficiencies or deficiencies could have a material adverse effect
Unexpected Events at Company-Owned Production Facilities
 Reduced Availability of Breweries
Owned by Others
 Increased Complexity of the Company&#146;s Business
 or the Expansion Costs of the Company-Owned Breweries Could Have A Material Adverse Effect on the Company&#146;s Operations or Financial Results. 

 the Company pursued a production strategy that combined the capacity at its Cincinnati Brewery
 which was acquired in 1997
 with significant
production arrangements at breweries owned by third parties. The brewing services arrangements with breweries owned by others allowed the Company to utilize their excess capacity
 providing the Company with production flexibility
 as well as cost
advantages over its competitors
 while maintaining full control over the brewing process for its beers. The Company purchased the Pennsylvania Brewery in June 2008. As a result of that acquisition and the subsequent expansion of the Pennsylvania
Brewery&#146;s capacity
 the volume of core brands brewed at Company-owned breweries increased
 and currently over 95% of the Company&#146;s volume is brewed and packaged at breweries that it owns. 

 the Company brewed its flagship beer
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
 at each of its three Samuel Adams breweries
 but at any particular time it may rely
on only one brewery for its products other than Samuel Adams Boston Lager. The Company expects to continue to brew most all of its volume in 2017 at its Company-owned breweries. This reliance on its own breweries exposes the Company to capacity
constraints and risk of disruption of supply
 as these breweries are operating at or close to current capacity in peak months. Management believes that it has alternatives available to it
 in the event that production at any of its brewing locations
is temporarily interrupted
 although as volumes at the Pennsylvania Brewery increase
 severe interruptions there would be problematic
 particularly during peak season. In addition
 if interruptions were to occur
 the Company may not be able to
maintain its current economics and could face significant delays in starting replacement brewing locations. Potential interruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental action
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
 machinery failures
The growth in the Company&#146;s business and product complexity and the expansion of the
capacities and manpower at the Company&#146;s breweries to facilitate greater reliance on its owned breweries heighten the management challenges that the Company faces. In recent years
 the Company has had product shortages and service issues and
the Company&#146;s supply chain struggled under the increased volume and experienced increased operational and freight costs as it reacted. In response to these issues
 the Company has significantly increased its packaging capabilities and tank
capacity and added personnel to address these challenges. There can be no assurance that the Company will effectively manage such increasing complexity without experiencing future planning failures
 operating inefficiencies
 insufficient employee
training
 control deficiencies or other issues that could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. The prior growth of the Company
 changes in operating procedures and increased complexity have required
significant capital investment. The Company to date has not seen operating cost leverage from these increased volumes and there is no guarantee that it will. 

 the Company brewed and/or packaged certain products under service
contracts at facilities located in Latrobe
 Pennsylvania and 
 




Memphis
 Tennessee. In selecting third party breweries for brewing services arrangements
 the Company carefully weighs a brewery&#146;s capability of utilizing traditional brewing
 fermenting and
finishing methods and its quality control capabilities throughout the production process. To the extent that the Company needs to avail itself of a third-party brewing services arrangement
 it exposes itself to higher than planned costs of operating
under such contract arrangements than would apply at the Company-owned breweries or an unexpected decline in the brewing capacity available to it
 either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial
results. The use of such third party facilities also creates higher logistical costs and uncertainty in the ability to deliver product to the Company&#146;s customers efficiently and on time. 

 the capacity and willingness of breweries owned by others where the Company could
brew some of its beers
 if necessary
 has become a more significant concern and
 thus
 there is no guarantee that the Company&#146;s brewing needs will be uniformly met. The Company continues to work at its Company-owned breweries
 and with its
contract brewers to attempt to minimize any potential disruptions. Nevertheless
 should an interruption occur
 the Company could experience temporary shortfalls in production and/or increased production and/or distribution costs and be required to
make significant capital investments to secure alternative capacity for certain brands and packages
 the combination of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. A simultaneous interruption at
several of the Company&#146;s production locations or an unexpected interruption at one of the Company-owned breweries would likely cause significant disruption
 increased costs and
 potentially
 lost sales. 
In
the United States
 where approximately 96% of its beer is sold
 the Company sells most all of its alcohol beverages to independent beer Distributors for distribution to retailers and
 ultimately
 to drinkers. Although the Company currently has
arrangements with approximately 350 Distributors
 sustained growth will require it to maintain such relationships and possibly enter into agreements with additional Distributors. Changes in control or ownership within the current distribution
network could lead to less support of the Company&#146;s products. No assurance can be given that the Company will be able to maintain its current distribution network or secure additional Distributors on terms favorable to the Company. 

notice. While these distribution agreements contain provisions giving the Company enforcement and termination rights
 some state laws prohibit the Company from exercising these contractual rights. The Company&#146;s ability to maintain its existing
distribution arrangements may be adversely affected by the fact that many of its Distributors are reliant on one of the major beer producers for a large percentage of their revenue and
 therefore
 they may be influenced by such producers.&nbsp;If
the Company&#146;s existing distribution agreements are terminated
 it may not be able to enter into new distribution agreements on substantially similar terms
 which may result in an increase in the costs of distribution. 


 the Company started the implementation of its Freshest Beer Program with domestic Distributors to reduce both the time and temperature the
Company&#146;s beers experience at Distributor warehouses before reaching the market. Historically
 Distributors have carried three to five weeks of packaged inventory (usually at ambient temperatures) and three to four weeks of draft inventory. The
 service
 forecasting
 production planning and cooperation with the Distributors. At December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company had 159
Distributors
 representing approximately 77% of its volume
 participating in the program at various stages of inventory reduction. The Company has successfully reduced the inventories of participating Distributors by approximately two weeks
resulting in fresher beer being delivered to retail. The Freshest Beer Program has resulted in lower shipments of approximately 270
000
 87
000
 and 103
000 case equivalents in 2016
 2015 and 2014 respectively as measured at the end of the year by
evaluating 
 




the year on year inventory reduction from the inventory levels that might otherwise have been expected. In 2015 and 2016
 the Company has been piloting a small group of distributors on a pure
replenishment service model within our Freshest Beer Program
 which if successful would further reduce Distributor inventories. The ordering process has changed significantly for Distributors that participate in the Freshest Beer Program and has
resulted in a shorter period between order placement and shipment and posed much greater challenges for forecasting and production planning. Also
 changes to the Distributor ordering process has increased the complexity of the Company&#146;s revenue
It is possible that the Freshest Beer Program may not ultimately
be successful; that its costs of implementation may exceed the value realized; or that the outcome of such inventory reductions may prove detrimental to the Company&#146;s business trends and ability to execute at retail. The Company may encounter
unexpected problems with forecasting
 accounting
 production and Distributor cooperation. These issues may in the past have led and in the future could lead to shortages and out of stocks of the Company&#146;s products at the Distributor and
retailer levels
 result in increased costs
 negatively impact Distributor relations
The
Company also fills orders from those of its Distributors who may independently choose to build their inventories or run their inventories down. Such a change in Distributor inventories is unpredictable and can lead to fluctuations in the
The Company is Dependent on Key Suppliers
 Including Foreign Sources; Its Dependence on Foreign Sources
Creates Foreign Currency Exposure for the Company; The Company&#146;s Use of Natural Ingredients Creates Weather and Crop Reliability and Excess/Shortage Inventory Exposure for the Company. 

 including its malt
 hops
 barley and other ingredients
from a limited number of foreign and domestic suppliers. The Company purchased most of the malt used in the production of its beer from two suppliers during 2016. Nevertheless
 the Company believes that there are other malt vendors available that
are capable of supplying part of its needs. The Company is exposed to the quality of the barley crop each year
 and significant failure of a crop would adversely affect the Company&#146;s costs. 

taste and aroma properties and include Hallertau-Hallertauer
 Tettnang-Tettnanger
 from the Czech Republic. Noble hops are rare and more
expensive than most other varieties of hops. Traditional English hops
 namely
 East Kent Goldings and English Fuggles
 and/or United States hops are used in most of the Company&#146;s ales. The demand for hops grown in the United States has grown
due to the success and growth of craft brewers and the popularity of beer styles that include hops grown in the United States. Certain United States hops are in tight supply and prices have risen for both spot purchases and forward contract pricing
accordingly. The Company enters into purchase commitments with several hops dealers
 based on the Company&#146;s projected future volumes and brewing needs. The dealers then contract with farmers to meet the Company&#146;s needs. However
 the
performance and availability of the hops
 as with any agricultural product
 may be materially adversely affected by factors such as adverse weather or pests and there is no guarantee the contracts will be fulfilled completely. Further
 the use of
fertilizers and pesticides that do not conform to United States regulations
 the imposition of export/import restrictions (such as increased tariffs and duties) and changes in currency exchange rates could result in increased prices or shortages of


agricultural products and therefore many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating out of hops or barley to other crops
 government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture
 could affect both price and supply. 
 




flavor profile. These apples are sourced primarily from European
 United States and New Zealand suppliers and include bittersweet apples from France and New Zealand and culinary apples from Italy and Washington state. There is limited availability
of these apples and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating from apples to other crops
 government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture
 could affect both price and supply. In 2012
 the Company experienced
shortages of apples
 primarily due to growth in excess of that planned
 that impacted the timing of shipments of its hard ciders to Distributors. Since 2012
 the Company has not experienced any shortage of apples. The Company has entered into
Except for the shortage of apples in 2012
the Company has not experienced material difficulties in obtaining timely delivery from its suppliers
 although the Company has had to pay significantly above historical prices to secure supplies when inventory and supply have been tight. The
Company&#146;s new product development can also be constrained by any limited availability of certain ingredients. Growth rates higher than planned or the introduction of new products requiring special ingredients could create demand for ingredients
greater than the Company can source. Although the Company believes that there are alternative sources available for some of the ingredients and packaging materials
 there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to acquire such ingredients
or packaging materials from substitute sources on a timely or cost effective basis
 in the event that current suppliers could not adequately fulfill orders. The loss or significant reduction in the capability of a supplier to support the
Company&#146;s requirements could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect the Company&#146;s business and financial results
 until alternative supply arrangements were secured. 

 Pounds Sterling and New Zealand dollars
 and therefore
 the Company is
subject to the risk that the Euro
 Pound or New Zealand dollar may fluctuate adversely against the U.S. dollar. The Company has
 as a practice
 not hedged this exposure
 although this practice is regularly reviewed. Significant adverse fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. The cost of hops has increased in recent years due to the rising market price of hops and exchange rate changes. The
continuation of these trends will impact the Company&#146;s product cost and potentially the Company&#146;s ability to meet the demand for its beers.&nbsp;The Company buys some other ingredients and capital equipment from foreign suppliers for which
The Company&#146;s accounting policy for hops inventory and purchase commitments is
to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#146;s expected future usage. The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future
sales growth
 product mix
 cancellation costs and supply
 among others. Actual results may differ materially from management&#146;s estimates. The Company continues to manage inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize
utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. However
 changes in management&#146;s assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix and hops market conditions could result in future material losses. 


 such as shipping cases and glass. The Company enters into limited-term
supply agreements with certain vendors in order to receive preferential pricing. In 2016
 cans
 crowns
 six pack carriers and labels were each supplied by single sources. Although the Company believes that alternative suppliers are available
 the
loss of any of the Company&#146;s packaging materials suppliers could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect the Company&#146;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position until alternative supply arrangements were secured. Additionally
there has been acquisition and consolidation activity in several of the packaging supplier networks which could potentially lead to disruption in supply and changes in economics. If packaging costs continue to increase
 there is no guarantee that
such costs can be fully passed along to drinkers through increased prices. The Company has 
 




entered into long-term supply agreements for certain packaging materials that have shielded it from some cost increases. These contracts have varying lengths and terms and there is no guarantee
that the economics of these contracts can be replicated when renewed. The Company&#146;s inability to preserve the current economics on renewal could expose the Company to significant cost increases in future years. Some of these contracts require
the Company to make commitments on minimum volume of purchases based on Company forecasts. If the Company&#146;s needs differ significantly from its forecasts
 the Company would likely incur storage costs for excess production or contractual
The Company initiates bottle deposits in some states and reuses glass bottles that are
returned pursuant to certain state bottle recycling laws. The cost associated with reusing the glass varies. The Company believes that it benefits economically from cleaning and reusing these bottles
 which result in a lower cost than purchasing new
glass
 and that it benefits the environment by the reduction in landfill usage
 the reduction of usage of raw materials and the lower utility costs for reusing bottles versus producing new bottles. The economics of using recycled glass varies based
on the cost of collection
 sorting and handling
 retailer
 distributor and glass dealer behavior
 the availability of equipment and service providers that will clean bottles for reuse
 and may be adversely affected by changes in state regulation.
There is no guarantee that the current economics of using returned glass will continue
 or that the Company will continue its current used glass practices. 


 the Company has experienced significant variation in direct and indirect energy costs
 and energy costs could change unpredictably.
Increased energy costs would result in higher transportation
 freight and other operating costs
 including increases in the cost of ingredients and supplies. The Company&#146;s future operating expenses and margins could be dependent on its ability
to manage the impact of such cost increases. If energy costs increase
 there is no guarantee that such costs can be fully passed along to drinkers through increased prices. 


 and expects to continue to make
 significant advertising and promotional expenditures to enhance its brands
 even though these
expenditures may adversely affect the Company&#146;s results of operations in a particular quarter or even for the full year
 and may not result in increased sales. Variations in the levels of advertising and promotional expenditures have in the
past caused
 and are expected in the future to continue to cause
 variability in the Company&#146;s quarterly results of operations. While the Company attempts to invest only in effective advertising and promotional expenditures
 it is difficult to
correlate such investments with sales results
 and there is no guarantee that the Company&#146;s expenditures will be effective in building brand equity or growing long term sales. 
The Company&#146;s Operations are Subject to Certain Operating Hazards Which Could Result in Unexpected Costs or Product Recalls That Could Harm the
The Company&#146;s operations are subject to certain hazards and liability risks faced by all brewers
 such as potential
contamination of ingredients or products by bacteria or other external agents that may be wrongfully or accidentally introduced into products or packaging
 or defective packaging and handling. Such occurrences may create bad tasting beer
 hard cider
or hard seltzer
 or pose risk to the integrity and safety of the packaging. These could result in unexpected costs to the Company and
 in the case of a costly product recall
 potentially serious damage to the Company&#146;s reputation for product
quality
Changes in Tax
 Environmental and Other Regulations or Failure to Comply with Existing Licensing
The Company&#146;s business is highly
regulated by federal
 state and local laws and regulations regarding such matters as licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion and marketing 
 




practices
 relationships with Distributors
 environmental impact of operations and other matters. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent reevaluation
 varying interpretations and
political debate
 and inquiries from governmental regulators charged with their enforcement.&nbsp;Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations relating to the Company&#146;s operations or any revisions to such laws and regulations or the
failure to pay taxes or other fees imposed on the Company&#146;s operations and results could result in the loss
 revocation or suspension of the Company&#146;s licenses
 permits or approvals
 and could have a material adverse effect on the
Company&#146;s business
 financial condition and results of operations. Changes in Federal and other tax rates could have significant effect on the Company&#146;s financial results. 
Changes in Public Attitudes and Drinker Tastes Could Harm the Company&#146;s Business. Regulatory Changes in Response to Public Attitudes Could
The alcoholic beverage industry has become the subject of considerable societal and political
attention in recent years
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including driving under the influence
 underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol
 including alcoholism. As an outgrowth of
these concerns
 the possibility exists that advertising by beer producers could be restricted
 that additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements might be imposed
 that further restrictions on the sale of alcohol might be imposed or that
The domestic beer industry
 other than Better
Beers
 has experienced a slight decline in shipments over the last ten years. The Company believes that this slower growth is due to both declining alcohol consumption per person in the population and increased competition from wine and spirits
companies. If beer consumption in general were to come into disfavor among domestic drinkers
 or if the domestic beer industry were subjected to significant additional governmental regulations
 the Company&#146;s business could be materially
Certain states are considering or have passed laws and regulations that allow the sale and distribution of marijuana. It is possible
Impact of Changes in Drinker Attitudes on Brand
Equity and Inherent Risk of Reliance on the Company&#146;s Founder in the Samuel Adams

demands could adversely affect the strength of the Company&#146;s brands and the revenue that is generated from that strength. It is possible that the Company could react to such changes and reposition its brands
 but there is no certainty that the
Company would be able to maintain volumes
 pricing power and profitability. It is also possible that marketing messages or other actions taken by the Company could damage its brand equities
 as opposed to building them. If such damage were to occur
In addition to these inherent brand risks
 the founder and Chairman of
the Company
 C. James Koch
 is an integral part of the Company&#146;s Samuel Adams brand history
 equity and current and potential future brand messaging and the Company relies on the positive public perception of its founder. The role of
Mr.&nbsp;Koch as founder
 brewer and leader of the Company is emphasized as part of the Company&#146;s brand communication and has appeal to some drinkers. If Mr.&nbsp;Koch were not available to the Company to continue his active role
 his absence
could negatively affect the strength of the Company&#146;s messaging and
 accordingly
 the Company&#146;s growth prospects. The Company and its brands may also be impacted if drinkers&#146; views of Mr.&nbsp;Koch were to negatively change. If either
of these were to occur
 the Company might need to adapt its strategy for communicating its key messages regarding its traditional brewing processes
 brewing heritage and quality. Any such change in the Company&#146;s messaging strategy might have a
detrimental impact on the future growth of the Company. 
 



There Is No Guarantee that the Company Will not Face Litigation that Could Harm the Company&#146;s
While the Company has from time to time in the past been involved in material litigation
 it is not currently a party to any pending or
threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. In general
 while the Company believes it conducts its business appropriately in accordance
with laws
 regulations and industry guidelines
 claims
 whether or not meritorious
 could be asserted against the Company that might adversely impact the Company&#146;s results. See 


 charter
 amendments and (2)&nbsp;elect a minority of the directors of the Company. Although not as a matter of right
 the Class&nbsp;A stockholders have also been afforded the opportunity to vote
on an advisory basis on executive compensation. Consequently
 the election of a majority of the Company&#146;s directors and all other matters requiring stockholder approval are currently decided by C.&nbsp;James Koch
 who is the founder and
Chairman of the Company
 as the holder of 100% of the voting rights to the outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;B Common Stock. As a result
 Mr.&nbsp;Koch is able to exercise substantial influence over all matters requiring
stockholder approval
 including the composition of the board of directors
 approval of equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate and governance matters
 such as approval of the Company&#146;s independent
registered public accounting firm. This could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company and makes most material transactions difficult or impossible to accomplish without the support of Mr.&nbsp;Koch. In addition
Mr.&nbsp;Koch could transfer some shares of the Class&nbsp;B Common Stock to others
 which could impact the nature of the control currently held by him as the sole holder of the Class&nbsp;B Common Stock. 


results in a variety of ways
 including: (a)&nbsp;prices for energy and agricultural products may rise faster than current estimates
 including increases resulting from currency fluctuations; (b)&nbsp;the Company&#146;s key suppliers may not be able
to fund their capital requirements
 resulting in disruption in the supplies of the Company&#146;s raw and packaging materials; (c)&nbsp;the credit risks of the Company&#146;s Distributors may increase; (d)&nbsp;the impact of currency fluctuations on
amounts owed to the Company by distributors that pay in foreign currencies; (e)&nbsp;the Company&#146;s credit facility
 or portion thereof
 may become unavailable at a time when needed by the Company to meet critical needs; (f)&nbsp;overall beer
consumption may decline; or (g)&nbsp;drinkers of the Company&#146;s beers may change their purchase preferences and frequency
 which might result in sales declines. 


 as well as maintain financial and
accounting reporting accuracy to ensure compliance with all applicable laws. If the Company does not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure
 the Company could be subject to
transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 the loss of customers
 business disruptions
 or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. The Company recognizes that many groups on a world-wide basis have experienced
increases in cyber attacks and other hacking activity. The Company has dedicated internal and external resources to review and address such threats. However
 as with all large information technology systems
 the Company&#146;s systems could be
penetrated by outside parties intent on extracting confidential or proprietary information
 corrupting information
 disrupting business processes
 or engaging in the unauthorized use of strategic 
 




information. Such unauthorized access could disrupt business operations and could result in the loss of assets or revenues
 remediation costs or damage to the Company&#146;s reputation
 as well
as litigation against the Company by third parties adversely affected by the unauthorized access. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. The Company also relies on third parties for
supply of software
 software and data hosting and telecommunications and networking
 and is reliant on those third parties for the quality and integrity of these complex services. Failure by a third party supplier could have material adverse effect
on the Company&#146;s ability to operate. 



The Company has not received any written comments from the staff of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) regarding the Company&#146;s periodic or current reports that (1)&nbsp;the Company believes are material
 (2)&nbsp;were issued not less than 180 days before the end of the Company&#146;s 2016
fiscal year
 and (3)&nbsp;remain unresolved. 



The Company maintains its principal corporate offices in approximately 54
200 square feet of
leased space located in Boston
 Massachusetts
 the term of which is set to expire in 2026. The Company also leases small offices in California and Vermont. 

 Massachusetts in approximately 43
000 square feet of leased space. The current term of the lease
for this facility will expire in 2019
The Company owns approximately 76 acres
of land in Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania
 consisting of the two parcels on which the Company&#146;s Pennsylvania Brewery is located. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 1&nbsp;million square feet of brewery and warehouse space.
The Company owns approximately 10 acres of land in Cincinnati
 Ohio
 on which the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery is located
 and leases
 with an
option to purchase
 approximately 1 acre of land from the City of Cincinnati which abuts its property. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 128
500 square feet of brewery and warehouse space. 

 New York
 consisting of an apple orchard and certain buildings
 including a small cidery and tour
center. The small cidery and tour center on this property consist of approximately 15
The Company leases approximately 48
650
square feet of space in Los Angeles
 California
 which houses a small brewery
 beer hall and tour center. The current term of the lease for this facility will expire in 2021. 

365 square feet of space in Miami
 Florida
 which houses a small brewery
 beer hall and tour center. The current term of
The Company leases approximately 2
100 square feet of space within the retail section of MCU Park in
Brooklyn
 New York
The Company
believes that its facilities are adequate for its current needs and that suitable additional space will be available on commercially acceptable terms as required. 
 






The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the
outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 








Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 2012 in each of the Company&#146;s stock (&#147;The Boston Beer Company
Inc.&#148;)
 the Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Index (&#147;S&amp;P 500 Index&#148;)
 the Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Beverage Index
 which consists of producers of alcoholic and 
beverages (&#147;S&amp;P 500 Beverages Index&#148;) and a custom peer group which consists of Molson Coors Brewing Company and Craft Brewers Alliance
 Inc. (formerly Redhook Ale Brewery
 Inc.)
 the two remaining U.S. publicly-traded brewing
companies (&#147;Peer Group&#148;)
 for the five years ending December&nbsp;31
 2016. 
















































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
















































































































































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.











































































































































































































 





The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The Company&#146;s NYSE
symbol is SAM. For the fiscal periods indicated
 the high and low per share sales prices for the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. as reported on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transaction Reporting System were as
follows: 















































































































There were 10
526 holders of record of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as of February&nbsp;17
 2017. Excluded
from the number of stockholders of record are stockholders who hold shares in &#147;nominee&#148; or &#147;street&#148; name. The closing price per share of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as of February&nbsp;17
 2017
 as reported under
the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transaction Reporting System
 was $169.75. 

 2016
 the Company had 22
700
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 9
235
924 were issued
and outstanding
 which includes 64
968 shares that have trading restrictions. The Class&nbsp;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&nbsp;as required by law
 (2)&nbsp;for the election of Class&nbsp;A Directors
 and (3)&nbsp;that the approval
of the holders of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is required for (a)&nbsp;future authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 (b)&nbsp;alterations of rights or terms of the Class&nbsp;A
or Class&nbsp;B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of 
 




Organization of the Company
 (c)&nbsp;certain other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&nbsp;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
and (e)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets. 

 2016
 the Company had 4
200
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 3
197
355 shares were
issued and outstanding. The Class&nbsp;B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the right to (1)&nbsp;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors and (2)&nbsp;approve all (a)&nbsp;amendments to the Company&#146;s
Articles of Organization
 (b)&nbsp;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets and (d)&nbsp;equity-based and other executive compensation
and other significant corporate matters
 such as approval of the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm.&nbsp;The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is
freely convertible into one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
As of February&nbsp;17
 2017
 C. James Koch
 the
Company&#146;s Chairman
The
holders of the Class&nbsp;A and Class&nbsp;B Common Stock are entitled to dividends
 basis
 only if and when declared by the Board of Directors of
the Company out of funds legally available for payment thereof. Since its inception
 the Company has not paid dividends and does not currently anticipate paying dividends on its Class&nbsp;A or Class&nbsp;B Common Stock in the foreseeable future.


 2016
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 12.5&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an
During the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company repurchased 948
117
shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as illustrated in the table below: 


































December&nbsp;27
 2015 to January&nbsp;30
 2016

















912



January&nbsp;31
 2016 to February&nbsp;27
 2016

















961



February&nbsp;28
 2016 to March&nbsp;26
 2016

















215



March&nbsp;27
 2016 to April&nbsp;30
 2016

















167



May&nbsp;1
 2016 to May&nbsp;28
 2016

















182



May&nbsp;29
 2016 to June&nbsp;25
 2016

















231



June&nbsp;26
 2016 to July&nbsp;30
 2016

















533



July&nbsp;31
 2016 to August&nbsp;27
 2016

















175



August&nbsp;28
 2016 to September&nbsp;24
 2016

















851



September&nbsp;25
 2016 to October&nbsp;29
 2016

















341



October&nbsp;30
 2016 to November&nbsp;26
 2016

















173



November&nbsp;27
 2016 to December&nbsp;31
 2016

















248







































248




















Of the shares that were purchased during the period
 3
241 shares represent repurchases of unvested investment shares issued
under the Investment Share Program of the Company&#146;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan. 
 























































(in thousands
 except per share and net revenue per barrel data)

































024
































































































































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses





















































Impairment (gain on sale) of assets
 net

























































































































Other expense
 net








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 as well as in oral statements made by the Company
 statements that are prefaced with the words &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148;
&#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;continue
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;designed
&#148; and similar expressions
 are intended to identify forward-looking statements regarding events
 conditions
 and
financial trends that may affect the Company&#146;s future plans of operations
 business strategy
 results of operations
 and financial position. These statements are based on the Company&#146;s current expectations and estimates as to prospective
events and circumstances about which the Company can give no firm assurance. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made
 and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual future financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements
 like any
forward-
 




looking statements
 involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include the factors set
forth above and the other information set forth in this Form 

 to a lesser extent
 in
selected international markets. The Company&#146;s revenues are primarily derived by selling its beers
 hard ciders and hard seltzers to Distributors
 who in turn sell the products to retailers and drinkers. 

 which includes imported beers and craft beers. This category has seen high
single-digit compounded annual growth over the past ten years. Defining factors for Better Beer include superior quality
 image and taste
 supported by appropriate pricing. The Company believes that the Better Beer category is positioned to increase
market share
 as drinkers continue to trade up in taste and quality. The Company estimates that in 2016 the craft beer category percentage volume growth was approximately 7% and the Better Beer category percentage volume growth was approximately 6%
while the total beer category volume was essentially flat. The Company believes that the Better Beer category is approximately 29% of United States beer consumption by volume. The Company estimates the Hard Cider category to be less than 1% of the
total beer category and believes it has many characteristics similar to the Better Beer category. The Company believes that significant opportunity continues to exist for the Better Beer and Hard Cider categories to gain market share in the total
beer category. Depletions or Distributor sales to retailers of the Company&#146;s beers
 hard ciders and hard seltzers for the 53 week fiscal period ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 decreased approximately 5% from the comparable 52 week fiscal period


 2017 are estimated by the Company to have decreased approximately 15% from the
The Company is targeting earnings per diluted share for 2017 of between $4.20 and $6.20
 but actual results could vary
significantly from this target. The 2017 fiscal year includes only 52 weeks compared to the 2016 fiscal year which included 53 weeks. The Company is currently planning that 2017 depletions and shipments percentage change will be between minus 7% and
plus 1%. The Company is targeting national price increases of between 1% and 2%. Full-year 2017 gross margins are currently expected to be between 51% and 52%. The Company intends to increase advertising
 promotional and selling expenses by between
$20&nbsp;million and $30&nbsp;million for the full year 2017
 which does not include any increases in freight costs for the shipment of products to its Distributors. The Company intends to increase its investment in its brands in 2017 commensurate
with the opportunities for growth that it sees
 but there is no guarantee that such increased investments will result in increased volumes. The Company estimates a full-year 2017 effective tax rate of approximately 37%
 which excludes the impact of
 which is effective for the company on January&nbsp;1
 2017. The Company is not currently planning to
 will have on the Company&#146;s 2017 financial statements and full-year effective tax rate as this will mainly depend upon unpredictable future events
The Company is continuing
to evaluate 2017 capital expenditures. Its current estimates are between $40&nbsp;million and $60&nbsp;million
 consisting mostly of continued investments in the Company&#146;s breweries. The actual total amount spent on 2017 capital expenditures
may well be different from these estimates. Based on information currently available
 the Company believes that its capacity requirements for 2017 can be covered by its Company-owned breweries and existing contracted capacity at third-party brewers.

 



 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 (53 weeks) Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 (52 weeks) 











































(in thousands
 except per barrel)













































































































































































































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

















































































Impairment (gain on sale) of assets
 net





























































































































































Other expense
 net


















































































































































































































































































Net revenue decreased by $53.5&nbsp;million
 or 5.6%
 to $906.4&nbsp;million for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 as compared to $959.9&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
Volume.

019
000 barrels for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 decreased by 5.6% over comparable 2015 levels of 4
256
000 barrels
to decreases in shipments of Samuel Adams
 Angry Orchard
 Coney Island
and Traveler brand products that were only partially offset by shipment increases in Twisted Tea and Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp; Sparkling brand products. 

 or sales by Distributors to retailers
 of the Company&#146;s products for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 decreased by approximately 5%
compared to the prior year
 primarily due to decreases in depletions of Samuel Adams
 Angry Orchard
 Traveler and Coney Island brand products that were only partially offset by increases in depletions of Twisted Tea and Truly Spiked&nbsp;&amp;
 The net revenue per barrel remained flat at $225.55 per barrel for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 when compared to the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015. This was due primarily to price increases and package mix effects that were offset by product mix effects and increased returns. 

 bottles and
cans.&nbsp;Assuming the same level of production
 a shift in the mix from kegs to bottles and cans would effectively increase revenue per barrel
 as the price per equivalent barrel is lower 
 




for kegs than for bottles and cans.&nbsp;The percentage of bottles and cans to total shipments increased by 1.5% to 80.2% of total shipments for the year ended December 31
 2016 as compared to
the year ended December&nbsp;26
Gross profit was $114.38 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 as compared to
$117.86 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015. Gross margin was 50.7% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 as compared to 52.3% for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015. The decrease in gross profit per barrel of $3.48 is
Cost of goods sold for was $111.17 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
as compared to $107.69 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015. The 2016 increase in cost of goods sold of $3.48 per barrel is the result of unfavorable fixed cost absorption and product mix effects partially offset by cost saving
The Company includes freight charges related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations
to Distributor locations in its advertising
 promotional and selling expense line item. As such
 the Company&#146;s gross margins may not be comparable to other entities that classify costs related to distribution differently. 
Advertising
 promotional and selling. 
 promotional and selling expenses
 decreased $29.4&nbsp;million
 or 10.8%
 to $244.2&nbsp;million for
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 as compared to $273.6&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of decreases in freight to distributors due to lower volume and lower freight rates and lower
Advertising
 promotional
and selling expenses were 26.9% of net revenue
 or $60.77 per barrel
 for the year ended December 31
 2016
 as compared to 28.5% of net revenue
 or $64.29 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015. The Company will invest in advertising
and promotional campaigns that it believes are effective
The Company conducts
certain advertising and promotional activities in its Distributors&#146; markets
 and the Distributors make contributions to the Company for such efforts. These amounts are included in the Company&#146;s statement of operations as reductions to
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Historically
 contributions from Distributors for advertising and promotional activities have amounted to between 2% and 4% of net sales. The Company may adjust its promotional efforts in the
Distributors&#146; markets
 if changes occur in these promotional contribution arrangements
General
and administrative. 
 or 9.1%
 to $78.0&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 as compared to $71.6&nbsp;million for the comparable period in 2015. The increase
For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the
Company recognized a $1.0&nbsp;million gain on the sale of land owned in Freetown
For the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company incurred impairment charges of $0.7&nbsp;million
 based upon its review of the carrying values of its property
 plant and equipment. 
For the year ended December 31
 2016
 an aggregate of $6.2&nbsp;million in stock-based compensation expense is
included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and general and administrative expenses. Stock compensation decreased by $0.5&nbsp;million in 2016 compared to 2015
 primarily due to cancellation of unvested equity awards upon departure of
The Company&#146;s effective tax rate for the
year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 of 36.3% decreased from the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 



Year Ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 (52 weeks) Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 (52 weeks)











































(in thousands
 except per barrel)













































































































































































































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

















































































Impairment (gain on sale) of assets
 net































































































































































Other expense
 net


















































































































































































































































































Net revenue increased by $56.9&nbsp;million
 or 6.3%
 to $959.9&nbsp;million for the year ended
December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to $903.0&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 due primarily to increased shipments and increased revenue per barrel. 
Total shipment volume of 4
256
000 barrels for the year ended December&nbsp;26 2015 increased by 3.7% over comparable 2014 levels of 4
103
000
barrels
to increases in shipments of Coney Island
 Twisted Tea
 Angry Orchard and Traveler brand products that were only partially offset by shipment declines in Samuel Adams brand products. 

 or sales by Distributors to retailers
 of the Company&#146;s products for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 increased by approximately 4%
compared to the prior year
 primarily due to increases in depletions of Twisted Tea
 Coney Island
 Angry Orchard and Traveler brand products that were only partially offset by declines in depletions of Samuel Adams brand products. 
 The net revenue per barrel increased by 2.5% to $225.55 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to
$220.08 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
Significant
changes in the package mix could have a material effect on net revenue.&nbsp;The Company primarily packages its brands in kegs
 bottles and cans.&nbsp;Assuming the same level of production
 a shift in the mix from kegs to bottles and cans would
effectively increase revenue per barrel
 as the price per equivalent barrel is lower for kegs than for bottles and cans.&nbsp;The percentage of bottles and cans to total shipments increased by 1.7% to 78.7% of total shipments for the year ended
December 26
 2015 as compared to the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. 
 



Gross profit was $117.86 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared
to $113.33 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. Gross margin was 52.3% for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to 51.5% for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. The increase in gross profit per barrel of $4.53 is
primarily due to an increase in net revenue per barrel
Cost of goods sold was $107.69
per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to $106.75 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. The 2015 increase in cost of goods sold of $0.94 per barrel is primarily due to product and package mix and higher
brewery operating costs
The Company includes freight charges related to the movement of finished goods from
manufacturing locations to Distributor locations in its advertising
 promotional and selling expense line item. As such
 the Company&#146;s gross margins may not be comparable to other entities that classify costs related to distribution
Advertising
 promotional and selling. 
 promotional and selling expenses
 increased $22.9&nbsp;million
 or 9.1%
 to
$273.6&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to $250.7&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. The increase was primarily a result of increased media advertising of $14.6&nbsp;million
 increased costs
Advertising
promotional and selling expenses were 28.5% of net revenue
 or $64.29 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to 27.8% of net revenue
 or $61.10 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. The Company will
invest in advertising and promotional campaigns that it believes are effective
 but there is no guarantee that such investment will generate sales growth. 

 and the Distributors make contributions to the Company
for such efforts. These amounts are included in the Company&#146;s statement of operations as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Historically
 contributions from Distributors for advertising and promotional activities have
amounted to between 2% and 4% of net sales. The Company may adjust its promotional efforts in the Distributors&#146; markets
 if changes occur in these promotional contribution arrangements
 depending on the industry and market conditions. 
General and administrative expenses increased by $5.6&nbsp;million
 or 8.5%
 to $71.6&nbsp;million for the year ended
December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to $66.0&nbsp;million for the comparable period in 2014. The increase was primarily due to increases in salary and benefit expenses
 consulting and facilities costs. 
For the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company incurred impairment charges of $0.3&nbsp;million
 based upon its review of
the carrying values of its property
For the year ended December 26
 2015
 an aggregate of
$6.7&nbsp;million in stock-based compensation expense is included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and general and administrative expenses. Stock compensation decreased by $0.2&nbsp;million in 2015 compared to 2014
 primarily due to
The Company&#146;s effective tax rate for the
year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 of 36.5% decreased from the year ended December&nbsp;27
rate of approximately 37.7%. This decrease was primarily the result of an increased federal manufacturing deduction and lower state tax
Cash
decreased to $91.0&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 from $94.2&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 reflecting cash used in financing activities and for purchases of property
 plant and equipment that was only partially offset by cash
provided by operating activities. 
 






 such as depreciation and amortization
 stock-based compensation expense and related excess tax benefit
 items included in operating results
 and
changes in operating assets and liabilities
 such as accounts receivable
 inventory
Cash provided by operating
activities in 2016 was $154.2&nbsp;million and primarily consisted of net income of $87.3&nbsp;million
 items of $51.6&nbsp;million and a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of
$15.3&nbsp;million which includes a $12.0&nbsp;million tax refund in the first quarter of 2016. Cash provided by operating activities in 2015 totaled $168.7&nbsp;million and primarily consisted of net income of $98.4&nbsp;million



 as compared to $74.2&nbsp;million during 2015. 2016 investing activities primarily
consisted of capital investments of $49.9&nbsp;million made mostly in the Company&#146;s breweries to drive efficiencies and cost reductions
 support product innovation and future growth
 partially offset by $3.9&nbsp;million in proceeds from the
sale of land in Freetown
Cash used in financing activities was $111.3&nbsp;million during 2016
 as compared to $76.7&nbsp;million
used in financing activities during 2015. The $34.7&nbsp;million difference in financing cash flow in 2016 from 2015 is primarily due to an increase in stock repurchases under the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program and a decrease in proceeds
In 1998
 the Board of Directors authorized management to implement a stock repurchase
program. During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company repurchased approximately 945
000 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $161.7&nbsp;million. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company had
repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 12.5&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $607.8&nbsp;million. 

 2017 through February&nbsp;17
 2017
 the Company repurchased approximately 116
000 additional shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for
an aggregate purchase price of $18.5&nbsp;million. As of February&nbsp;17
 2017
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 12.6&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
$626.3&nbsp;million. The Company has approximately $154.7&nbsp;million remaining on the $781.0&nbsp;million stock repurchase expenditure limit set by the Board of Directors. 

 2016 of $91.0&nbsp;million
 along with future operating cash flow and the Company&#146;s
unused line of credit of $150.0&nbsp;million
 will be sufficient to fund future cash requirements. The Company&#146;s $150.0&nbsp;million credit facility has a term not scheduled to expire until March&nbsp;31
 2019. As of the date of this filing
the Company was not in violation of any of its covenants to the lender under the credit facility and there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility. 
The discussion and analysis
of the Company&#146;s financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial
statements requires the Company to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and
analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances
 and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. The more judgmental estimates are summarized below. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they
become known. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the Company&#146;s estimates if past experience
or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 
 



 



 basis
 or market value. The Company enters into multi-year purchase commitments in order to secure adequate supply of ingredients and packaging
 to brew and package its products. Inventory on hand
and under purchase commitments totaled approximately $173.7&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;31
 2016. The Company&#146;s provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on management&#146;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on hand and
under contract. Forecasting usage involves significant judgments regarding future demand for the Company&#146;s various existing products and products under development as well as the potency and shelf-life of various ingredients. A significant
change in the timing or level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess or expired inventory are recorded as a
cost of goods sold and have historically been adequate to provide for losses on its raw materials. Provision for excess or expired inventory included in cost of goods sold was $4.5&nbsp;million
 $4.0&nbsp;million
 and $6.1&nbsp;million in fiscal
years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. 

 plant and equipment which are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. The carrying value of
property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 at December&nbsp;31
 2016 was $408.4&nbsp;million. For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment losses
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the
Company&#146;s identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of impairment are present. Evaluations of whether indicators of impairment exist involve judgments regarding the current and future business environment and
the length of time the Company intends to use the asset. For all long-lived assets
 if an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such loss would be charged to expense in
the period the impairment is identified. Estimating the amount of impairment
 if any
 requires significant judgments including identification of potential impairments
 market comparison to similar assets
 estimated cash flows to be generated by the
asset
 discount rates
 and the remaining useful life of the asset. Impairment of assets included in operating expenses was $0.7&nbsp;million
 $0.3&nbsp;million
 and $1.8&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. 
Net revenue includes product sales
less customer programs and incentives
 reserves for stale beer returns and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company
The Company is committed to maintaining the freshness of the product in the market. In certain
circumstances and with the Company&#146;s approval
 the Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by Distributors. Where legal
 the Company credits approximately fifty percent of the Distributor&#146;s cost of the beer that has passed
its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes a reserve based upon both historical returns and knowledge of specific return transactions. Estimating this reserve
involves significant judgments and estimates
 including comparability of historical return trends to future trends
 lag time from date of sale to date of return
 and product mix of returns. Historically
 the cost of actual stale beer returns has
been in line with established reserves
 however
 the cost could differ materially from the estimated reserve which would impact revenue. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the stale beer reserve was $5.2&nbsp;million and
$3.3&nbsp;million
 respectively. 
 



 

 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the
alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as
reductions to net revenue or as advertising

Revenue Recognition- Customer Payments and Incentives

expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $54.4&nbsp;million
 $55.3&nbsp;million
 and $52.4&nbsp;million in fiscal year 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. 

programs in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $33.2&nbsp;million
 $33.2&nbsp;million
 and $28.5&nbsp;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. The agreed-upon discount
rates are applied to certain Distributors&#146; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions
that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated
Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and advertising
activities. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#146;s products may include
 but are not limited to 
and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were
$21.2&nbsp;million
 $22.1&nbsp;million
 and $23.9&nbsp;million
 respectively. In fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of $16.1&nbsp;million
 $16.6&nbsp;million
 and $18.7&nbsp;million
respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized in net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling
expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets. These costs are recorded as incurred
 generally when invoices are received; however certain estimates are required at period end. Estimates are
In
connection with its preparation of financial statements and other financial reporting
 management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions regarding the amount and timing of expenditures resulting from these activities. Actual
expenditures incurred could differ from management&#146;s estimates and assumptions. 

 bottles and cans are shipped on pallets to
Distributors. Most kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 deposits held by the
Company totaled $15.8&nbsp;million and $18.9&nbsp;million
 respectively. The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods. The Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
after considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. The Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. The actual liability
for refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. 
 



 

Stock-based compensation was $6.2&nbsp;million
 $6.7&nbsp;million
 and $6.9&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. Various option-pricing models are used to calculate
the fair value of options. All option-pricing models require the input of subjective assumptions. These assumptions include the estimated volatility of the Company&#146;s common stock price over the expected term
 the expected dividend rate
 the
estimated post-vesting forfeiture rate
In addition


 the Company grants performance-based stock options
 related to which it only recognizes compensation expense if it
is probable that performance targets will be met. Consequently
 at the end of each reporting period
 the Company estimates whether it is probable that performance targets will be met. Changes in the subjective assumptions and estimates can
Income Taxes
Income tax expense was $49.8&nbsp;million
 $56.6&nbsp;million
 and $54.9&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. The Company
provides for deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial statements or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and tax basis of the Company&#146;s assets
 liabilities and carry-forwards such as tax credits. In estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the extent deemed necessary when realization of deferred tax assets appears unlikely. 

state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax
jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax returns. Historically
 the valuation allowances and reserves for uncertain tax positions have been adequate to cover the
The
alcoholic beverage industry is highly regulated at the federal
 state and local levels. The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#147;TTB&#148;) and the Justice Department&#146;s Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco
 Firearms and Explosives enforce laws
under the Federal Alcohol Administration Act. The TTB is responsible for administering and enforcing excise tax laws that directly affect the Company&#146;s results of operations. State and regulatory authorities have the ability to suspend or
revoke the Company&#146;s licenses and permits or impose substantial fines for violations. The Company has established strict policies
 procedures and guidelines in efforts to ensure compliance with all applicable state and federal laws. However
the loss or revocation of any existing license or permit could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. 

distribute similar products that have similar pricing and target drinkers. The Company believes that its pricing is appropriate given the quality and reputation of its core brands
 while realizing that economic pricing pressures may affect future
pricing levels. Certain major domestic brewers have also developed brands to compete within the Better Beer
 FMB and hard cider categories and have acquired 
 




interests in craft beers and hard cider makers
 or importation rights to foreign brands. Import brewers and major domestic brewers are able to compete more aggressively than the Company
 as they
have substantially greater resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. The Company anticipates craft beer competition increasing as craft brewers have benefited from eleven years of healthy growth and are looking to
maintain these trends. The Company also increasingly competes with wine and spirits companies
 some of which have significantly greater resources than the Company. This competitive environment may affect the Company&#146;s overall performance within
the Better Beer category. As the market matures and the Better Beer category continues to consolidate
 the Company believes that companies that are well-positioned in terms of brand equity
 marketing and distribution will have greater success than
those who do not. With approximately 350 Distributors nationwide and the Company&#146;s sales force of approximately 415 people
 a commitment to maintaining brand equity and the quality of its beer
 the Company believes it is well positioned to
compete in the Better Beer market. 
The Potential Impact of Known Facts
 Commitments
 Events and Uncertainties 
The Company utilizes
several varieties of hops in the production of its products. To ensure adequate supplies of these varieties
 the Company enters into advance multi-year purchase commitments based on forecasted future hop requirements
 among other factors. 

 the Company entered into several hops future contracts in the normal course of business. The total value of the contracts entered into as of
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 which are denominated in U.S. Dollars
 Euros and New Zealand Dollars
 was $56.3&nbsp;million. The Company has no forward exchange contracts in place as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and currently intends to purchase future hops
using the exchange rate at the time of purchase. These contracts were deemed necessary in order to bring hop inventory levels and purchase commitments into balance with the Company&#146;s current brewing volume and hop usage forecasts. In addition
The
Company&#146;s accounting policy for hop inventory and purchase commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve for aged hops and to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed forecasted needs. The computation of the excess
inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 cancellation costs and supply
 among others. Actual results may differ materially from management&#146;s estimates. The Company continues to manage
inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. However
 changes in management&#146;s assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix and hops market conditions could
result in future material losses. 
 



 

 2016: 



















































Hops
 barley and wheat




















































































































































































































































 contractual obligations of
$173.4&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;31
 2016. These obligations are made up of hops
 barley and wheat of $71.1&nbsp;million
 advertising contracts of $27.4&nbsp;million
 apples and other ingredients of $27.2&nbsp;million
 glass bottles of
$16.6&nbsp;million
 operating leases of $15.9&nbsp;million
The
Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend through crop year 2022 and specify both the quantities and prices
 denominated in U.S. Dollars
 Euros and New Zealand Dollars to
which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016 totaled $56.3&nbsp;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. 

 the Company has entered into contracts for barley and wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop years 2016 and 2017 and cover the
Company&#146;s barley
 wheat
 and malt requirements for 2017 and part of 2018. These purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016 totaled $14.8&nbsp;million. 

 under which Anchor
is the supplier of certain glass bottles for the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery and its Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles to other breweries where the Company brews its beers.
Under the agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments
under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable to replace lost production capacity cancelled by the Company
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 totaled $16.6&nbsp;million. 

 2016. Terms of these leases include
 in some
instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through 2022. 

 2016
 the Company brewed most all of its volume at Company-owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
the Company has historically entered into various production arrangements with other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used
in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing company specifically for the Company&#146;s beers at the brewing company&#146;s cost upon
termination of the production arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
 which are not material to the Company&#146;s operations. 
 




support of brewery operations. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 there were no significant equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes to the Company&#146;s brewing strategy or existing production arrangements
 new
production relationships or the introduction of new products in the future may require the Company to purchase equipment to support the contract breweries&#146; operations. 
See Note B of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 sheet arrangements as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. 




In the ordinary course of business
 the
Company is exposed to the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company does not enter into derivatives or other market risk sensitive instruments for the purpose of speculation or for trading purposes. Market risk sensitive
instruments include derivative financial instruments
 other financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments
 such as futures
 forwards
 swaps and options
 that are exposed to rate or price changes. 

&#148;
 and makes purchases of other
ingredients
 equipment and machinery denominated in foreign currencies. The cost of these commitments change as foreign exchange rates fluctuate. Currently
 it is not the Company&#146;s policy to hedge against foreign currency fluctuations. 

2016) or (ii)&nbsp;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.72% at December&nbsp;31
 2016) plus 0.45%
 and therefore
 subjects the Company to fluctuations in such rates. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company had no amounts outstanding under its current line
The Company applies
a sensitivity analysis to reflect the impact of a 10% hypothetical adverse change in the foreign currency rates. A potential adverse fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates could negatively impact future cash flows by approximately
$4.0&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;31
There are many economic factors that can affect volatility in foreign exchange rates. As such factors
cannot be predicted
 the actual impact on earnings due to an adverse change in the respective rates could vary substantially from the amounts calculated above. 
 






REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Boston
 Massachusetts 

 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of
December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for each of the two fiscal years in the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements based on our audits. 

plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
In our opinion
 such consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two fiscal years in the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 in conformity with
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 based on the criteria established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework (2013)&nbsp;issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February&nbsp;22
 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
Boston
 Massachusetts 

 2017 
 



 

 Inc. 

 stockholders&#146; equity and cash flows of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated results of operations and cash
flows of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 








Boston
 Massachusetts

February&nbsp;24
 2015

 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 except share data) 














December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26



































Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $0 and $244 as of December&nbsp;31
2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 respectively

















































































Property
 plant and equipment
 net



























































































































































Debt and capital lease obligations
 less current portion







































































Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value; 22
700
000 shares authorized; 9
170
956 and 9
389
005
shares issued and outstanding as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 respectively









Class&nbsp;B Common Stock
 $.01 par value; 4
200
000 shares authorized; 3
197
355 and 3
367
355
shares issued and outstanding as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 respectively





















Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax












































































 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 except per share data) 























December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27























024






















































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

































Impairment (gain on sale) of assets
 net












































































Other income (expense)
 net:



























Other expense
 net




























Total other income (expense)
 net































































































































































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:























































Total other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:


























































 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

For the Years Ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014 










































Stock






Stock






(Loss) Income









Balance at December&nbsp;28
 2013










































































Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $17
353













































































































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $455



































































Balance at December&nbsp;27
 2014











































































Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $15
350













































































































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of ($142)





































































































Balance at December&nbsp;26
 2015










































































Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $12
524













































































































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $32





































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2016









































































 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

























December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27



























































































Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment













Gain on sale of property
 plant and equipment





























































































































Prepaid expenses
 income tax receivable and other assets





























































































































Purchases of property
 plant and equipment
















Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment


























































































































































































































































































































































































































Increase (Decrease) in accounts payable for purchase of property
 plant and equipment





























 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

December&nbsp;31
A. Organization
The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and certain subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) are engaged in the business of selling
alcohol beverages throughout the United States and in selected international markets
 under the trade names &#147;The Boston Beer Company
&#148; &#147;Twisted Tea Brewing Company
&#148; &#147;Angry Orchard Cider Company&#148; and &#147;Hard Seltzer
 beers are produced and sold under the trade name &#147;The Boston Beer Company.&#148; A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a A&amp;S
Brewing (&#147;A&amp;S&#148;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 sells beer under various trade names that is produced under its own license and the Company&#146;s licenses. In 2016
 sales from A&amp;S brands were less than 5% of net
revenues
 in 2015
 sales from A&amp;S brands were less than 7% of net revenues and in 2014
 sales from A&amp;S brands were less than 2% of net revenues. 





 all of which are wholly-owned. All intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

of the Company&#146;s Samuel Adams
 Twisted Tea
 and Truly
 brands. The second is the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment which is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company
 Coney Island Brewing Company
 Angel City
Brewing Company and Concrete Beach Brewing Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to the same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar price points
and through substantially the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the operating segments
are similar in the areas outlined above
 they are aggregated for financial statements purposes. 

and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 and money market
instruments that are highly liquid investments. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost
 which approximates fair value. 
 




the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to fund economic development at the Company&#146;s Pennsylvania Brewery. The restricted cash subject to this agreement amounted to $400
000 and $456
000 at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
respectively
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
The Company&#146;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with management&#146;s estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the
allowance after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015 are adequate
 but actual write-offs could exceed the recorded
allowance. 

Company places its cash equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company&#146;s cash and cash equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S. government agency corporate money
The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers in the United States and to a network of foreign wholesalers
importers or other agencies (collectively referred to as &#147;Distributors&#148;). In 2016
 2015 and 2014
 sales to foreign Distributors were approximately 4% of total sales. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized; however
credit risk is minimized as a result of the large and diverse nature of the Company&#146;s customer base. There were no individual customer accounts receivable balances outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015 that were in
excess of 10% of the gross accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers represented more than 10% of the Company&#146;s revenues during fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014. 


 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses at December&nbsp;31
2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015. The Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 820
(&#147;ASC 820&#148;). The Company believes that the carrying amount of its cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the short-term
nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks arising from these financial assets and liabilities. 


 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing
materials and packaging

 basis) or market value. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
consist of raw materials
The provisions for excess or expired
inventory are based on management&#146;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording
additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been adequate to provide for losses on its inventory. 
 




growth
 product mix
 new products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments. The Company&#146;s
accounting policy for inventory and purchase commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#146;s expected future usage. Provision for excess or expired inventory
included in cost of goods sold was $4.5&nbsp;million
 $4.0&nbsp;million
 and $6.1&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. 
Property
Property
 plant
and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and betterments that extend the life of the property are capitalized. Some of the Company&#146;s equipment is used by other brewing
companies to produce the Company&#146;s products under brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets as follows: 






















 or the term of the production agreement
 whichever is shorter








 or the remaining useful life of the building
 whichever is shorter


 bottles and cans are shipped on pallets to
Distributors. Most kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&#146;s balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment of
beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in the Company&#146;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is refunded to
The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. The
Company believes that this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&#146;s loss experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not been material to
the financial statements. The Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held by Distributors.
These estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation by $1.1&nbsp;million
 $1.4&nbsp;million and $1.4&nbsp;million
 respectively. For the year
ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation by $0.9&nbsp;million
 $1.2&nbsp;million and $1.2&nbsp;million
 respectively. As of
December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company&#146;s balance sheet includes $14.3&nbsp;million and $17.1&nbsp;million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and pallets and $12.0&nbsp;million and $18.9&nbsp;million
respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation. 
 



 

 but evaluates the recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the fair value of its reporting units
annually at the end of the fiscal month of August
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and
December&nbsp;26
 2015. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the goodwill of the Boston Beer Company reporting unit amounted to $1.4&nbsp;million. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the goodwill of the
A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative reporting unit amounted to $2.3&nbsp;million. 

as further discussed below
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#146;s identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if an
impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values
of the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record additional depreciation in future periods
 which
Factors generally considered important which could trigger an impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets include
the following: (1)&nbsp;significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; (2)&nbsp;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the Company&#146;s overall business;
(3)&nbsp;underutilization of assets; and (4)&nbsp;discontinuance of products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
The Company provides for
deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial
statements or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than
enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided when recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than not standards as defined in ASC Topic 740
 

state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax
jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards as defined in ACS Topic 740
 
The Company is responsible for
compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the &#147;TTB&#148;) regulations which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the
TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units shipped and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. 
 



 

 less the distributor promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as discussed below in Customer
Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has
passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
conditions are met. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company has deferred $5.4&nbsp;million and $3.9&nbsp;million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior to these dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses
In certain circumstances and with the Company&#146;s approval
 the Company
accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty percent of the distributor&#146;s cost of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is
reflected in the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue; however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company could differ from the estimated accrual. 
The following expenses are
included in cost of goods sold: raw material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs relating to quality
control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs. 
Costs incurred for the shipping of
products to customers are included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The Company incurred shipping costs of $49.2&nbsp;million
 $62.2&nbsp;million
 and
$62.6&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. 

 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income: media
advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments of
 items. Total advertising and sales promotional expenditures of
$105.3&nbsp;million
 $120.1&nbsp;million
 and $100.5&nbsp;million were included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.
The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities in its Distributors&#146; markets and the Distributors make contributions to the
Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. 
Customer
programs and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these 
 




payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as
reductions to net revenue or as advertising

Revenue Recognition &#151; Customer Payments and Incentives

expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $54.4&nbsp;million
 $55.3&nbsp;million
 and $52.4&nbsp;million in fiscal year 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. 

programs in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $33.2&nbsp;million
 $33.2&nbsp;million
 and $28.5&nbsp;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. Agreed-upon discount rates
are applied to certain Distributors&#146; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions that
affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated allowance.
Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and advertising activities.
Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#146;s products may include
 and
merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $21.2&nbsp;million
$22.1&nbsp;million
 and $23.9&nbsp;million
 respectively. In 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of $16.1&nbsp;million
 $16.6&nbsp;million
 and $18.7&nbsp;million
 respectively as reductions to net
revenue. Costs recognized as reduction to net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point
of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets. 

administrative salary and benefit expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for general and administrative employees
 and other general and administrative overhead
The Company
accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718
(&#147;ASC 718&#148;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on fair
value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award (the requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive income is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
As permitted by ASC 718
 the
Company elected to use a lattice model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 and 2016 stock option grants to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is
considered to be a market-based award and was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. See Note L for further
discussion of the application of the option-pricing models. 

 method
 whichever is more
dilutive. 
 



 




 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the
expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 is to be applied
retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company
 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August
2015

 defers the effective
 for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December&nbsp;31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January&nbsp;1




Inventory (Topic 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of
 is part of the FASB&#146;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of the standard at the lower of cost or
net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of completion
 will be
effective prospectively for the year beginning January&nbsp;1
 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not have a significant impact on
In November 2015

Balance Sheet
 is part of the FASB&#146;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax
liabilities as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 
will be effective for the year beginning January&nbsp;1
 As of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company had
$7.4&nbsp;million and $7.0&nbsp;million
 respectively
 of current deferred tax assets on the consolidated balance sheets that would be classified as noncurrent under the new guidance. 


. The guidance requires lessees to
 will be effective retrospectively for the year
beginning December&nbsp;30
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company had $15.9&nbsp;million and $17.5&nbsp;million
 respectively
 of contractual obligation on lease agreements that
In March
 2016
 the FASB issued ASU

Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
 is part of the FASB&#146;s initiative to
simplify accounting standards. The guidance impacts several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including accounting for income taxes and forfeitures
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.


statement of operations in the reporting period in which they occur. Additionally


 will be effective for the year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2017 and may be applied retrospectively or prospectively. The impact ASU 
will have on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements will mainly depend on unpredictable future events
 including the timing and value realized upon exercise of stock 
 




options versus the fair value when those options were granted. For the 2016 and 2015 fiscal years
 the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements was $12.5&nbsp;million and
$15.4&nbsp;million
 respectively. 

 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 apple juice
 other brewing
materials and packaging
 are stated at the lower of cost

 basis


 in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. Inventories are generally classified as current assets. The Company
classifies hops inventory in excess of two years of forecasted usage in other long term assets. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventories
consisted of the following: 














December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26





































































































































December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26

































































































































E. Property
 Plant and Equipment 

 plant and equipment consisted of the following: 














December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26


























































































































































 




$43.4&nbsp;million
 and $34.8&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. 

 2015
 and 2014
the Company recorded impairment charges of $0.7&nbsp;million
 $0.3&nbsp;million
 and $1.8&nbsp;million
Gain on Sale of Assets
During 2016
 the Company recognized a $1.0&nbsp;million gain on the sale of land owned in Freetown
 Massachusetts. 
Goodwill represents the excess of the
The following table
summarizes the Company&#146;s changes to the carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-three weeks ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 (in thousands): 





























December&nbsp;26






December&nbsp;31













































December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26




























Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements











Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses




















































































































March&nbsp;31
 2019. The Company may elect an interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility based on either (i)&nbsp;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.75% at December&nbsp;31
 2016) or (ii)&nbsp;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.72% at
December&nbsp;31
 2016) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the unused portion of the facility and is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
 which are measured using earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation
and amortization (&#147;EBITDA&#148;) based ratios. The 
 




Company&#146;s EBITDA to interest expense ratio was 11
352 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 compared to a minimum allowable ratio of 2.00 and the Company&#146;s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was
0.00 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 compared to a maximum allowable ratio of 2.50. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015. There were no borrowings outstanding under the
credit facility as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
There are also certain restrictive covenants set forth in the credit agreement.
Pursuant to the negative covenants
 the Company has agreed that it will not: enter into any indebtedness or guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any sale and leaseback transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of
significant assets without the lender&#146;s prior written consent
 make or maintain any investments other than those permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions with affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business. In
addition
 the credit agreement requires the Company to obtain prior written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock or other equity interests with the exception of the
following: (a)&nbsp;distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
 (b) repurchase from former employees of
 investment shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 issued under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and (c)&nbsp;redemption of shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors
and payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock. Borrowings under the credit facility may be used for working capital
 capital expenditures and general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. In the event of a default
that has not been cured
I. Income
Taxes 



















































































































































































































































































State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

































































































 



 















December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26











































































































































Property
 plant and equipment






















































































The Company&#146;s practice is to classify interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.
Interest and penalties included in the provision for income taxes amounted to $0.0&nbsp;million
 $0.1&nbsp;million
 and $0.0&nbsp;million for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. Accrued interest and penalties amounted to
$0.3&nbsp;million and $0.4&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending
amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 








































































































Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015 are potential net
benefits of $0.5&nbsp;million and $0.4&nbsp;million
 respectively
 that would favorably impact the effective tax rate if recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and
As of
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company&#146;s 2013
 2014 and 2015 federal income tax returns remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;). The Company&#146;s state income tax returns remain subject to examination for
three or four years depending on the state&#146;s statute of limitations. The Company is being audited by two states as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. In addition
 the Company is generally obligated to report changes in taxable income arising from
It is reasonably possible that the Company&#146;s unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in 2017 if there is a
completion of certain income tax audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate the range of such possible 
 




changes. The Company does not expect that any potential changes would have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 

 2016
 the Company&#146;s deferred tax assets include a capital loss carryforward. The capital loss carryforward
 totaling
$1.7&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 which if unused
 will expire in year 2019. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company recorded a net valuation allowance release of $0.3&nbsp;million due to a decrease in the deferred tax
The Company&#146;s short term income tax receivable as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 of $14.1&nbsp;million in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets is primarily due to the 
 being enacted after 2015 corporate estimated tax payments were due on December&nbsp;15
 2015. These tax extenders allow the
Company to claim accelerated tax depreciation on qualified property
 plant
 and equipment additions
 and the research&nbsp;&amp; development tax credit on the 2015 federal corporate income tax return. The Company applied with the IRS for a
$12.0&nbsp;million quick refund of overpayment of estimate tax
J. Commitments and
The
 contractual obligations of $173.4&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;31
 2016. These obligations are made up of hops
 barley and wheat totaling $71.1&nbsp;million
advertising contracts of $27.4&nbsp;million
 apples and other ingredients of $27.2&nbsp;million
 glass bottles of $16.6&nbsp;million
 operating leases of $15.9&nbsp;million
 equipment and machinery of $10.7&nbsp;million
 and other commitments of
$4.5&nbsp;million. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 projected cash outflows under contractual obligations for the remaining years under the contracts are as follows: 

































































Hops
 barley and wheat










































































































































































































































































































































The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend
through crop year 2022 and specify both the quantities and prices
 denominated in U.S.&nbsp;Dollar
 Euros and New Zealand Dollars
 to which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016 totaled
$56.3&nbsp;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The Company does not use forward currency exchange contracts and intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time of purchase. 

 the Company has entered into contracts for barley and wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop years 2016 and 2017 and cover the
Company&#146;s barley
 wheat
 and malt requirements for 2017 and part of 2018. These purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016 totaled $14.8&nbsp;million. 

under which Anchor is the supplier of certain glass bottles for the 
 




Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery and its Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles to other breweries where the Company brews its
beers. Under the agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled. Minimum purchase
commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable to replace lost production capacity cancelled by the Company
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 totaled $16.6&nbsp;million. 

 2016. Terms of these leases include
 in some
instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through 2022. Aggregate rent expense was $3.8&nbsp;million
 $3.4&nbsp;million
 and
$3.2&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company brewed over 95% of
its core brands volume at Company-owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has historically entered into various production arrangements with other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases
the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing company
specifically for the Company&#146;s beers at the brewing company&#146;s cost upon termination of the production arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
 which
The Company&#146;s arrangements with other brewing companies require it to periodically purchase
equipment in support of brewery operations. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 there were no significant equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes to the Company&#146;s brewing strategy or existing production
arrangements
 new production relationships or the introduction of new products in the future may require the Company to purchase equipment to support the contract breweries&#146; operations. 
The Company is currently not a party
to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 
The Company defines fair value as
the price that would be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs
used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level&nbsp;1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level&nbsp;3 measurements). 













 either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a
specified (contractual) term
 a Level&nbsp;2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 






 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. 
 




been segregated into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date. The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized in the
table below (in thousands): 






















As of December&nbsp;31
 2016



























































As of December&nbsp;26
 2015





















































The Company&#146;s cash equivalents listed above represent money market mutual fund securities and are classified within
Level&nbsp;1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices.&nbsp;The money market funds were invested substantially in United States Treasury and government securities. The Company does not adjust the quoted market
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist principally of cash and cash
equivalents held in money market funds. At December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company had money market funds with a &#147;Triple A&#148; rated money market fund. The Company considers the &#147;Triple A&#148; rated money market
fund to be a large
 highly-rated investment-grade institution. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company&#146;s cash and cash equivalents balance was $91.0&nbsp;million and $94.2&nbsp;million
 respectively
 including money
market funds amounting to $90.0&nbsp;million and $88.1&nbsp;million
Cash
 certificates of deposit
 receivables and payables are carried at
their cost
 which approximates fair value
 because of their short-term nature. Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below (in thousands): 























As of December&nbsp;31
 2016







































As of December&nbsp;26
 2015

































The Company&#146;s note payable listed above represents a term note agreement with Bank of America N.A and is classified
within Level&nbsp;2 of the fair value hierarchy because it is valued using observable inputs. The note has a maturity date of December&nbsp;31
 2021 and the interest rate is fixed at an annual rate of 4.25%. 

The Class&nbsp;A Common
Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&nbsp;as required by law
 (2)&nbsp;for the election of Class&nbsp;A Directors
 and (3)&nbsp;that the approval of the holders of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is required for (a)&nbsp;certain future
authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 (b)&nbsp;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&nbsp;A or Class&nbsp;B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of Organization
of the Company
 (c)&nbsp;other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&nbsp;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and (e)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the
Company&#146;s assets. 
 



 

 including the right to (1)&nbsp;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors
and (2)&nbsp;approve all (a)&nbsp;amendments to the Company&#146;s Articles of Organization
 (b)&nbsp;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s
assets
 and (d)&nbsp;equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate matters. The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is freely convertible into
one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 upon request of any Class&nbsp;B holder
All distributions with respect to
the Company&#146;s capital stock are restricted by the Company&#146;s credit agreement
 with the exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former
 investment shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock issued under the Company&#146;s equity incentive plan
 redemption of certain shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as approved by the Board
of Directors and payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock. 

awards to employees
 and provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company
 based on recommendations
received from the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors. In determining the quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation Committee periodically reviews the
objectives of the Company&#146;s compensation system and takes into account the position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the nature and value to the Company of his or her service and accomplishments
 his or her present and
potential contributions to the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems relevant. 

 but generally vest ratably over five-year
periods and
 with respect to certain options granted to members of senior management
 based on the Company&#146;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual term of stock options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors may grant options
 term. During fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company granted options to purchase 786
450
 18
723
 and 7
090 shares
 respectively
 of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock to employees at
market price on the grant dates. Of the 2016 option grants
 574
507 shares relate to a special long-term service-based retention stock option issued to the Chief Executive Officer
 173
135 shares relate to other special long-term service-based
retention stock options and 38
808 shares relate to performance-based stock options. Of the 2015 option grants
 14
742 shares relate to performance-based option grants and 3
981 relate to special long-term service-based retention stock options. Of
the 2014 option grants
On January&nbsp;1
 2017
 the Company granted options to purchase an
aggregate of 5
185 shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a weighted average fair value of $81.95 per share
 of which all shares relate to performance-based stock options. 

 2015
 and 2014
 the Company granted 21
653
 6
092
and 16
432 shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key employees
 all of which are service-based and vest ratably over service periods of three to five years. 

Class&nbsp;A Common Stock at a discount from current market 
 




value of 0% to 40%
 based on the employee&#146;s tenure with the Company. Investment shares vest ratably over service periods of five years. Participants may pay for these shares either up front
or through payroll deductions over an eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 employees elected to purchase an aggregate of 9
199
 8
301
 and 8
516 investment shares
 respectively. 

 2017
 the Company granted 12
358 shares of restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key employees of which all shares vest
ratably over service periods of five years. On January&nbsp;1
 2017
 employees elected to purchase 9
The
Company has reserved 6.7&nbsp;million shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Equity Plan
 of which 0.7&nbsp;million shares were available for grant as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. Shares reserved for issuance under cancelled
employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares from employees who have left the Company at the lesser of
(i)&nbsp;the price paid for the shares when the employee acquired the shares or (ii)&nbsp;the fair market value of the shares as of the date next preceding the date on which the shares are called for redemption by the Company. These shares are also
 Director Options


 director of the Company is granted an option to purchase shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A
 directors vest upon grant and have a maximum contractual term
of ten years. During fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014 the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 14
040
 5
640
 and 6
696 shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock to 
directors


 of which 0.1&nbsp;million shares were available for grant as of December&nbsp;31
 directors&#146; stock options are
Option Activity
 Director Plan is
summarized as follows: 


































Outstanding at December&nbsp;26
 2015



127













































































































Outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016



348


































Exercisable at December&nbsp;31
 2016





































Vested and expected to vest at December&nbsp;31
 2016





































 




 2016
 72
573 shares were performance-based options granted
to multiple key employees and 574
507 shares were service-based options granted to the Chief Executive Officer that are not expected to vest as a result of the planned retirement in 2018. 
On
January&nbsp;1
 2008
 the Company granted the Chief Executive Officer an option to purchase 753
864 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on January&nbsp;1
 2014
 at the rate of 20% per year. The
exercise price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by the aggregate change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after January&nbsp;1
 2008 through the close of business on the trading date next preceding each date on which the option is exercised.
The exercise price will not be less than $37.65 per share and the excess of the fair value of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock cannot exceed $70 per share over the exercise price. At December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
301
546 shares and 452
319 shares of the stock option remained outstanding
 respectively. If the outstanding shares at December&nbsp;31
 2016 were exercised on that date
 the exercise price would have been $99.85 per share. If the outstanding shares
at December&nbsp;26
 2015 were exercised on that date
 the exercise price would have been $135.40 per share. Reflected in the table above is the minimum exercise price of $37.65. The Company is accounting for this award as a market-based award which
was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the Company
calculated the weighted average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.3
 $0.5
 and $0.7
 million related to this option in the fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. 

 2016
 the Company granted the Chief Executive Officer an option to purchase 574
507 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 which vests
over a five-year period
 commencing on January&nbsp;1
 2019
 at the rate of 20% per year. The exercise price is determined by multiplying $201.91 by the aggregate percentage change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after January&nbsp;1
 2016
through the close of business on the trading date next preceding each date on which the option is exercised
 plus an additional 1.5 percentage points per annum
 prorated for partial years. The exercise price will not be less than $201.91 per share
and the excess of the fair value of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock cannot exceed $150 per share over the exercise price. At December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the stock option remained unexercised as to 574
507 shares. If the stock option had
been exercised on December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the exercise price would have been $226.72 per share. The Company is accounting for this award as a market-based award which was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates
multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated the weighted average fair value per share to be $39.16. As a result of the
Chief Executive Officer&#146;s planned retirement in 2018
 the Company estimated a 100% forfeiture rate related to this grant and in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 the Company reversed a total of $3.6&nbsp;million in stock-based compensation
expense that had been recorded during the first three quarters of fiscal 2016. 

of comprehensive income: 
































Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses














































































Amounts related to performance-based stock awards included in total stock-based compensation
expense




























 




 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate
the fair values of stock options. The Company believes that the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is less effective than the binomial option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it assumes that volatility and interest rates are constant
over the life of the option. In addition
 the Company believes that the binomial option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair value of its stock awards
 as it takes into account historical employee exercise patterns based on changes in the
Company&#146;s stock price and other relevant variables. The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during 2016
 2015
 and 2014 was $87.70
 $128.54
 and $106.81 per share
 respectively
 as calculated using a binomial option-pricing
model. This excludes the January&nbsp;1
 2016 stock options granted to the Chief Executive Officer with a weighted-average fair value of $39.16
 as calculated using the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model. 


































































































Expected volatility is based on the Company&#146;s historical realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate represents the
 yield curve over the contractual term of the option when using the binomial option-pricing model. Expected dividend yield is 0% because the Company
has not paid dividends in the past and currently has no known intention to do so in the future. Exercise factor and discount for post-vesting restrictions are based on the Company&#146;s historical experience. 

The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in recognizing stock-based compensation expense
for awards that vest based on service conditions. For awards that vest subject to performance conditions
 compensation expense is recognized ratably for each tranche of the award over the performance period if it is probable that performance
Under ASC 718
 compensation expense is recognized less estimated forfeitures. Because most of the Company&#146;s equity awards
 each year
 the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to those awards


 the estimated forfeiture rate used was 5.0%
 with the exception of the Chief Executive Officer&#146;s 2016 equity award which used a 100% forfeiture rate as a result of the planned retirement in
2018. The forfeiture rate was based upon historical experience and the Company periodically reviews this rate to ensure proper projection of future forfeitures. 

 2015
 and 2014 was $9.9&nbsp;million
 $4.1&nbsp;million
 and $3.8&nbsp;million
 respectively. The
aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2016
 2015
 and 2014 was $52.7&nbsp;million
 $37.7&nbsp;million
 and $45.8&nbsp;million
 respectively. 
 




 2016
 there is $23.0&nbsp;million of unrecognized
compensation costs
 net of estimated forfeitures
 related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements that are expected to vest. Such costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.09 years. The following table
summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based compensation expense related to share-based arrangements existing as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 that are expected to vest (in thousands): 




























































































 at December&nbsp;26
 2015





















































 at December&nbsp;31
 2016



















19
740 shares vested in 2016 with a weighted average fair value of $114.12. 25
732 shares vested in 2015 with a weighted
average fair value of $79.44. 38
329 shares vested in 2014 with a weighted average fair value of $53.82. 

 the Board of Directors authorized management to implement a stock repurchase program. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company has repurchased a
cumulative total of approximately 12.5&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $607.8&nbsp;million as follows: 




























Repurchased at December&nbsp;28
 2013



892






























Repurchased at December&nbsp;27
 2014



921






























Repurchased at December&nbsp;26
 2015



538






























Repurchased at December&nbsp;31
 2016



483


















 



 
 employees; two other retirement plans
 one of
which covers substantially all union employees
 and the other of which covers employees of a specific union; and post-retirement medical benefits covering substantially all union employees. 


 which was established by the Company in 1993
 is a Company-sponsored defined
 employees who are employed by Boston Beer Corporation
 American Craft Brewery LLC
 A&nbsp;&amp; S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 or Angry
Orchard Cider Company
 employees of these entities are eligible to participate in the Plan immediately upon employment. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their
annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. The Company matches each participant&#146;s contribution. A maximum of 6% of compensation is taken into account in determining the amount of the match. The Company matches 100% of the first $1
000 of
the eligible compensation participants contribute. Thereafter
 the Company matches 50% of the eligible contribution. The Company&#146;s contributions to the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan amounted to $3.5&nbsp;million and $3.0&nbsp;million in fiscal years
2016 and 2015
 respectively. The basic annual administrative fee for the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#146;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment Agreement
 a credit up to a maximum of two basis
points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available for paying eligible Plan expenses. Participant forfeitures are also available for paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the payment of any
additional fees related to the management of the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company. 

It was established in 1997 and is available to all union employees upon commencement of employment or
 if later
 attaining age 21. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation to the SACB 401(k) Plan
 subject
to IRS limitations. Company contributions for fiscal 2016 and 2015 were insignificant. The basic annual administrative fee for the SACB 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#146;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment
Agreement
 a credit up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year
 excluding participant loans
 is available for paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the payment of any
The Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd.
Local Union No.&nbsp;1199 Pension Plan (the &#147;Local 1199 Pension Plan&#148;) is a Company-sponsored defined benefit pension plan. It was established in 1991 and is open to all union employees who are covered by the Company&#146;s collective
bargaining agreement with Teamsters Local Union No.&nbsp;1199 (&#147;Local Union #1199&#148;)
 or persons on leave from the Company who are employed by Local Union #1199
 and in either case who have completed 12 consecutive months of employment with
at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit is determined based on years of service since July 1991. The Company made contributions of $219
000 and $188
000 in 2016 and 2015 respectively. At December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the
unfunded projected pension benefits were $1.9&nbsp;million and $1.6&nbsp;million
The Company provides a supplement to eligible retirees
from Local #1
 Local #20
 and Local Union #1199 to assist them with the cost of Medicare gap coverage after their retirement on account of age or permanent disability. To qualify for this benefit (collectively
 the &#147;Retiree Medical Plan&#148;)
an employee must have worked for at least 20 years for the Company or its predecessor at the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery
 must have been enrolled in the Company&#146;s group medical insurance plan for at least 5 years before retirement and
 in
the case of retirees from Local #20
 for at least 7 of the last 10 years of their employment
 and must be eligible for Medicare benefits under the Social Security Act. The accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation was determined using a
discount rate of 4.25% at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 4.5% at December&nbsp;26
 2015 and a 2.5% health care cost 
 




increase based on the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for the years 2016
 2015
 and 2014. The effect of a 1% point increase and the effect of a 1% point decrease in the assumed health care cost
trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic post-retirement health care benefit costs and on the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for health care benefits would not be significant. 

 the comprehensive medical plan offered to currently employed members of Local #20 remains available to them should they retire after reaching age
57
 and before reaching age 65
 with at least 20 years of service with the Company or its predecessor at the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery. These eligible retirees may choose to continue to be covered under the Company&#146;s comprehensive group
medical plan until they reach the age when they are eligible for Medicare health benefits under the Social Security Act or coverage under a comparable State health benefit plan. Eligible retirees pay 100% of the cost of the coverage. 
































December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26





















































































































The Local 1199 Pension Plan invests in a family of funds designed to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on
consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&#146; investment objectives. The fund-specific objectives vary and include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital
appreciation plus income
 and investing in funds that invest in common stock of companies that cover a broad range of industries. The Local 1199 Plan&#146;s investments are considered category 1 assets in the fair value hierarchy and the fair values
The basis of the long-term rate of return
assumption of 6.5% reflects the Local 1199 Plan&#146;s current targeted asset mix of approximately 35% debt securities and 65% equity securities with assumed average annual returns of approximately 3% to 6% for debt securities and 8% to 12% for
equity securities. It is assumed that the Local 1199 Pension Plan&#146;s investment portfolio will be adjusted periodically to maintain the targeted ratios of debt securities and equity securities. Additional consideration is given to the Local 1199
Plan&#146;s historical returns as well as future long-range projections of investment returns for each asset category. The assumed discount rate in estimating the pension obligation was 4.25% and 4.50% at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;26
2015
 respectively. 















December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26





















































 



 
The following
table sets forth the computation of basic net income per share using the 


















December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27





(in thousands
 except per share data)





































































































































































































































































































000 shares to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on May&nbsp;6
 2015
 100
000 shares to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on October&nbsp;26
 2015
 125
000 shares
to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on November&nbsp;4
 2016 and 45
000 shares to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on November&nbsp;30
 2016
 with the ending number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the period. 
The Company
calculates diluted net income per share for common stock using the more dilutive of (1)&nbsp;the treasury stock method
 method
 which assumes the participating securities are not
The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class&nbsp;B
Common Stock into Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and using the 


















Fifty-three&nbsp;weeks&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016















(in&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;data)












































































































 





















 weeks ended December&nbsp;26
 2015















(in thousands
 except per share data)


















































































































 weeks ended December&nbsp;27
 2014















(in thousands
 except per share data)












































































































Basic net income per common share for each share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is $6.93
 $7.46
and $6.96 for the fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively


options to purchase 712
000
 16
000
 and 11
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 but not included in computing diluted income per share because their effects were anti-dilutive.
Additionally
 performance-based stock options to purchase 35
000
 15
000
 and 30
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 but not included in computing dilutive income per share
because the performance criteria of these stock options were not met as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 December&nbsp;26
 2015
 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 respectively. 
 



 

pension plan and post-retirement medical plan
 net of tax effect and currency translation adjustments. Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial losses or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net periodic
benefit costs and currency translation adjustments. The following table details the changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income for 2016
 2015
 and 2014 (in thousands): 














Balance at December&nbsp;28
 2013





Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes of $466





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($11)











Balance at December&nbsp;27
 2014












Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes of ($99)





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($43)

















Balance at December&nbsp;26
 2015











Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes of ($69)





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of $101

















Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2016













maintains reserves against accounts receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses. 

























































































































































































 






































































































































































































As
disclosed in Note L
 on January&nbsp;1
 2017 the Company granted stock options and restricted stock awards and employees elected to purchase shares under the investment share purchase program. 
 filed with the SEC on February&nbsp;6
 2017
 the Company announcement the planned retirement
The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after the balance sheet date
 December&nbsp;31
 2016
and concluded that there was no event of which management was aware that occurred after the balance sheet date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
The Company&#146;s
fiscal quarters are consistently determined year to year and generally consist of 13 weeks
 except in those fiscal years in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&#146;s opinion
 the
following unaudited information includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily
indicative of results for any future quarters. 











































December&nbsp;31



September&nbsp;24



June&nbsp;25



March&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;26



September&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



March&nbsp;28































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 the Company recorded a $3.6&nbsp;million decrease in stock-based compensation expense related to the planned retirement of the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer in 2018.

 













 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) as of
the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation
 the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in alerting them in a
timely manner to material information required to be disclosed in the Company&#146;s reports filed with or submitted to the SEC. 


 as such term is defined in
 The Company&#146;s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company&#146;s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and
The Company&#146;s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over
financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. In making this assessment

Framework (2013 framework)
 the Company believes that
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 

 2016 has been audited by Deloitte&nbsp;&amp; Touche
LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 



 

 Inc. 

We have audited the internal control
over financial reporting of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 based on criteria established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework (2013)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company&#146;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&#146;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the company&#146;s board of directors
 management
 and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets
Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls
 material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 based on
the criteria established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework (2013)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated financial statements
as of and for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 of the Company and our report dated February&nbsp;22
 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
Boston
 Massachusetts 

 2017 
 



 

 2016 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 








Directors
In December 2002
 the Board of
Directors of the Company adopted a (i)&nbsp;Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer
 and (ii)&nbsp;Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was
amended effective August&nbsp;1
 2007 to provide for a third-party whistleblower hotline. These
 as well as the charters of each of the Board Committees
 are posted on the Company&#146;s website
 
 and are available in print
to any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be directed to the Investor Relations Department
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 MA 02210. The Company intends to disclose any amendment to
 or
waiver from


hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;18
 2017. 



The Information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by
reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;18
 2017. 




The
information required by Item 12 with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting to be held on
May&nbsp;18
 2017. 



















Outstanding&nbsp;Options



Outstanding&nbsp;Options










348












































348


























 






Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The
information required by Item&nbsp;13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;18
 2017. 




The information required by Item&nbsp;14 is
hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;
18
 2017. 






























Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;
26
 2015





Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 December&nbsp;26
 2015
 and December&nbsp;27
 2014





Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 December&nbsp;26
 2015
 and December&nbsp;27
 2014





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;
31
 2016
 December&nbsp;26
 2015
 and December&nbsp;27
 2014












because they are inapplicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements
 or notes thereto
 included herein. 



The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Form
















 of the Company
 dated June&nbsp;2
 filed on
August&nbsp;10
 1998).







 dated November&nbsp;17
 1995
 as amended August&nbsp;4
 filed
on August&nbsp;10
 1998).














 Jr.
 effective December&nbsp;1


 















 dated as of December
 1995
 among The Boston Beer Company


April&nbsp;1
 1996).







 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 as Borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 to Fleet National Bank)
 effective as of July&nbsp;1
 2002 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s


 2002).







 2004 amending the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A. 
to Fleet National Bank) and The Boston Beer Company


 2004).







 2007 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A.
 to Fleet
National Bank
 and The Boston Beer Company
 filed on March&nbsp;15
 2007).







 as borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as the lender
 effective as of March&nbsp;10
 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s
 filed on May&nbsp;6
 2008).







 Ltd. and Brown-Forman Distillery Company
 a division of Brown-Forman Corporation
 effective as of April&nbsp;11


 2005).







 LLC and Boston Beer Corporation dated March&nbsp;28
 2007 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form
 filed on May&nbsp;10
 2007).







 2006 (&#147;Office Lease Agreement&#148;)
 as amended on September&nbsp;29
 2006
 October&nbsp;31
 2007
 March&nbsp;25
 2008
August&nbsp;27
 2012
 February&nbsp;22
 2013
 and June&nbsp;3
 filed on May&nbsp;11


 2016).







 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 
filed on May&nbsp;6
 2008).






 Directors
 originally adopted in 1996 and amended and restated on October&nbsp;19
 2004
 as amended on October&nbsp;30
 2009
 effective as of
January&nbsp;1
 filed on November&nbsp;28
 2009); amended and restated on
December&nbsp;12
 2012
 effective as of January&nbsp;1
 2012; amended and restated on March&nbsp;9
 2016
 effective as of March&nbsp;9


 2016).







 2014 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A.
 to Fleet
National Bank
 and The Boston Beer Company
 filed on January&nbsp;28
 2014).







 Inc. Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended on February&nbsp;23
 1996
 December&nbsp;20
 1997
 December&nbsp;19
 2005
 December&nbsp;19
 2006
 December&nbsp;21
 2007
 October&nbsp;30
 2009
October&nbsp;8
 2013
 October&nbsp;8
 2014
 and December&nbsp;9
 filed on February&nbsp;18
2016).
 















 2016 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 
filed on February&nbsp;18
 2016).







 Senior Vice President
 Finance dated December&nbsp;15
 filed on
February&nbsp;18
 2016).







 Senior Vice President
 Supply Chain dated December&nbsp;18
 filed on
February&nbsp;18
 2016).







 filed on February&nbsp;6
 2017)







 filed on
February&nbsp;6
 2017)







 Chief Marketing Officer
 dated June&nbsp;7
 2016.














 Inc. effective as of December&nbsp;31
 2016.







 an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.







 an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.






 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002.






 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.







 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.







 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
























































 



 

 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 on this 22





 INC.








Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this report below. 

















 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Director

















































































 













 

 2016 


 CT 06840 

 Inc.
 reporting directly to me. This position will be based in
Boston. The following are the parameters of our offer: 

















 $475
000
 installments
 subject to applicable payroll and withholding taxes. 






 50% of paid salary each calendar year. The bonus will be tied to Company Goals that are determined annually. Bonuses are paid on calendar year performance and you must be
employed on December 31st of the applicable year to receive the bonus. Bonus multiplier of 1.5x is available for significant performance above Target. Bonus payout for 2016 performance is currently projected to be significantly below Target due to
current brand trends
 thus no bonus payout should be expected for this calendar year. 





 You will be granted options for Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. valued at approximately $2
750
000 (accounting value of the options &#151; estimated to be
approximately 37
500 options at current stock price). The Option will be granted on the third business day after the first release of quarterly financial results following the date on which you commenced full-time employment (our next results dates
are end of July and end of October). The number of shares will be determined based on the market price on the day prior to the date of grant and the per share exercise price will be that market price. 


















































 as is the
case with other Company senior officers. Discretionary option awards are generally granted effective January&nbsp;1 each year and are based on Company and individual performance. Vesting of discretionary options is frequently both time- and
performance-based. Due to the size of the initial grant in this offer
 you should not expect any further awards to occur prior to January&nbsp;1
 2018
 at the earliest. 


 

 2016 






 At the same time that you will receive your Option grant
 you will be granted restricted stock in The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. valued at $600
000. The actual number of shares to be
granted will be determined based on the market price on the day prior to the date of grant. 





 each year on the first
 second and third anniversary of your date of grant. 






$250
000.00
 payable in a lump sum on date of the first regular payroll in March 2017
 repayable on a prorated basis should you voluntarily resign or be terminated for cause within 12 months
following such payment. 





 Your performance will be formally reviewed on an annual basis and any adjustment to compensation may require approval of the Compensation Committee. Adjustments
generally take effect as of January 1. 





:&nbsp;Provided you agree to the Company&#146;s Relocation Payback guidelines included with this offer and relocate to the Boston area by the end of 2017
 the Company will provide you with the
following relocation assistance: 





 Reimbursement of third party agent commission up to 6%.&nbsp;Legal fees will be reimbursed (maximum of $2
000). 







 the Company has a program which may
 in some circumstances
 provide you with some tax savings related to the transaction.&nbsp;When the time comes to place your house
on the market
 







 including but not limited to
 covering a negative equity position
 of
property
 etc. 





 &#151; Purchase closing costs normally paid by the purchaser up to a maximum of 1% of the value of the loan.&nbsp;Mortgage loan points are not reimbursed.







 including but not limited to equity loans
 advanced pay
 etc. 






 &#151; reasonable number of trips for you and your spouse including food
 lodging and transportation (utilizing the Company&#146;s travel agency to the extent practicable). 













 &#151; lodging and reasonable commuting expenses for roundtrip travel to the Boston office from your home in Connecticut through June&nbsp;30
 2017.






 &#151; moving company will pack and move ordinary household goods
 and two (2)&nbsp;vehicles. 












 &#151; reimbursement of actual out of pocket expenses incurred during your move
 including but not limited to application fees
 driver&#146;s
license fee
 car registration fees and utility 


 

 2016 






 During the first two (2)&nbsp;years of your employment
 in addition to 10 company holidays
 you will be eligible for seventeen (17)&nbsp;PTO days per year
 accruing at 2.62 hours /
week
 during your first year of employment. On your second anniversary
 (22)&nbsp;PTO days per year
 accruing
at 3.38 hours / week. You will begin accruing PTO immediately
 and we encourage you to take all of this time within the calendar year in which accrued. 





 You will be eligible to participate in the Company&#146;s medical and dental programs upon your first day of employment with us. You will be eligible to participate in our 401(k) plan at the
beginning of the month following your start date. Enclosed you will find a more detailed description of our benefits package and payroll information. You should complete the enclosed forms and send them to
 Lim
 VP of Human Resources
 at the above address prior to your first day of employment with us. If you have specific questions regarding your benefits
 you may contact








 Enclosed are two (2)&nbsp;copies of an Employment Agreement
 which includes
 among other provisions
 an agreement to protect the Company&#146;s proprietary and confidential
 Lim. You will receive a
fully-executed copy of the agreement for your files after your start date. 





 Your employment is
 and will at all times remain
 at will
 meaning that you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time
 with or
without cause
 for any reason or for no reason. It also means that
 if your employment is terminated by the Company


 your compensation
 equity grants
 and biographical
information may be disclosed publicly in our proxy statement and other public documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also
 all aspects of your compensation may be subject to Compensation Committee review and approval from time
All employees are expected to abide by our
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Insider Trading Policy (copies of which are enclosed)
 and such other policies as are in place or may be adopted from time to time by the Company. 
 Lim by



 as well as your signing the Employment Agreement in the form enclosed with this letter. 

 we are delighted to extend this offer and hope you decide to join us. I look forward to working with you as together we grow this company. 

 



 

 2016 





























June 15
 2016





















 

The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. 
December&nbsp;31
A&amp;S Brewing
Collaborative LLC 
(a Massachusetts limited liability
Angry Orchard Cider Company
(a Delaware
(a
Boston Beer Corporation Canada
 Inc. 
Boston Brewing Company
 Inc.
Freetown Acquisition
Company
 LLC 

(a Delaware limited liability
Providence Street Associates
(an Ohio
SABC Realty
(an Ohio
(a Delaware
limited liability company) 














 

333-68531


333-163315
333-12221
333-85110


333-121057
333-140250
333-148374


 of our reports dated February&nbsp;22
 2017
 relating to the 2016 consolidated financial
statements of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 and the effectiveness of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
 of The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. 

February&nbsp;22
 2017 













 







 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN





 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN





 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY


 




 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN





 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY


 




 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY


 




 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN





 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY


 




 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN





 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 and





 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN of The
Boston Beer Company
of our report dated February&nbsp;24
 2015
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc.
 for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 of the Boston Beer Company
 Inc. for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. 
Boston
 Massachusetts 

 2017 













 

 Martin F. Roper
1. I have reviewed this
 of The Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The


and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2017 

























 

 Frank H. Smalla
1. I have reviewed this
 of The Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The


and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2017 

























 

 Inc. 
18
U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 


 for the
period ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Martin F. Roper
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of
Title 18
 United States Code
 that this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the
Date: February&nbsp;22
 2017 










A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 













 

 Inc. 
18
U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 


 for the
period ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Frank H. Smalla
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United
States Code
 that this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
Date: February&nbsp;22
 2017 










A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;G. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued deposits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
367&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
562&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Deferred revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
381&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued stale beer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued sales and use tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
437&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued excise taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
976&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued freight&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
874&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and Sales Promotions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing
 expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and
 entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support
 workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related
 to shipments of finished goods from manufacturing locations to
 distributor locations and &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;point-of-sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; items. Total
 advertising and sales promotional expenditures of
 $105.3&amp;#xA0;million
 $120.1&amp;#xA0;million
 and $100.5&amp;#xA0;million
 were included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in
 the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&amp;#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 included cash &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;on-hand&lt;/font&gt; and money market instruments
 that are highly liquid investments. Cash and cash equivalents are
 carried at cost
 which approximates fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company has restricted cash associated with a term note
 agreement with Bank of America that was required by the
 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to fund economic development at the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Pennsylvania Brewery. The restricted cash subject
 to this agreement amounted to $400
000 and $456
000 at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 respectively
 and is included in other assets on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated
 Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;J. Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Contractual Obligations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company had outstanding total &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/font&gt; contractual obligations
 of $173.4&amp;#xA0;million at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. These obligations
 are made up of hops
 barley and wheat totaling $71.1&amp;#xA0;million
 advertising contracts of $27.4&amp;#xA0;million
 apples and other
 ingredients of $27.2&amp;#xA0;million
 glass bottles of
 $16.6&amp;#xA0;million
 operating leases of $15.9&amp;#xA0;million
 equipment and machinery of $10.7&amp;#xA0;million
 and other
 commitments of $4.5&amp;#xA0;million. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 projected cash outflows under contractual obligations for the
 remaining years under the contracts are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=26 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payments Due by Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Thereafter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=26 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Hops
 barley and wheat&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
552&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
739&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Apples and other ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Glass bottles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
551&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
551&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
965&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
715&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equipment and machinery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
335&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;546&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total contractual obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;173
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
052&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
052&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion
 of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend through
 crop year 2022 and specify both the quantities and prices
 denominated in U.S.&amp;#xA0;Dollar
 Euros and New Zealand Dollars
 to
 which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments
 outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 totaled $56.3&amp;#xA0;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The Company does not use
 forward currency exchange contracts and intends to purchase future
 hops using the exchange rate at the time of purchase.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Currently
 the Company has entered into contracts for barley and
 wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop years
 2016 and 2017 and cover the Company&amp;#x2019;s barley
 wheat
 and malt
 requirements for 2017 and part of 2018. These purchase commitments
 outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 totaled
 $14.8&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company sources some of its glass bottles needs pursuant to a
 Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor Glass Container
 Corporation (&amp;#x201C;Anchor&amp;#x201D;)
 under which Anchor is the
 supplier of certain glass bottles for the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Cincinnati Brewery and its Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement
 also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles
 to other breweries where the Company brews its beers. Under the
 agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase
 commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates
 which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be
 fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable to replace lost production capacity
 cancelled by the Company
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 totaled
 $16.6&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has various operating lease agreements in place for
 facilities and equipment as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. Terms of
 these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by
 lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through
 2022. Aggregate rent expense was $3.8&amp;#xA0;million
 $3.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and $3.2&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 For the fiscal year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company
 brewed over 95% of its core brands volume at Company-owned
 breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has
 historically entered into various production arrangements with
 other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the
 Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the
 time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to
 repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing
 company specifically for the Company&amp;#x2019;s beers at the brewing
 company&amp;#x2019;s cost upon termination of the production
 arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume
 requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
 which are not material to the Company&amp;#x2019;s operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s arrangements with other brewing companies
 require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery
 operations. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 there were no significant
 equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing
 contracts. Changes to the Company&amp;#x2019;s brewing strategy or
 existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or
 the introduction of new products in the future may require the
 Company to purchase equipment to support the contract
 breweries&amp;#x2019; operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Litigation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened
 litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a
 material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results
 of its operations.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;L. Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except
 (1)&amp;#xA0;as required by law
 (2)&amp;#xA0;for the election of
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Directors
 and (3)&amp;#xA0;that the approval of the
 holders of the Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock is required for
 (a)&amp;#xA0;certain future authorizations or issuances of additional
 securities which have rights senior to Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 (b)&amp;#xA0;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&amp;#xA0;A
 or Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of
 Organization of the Company
 (c)&amp;#xA0;other amendments of the
 Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&amp;#xA0;certain mergers
 or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and
 (e)&amp;#xA0;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the
 right to (1)&amp;#xA0;elect a majority of the members of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors and (2)&amp;#xA0;approve all
 (a)&amp;#xA0;amendments to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Articles of
 Organization
 (b)&amp;#xA0;mergers or consolidations with
 or
 acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&amp;#xA0;sales or dispositions of
 any significant portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets
 and
 (d)&amp;#xA0;equity-based and other executive compensation and other
 significant corporate matters. The Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;B
 Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class&amp;#xA0;B
 Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock
 upon request of any Class&amp;#xA0;B holder
 and
 participates equally in earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 All distributions with respect to the Company&amp;#x2019;s capital stock
 are restricted by the Company&amp;#x2019;s credit agreement
 with the
 exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former employees of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-vested&lt;/font&gt; investment shares of
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock issued under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity
 incentive plan
 redemption of certain shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash
 dividends to its holders of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee Stock Compensation Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the
 &amp;#x201C;Equity Plan&amp;#x201D;) currently provides for the grant of
 discretionary options and restricted stock awards to employees
 and
 provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a
 discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The
 Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the
 Company
 based on recommendations received from the Compensation
 Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee
 consists of three independent directors. In determining the
 quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation
 Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s compensation system and takes into account the
 position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the
 nature and value to the Company of his or her service and
 accomplishments
 his or her present and potential contributions to
 the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the
 employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems
 relevant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Stock options and related vesting requirements and terms are
 granted at the Board of Directors&amp;#x2019; discretion
 but generally
 vest ratably over five-year periods and
 with respect to certain
 options granted to members of senior management
 based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual
 term of stock options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors
 may grant options that exceed the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;ten-year&lt;/font&gt; term. During fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company granted options to purchase 786
450
 18
723
 and 7
090 shares
 respectively
 of its Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock to employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the 2016
 option grants
 574
507 shares relate to a special long-term
 service-based retention stock option issued to the Chief Executive
 Officer
 173
135 shares relate to other special long-term
 service-based retention stock options and 38
808 shares relate to
 performance-based stock options. Of the 2015 option grants
 14
742
 shares relate to performance-based option grants and 3
981 relate
 to special long-term service-based retention stock options. Of the
 2014 option grants
 all shares relate to performance-based option
 grants.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017
 the Company granted options to purchase an
 aggregate of 5
185 shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock with a weighted average fair value of $81.95 per
 share
 of which all shares relate to performance-based stock
 options.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Restricted stock awards are also granted at the Board of
 Directors&amp;#x2019; discretion. During fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company granted 21
653
 6
092
 and 16
432 shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees
 all of which are service-based and vest ratably over
 service periods of three to five years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Equity Plan also has an investment share program which permits
 employees who have been with the Company for at least one year to
 purchase shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock at a discount from
 current market value of 0% to 40%
 based on the employee&amp;#x2019;s
 tenure with the Company. Investment shares vest ratably over
 service periods of five years. Participants may pay for these
 shares either up front or through payroll deductions over an
 eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal
 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 employees elected to purchase an aggregate of
 9
199
 8
301
 and 8
516 investment shares
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017
 the Company granted 12
358 shares of
 restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees of which all shares vest ratably over service periods of
 five years. On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017
 employees elected to purchase
 9
977 shares under the investment share program.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has reserved 6.7&amp;#xA0;million shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Equity Plan
 of which
 0.7&amp;#xA0;million shares were available for grant as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. Shares reserved for issuance under
 cancelled employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are
 returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
 purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares
 from employees who have left the Company at the lesser of
 (i)&amp;#xA0;the price paid for the shares when the employee acquired
 the shares or (ii)&amp;#xA0;the fair market value of the shares as of
 the date next preceding the date on which the shares are called for
 redemption by the Company. These shares are also returned to the
 reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/font&gt;
 Director Options&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company has a stock option plan for &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-employee&lt;/font&gt; directors of the Company
 (the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&amp;#x201C;Non-Employee&lt;/font&gt;
 Director Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to which each &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-employee&lt;/font&gt; director of the Company
 is granted an option to purchase shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock upon election or &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;re-election&lt;/font&gt; to the Board of Directors.
 Stock options issued to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-employee&lt;/font&gt; directors vest upon grant
 and have a maximum contractual term of ten years. During fiscal
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 the Company granted options to purchase an
 aggregate of 14
040
 5
640
 and 6
696 shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-employee&lt;/font&gt; directors
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has reserved 0.6&amp;#xA0;million shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/font&gt; Director Plan
 of which
 0.1&amp;#xA0;million shares were available for grant as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. Cancelled &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-employee&lt;/font&gt; directors&amp;#x2019; stock
 options are returned to the reserve under the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/font&gt; Director Plan for future
 grants.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Option Activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/font&gt; Director Plan
 is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual Term&lt;br /&gt;
 in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
127
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;197.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40
352&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;196.86&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;241.79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(537
087&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
348
233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;141.98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;196
522&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86.52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested and expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;744
866&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97.34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
410&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Of the total options outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 72
573
 shares were performance-based options granted to multiple key
 employees and 574
507 shares were service-based options granted to
 the Chief Executive Officer that are not expected to vest as a
 result of the planned retirement in 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock Option Grants to Chief Executive Officer&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2008
 the Company granted the Chief Executive
 Officer an option to purchase 753
864 shares of its Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014
 at the rate of 20% per year. The exercise
 price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by the aggregate change
 in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after January&amp;#xA0;1
 2008
 through the close of business on the trading date next preceding
 each date on which the option is exercised. The exercise price will
 not be less than $37.65 per share and the excess of the fair value
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock cannot exceed $70
 per share over the exercise price. At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 301
546 shares and 452
319 shares of the
 stock option remained outstanding
 respectively. If the outstanding
 shares at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 were exercised on that date
 the
 exercise price would have been $99.85 per share. If the outstanding
 shares at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 were exercised on that date
 the
 exercise price would have been $135.40 per share. Reflected in the
 table above is the minimum exercise price of $37.65. The Company is
 accounting for this award as a market-based award which was valued
 utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which
 calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes
 fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo
 Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated the weighted
 average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded stock-based
 compensation expense of $0.3
 $0.5
 and $0.7
 million related to
 this option in the fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 the Company granted the Chief Executive
 Officer an option to purchase 574
507 shares of its Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2019
 at the rate of 20% per year. The exercise
 price is determined by multiplying $201.91 by the aggregate
 percentage change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016 through the close of business on the trading
 date next preceding each date on which the option is exercised
 plus an additional 1.5 percentage points per annum
 prorated for
 partial years. The exercise price will not be less than $201.91 per
 share and the excess of the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock cannot exceed $150 per share over the
 exercise price. At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the stock option
 remained unexercised as to 574
507 shares. If the stock option had
 been exercised on December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the exercise price would
 have been $226.72 per share. The Company is accounting for this
 award as a market-based award which was valued utilizing the Monte
 Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential
 outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most
 likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the
 Company calculated the weighted average fair value per share to be
 $39.16. As a result of the Chief Executive Officer&amp;#x2019;s planned
 retirement in 2018
 the Company estimated a 100% forfeiture rate
 related to this grant and in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 the
 Company reversed a total of $3.6&amp;#xA0;million in stock-based
 compensation expense that had been recorded during the first three
 quarters of fiscal 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
515&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts related to performance-based stock awards included in total
 stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;203&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as
 the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of
 stock options. The Company believes that the Black-Scholes
 option-pricing model is less effective than the binomial
 option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it assumes
 that volatility and interest rates are constant over the life of
 the option. In addition
 the Company believes that the binomial
 option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair value of its
 stock awards
 as it takes into account historical employee exercise
 patterns based on changes in the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock price and
 other relevant variables. The weighted-average fair value of stock
 options granted during 2016
 2015
 and 2014 was $87.70
 $128.54
 and $106.81 per share
 respectively
 as calculated using a binomial
 option-pricing model. This excludes the January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016 stock
 options granted to the Chief Executive Officer with a
 weighted-average fair value of $39.16
 as calculated using the
 Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.2%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.3%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.16%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.16%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.83%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercise factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.68&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount for post-vesting restrictions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Expected volatility is based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s historical
 realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate represents the
 implied yields available from the U.S. Treasury &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;zero-coupon&lt;/font&gt; yield curve over the
 contractual term of the option when using the binomial
 option-pricing model. Expected dividend yield is 0% because the
 Company has not paid dividends in the past and currently has no
 known intention to do so in the future. Exercise factor and
 discount for post-vesting restrictions are based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s traded stock price on the date of the grants. Fair
 value of investment shares is calculated using the binomial
 option-pricing model.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in
 recognizing stock-based compensation expense for awards that vest
 based on service conditions. For awards that vest subject to
 performance conditions
 compensation expense is recognized ratably
 for each tranche of the award over the performance period if it is
 probable that performance conditions will be met.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Under ASC 718
 compensation expense is recognized less estimated
 forfeitures. Because most of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity awards vest
 on January 1&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; each year
 the
 Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to
 those awards
 net of actual forfeitures. For equity awards that do
 not vest on January 1&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;
 the estimated
 forfeiture rate used was 5.0%
 with the exception of the Chief
 Executive Officer&amp;#x2019;s 2016 equity award which used a 100%
 forfeiture rate as a result of the planned retirement in 2018. The
 forfeiture rate was based upon historical experience and the
 Company periodically reviews this rate to ensure proper projection
 of future forfeitures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The total fair value of options vested during 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 was $9.9&amp;#xA0;million
 $4.1&amp;#xA0;million
 and $3.8&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options
 exercised during 2016
 2015
 and 2014 was $52.7&amp;#xA0;million
 $37.7&amp;#xA0;million
 and $45.8&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Based on equity awards outstanding as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 there is $23.0&amp;#xA0;million of unrecognized compensation costs
 net
 of estimated forfeitures
 related to unvested share-based
 compensation arrangements that are expected to vest. Such costs are
 expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.09
 years. The following table summarizes the estimated future annual
 stock-based compensation expense related to share-based
 arrangements existing as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 that are
 expected to vest (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
253&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
060&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-Vested&lt;/font&gt; Shares
 Activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-vested&lt;/font&gt; at
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;150.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
852&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161.84&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114.12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
066&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;152.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-vested&lt;/font&gt; at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
968&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;166.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 19
740 shares vested in 2016 with a weighted average fair value of
 $114.12. 25
732 shares vested in 2015 with a weighted average fair
 value of $79.44. 38
329 shares vested in 2014 with a weighted
 average fair value of $53.82.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock Repurchase Program&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In 1998
 the Board of Directors authorized management to implement
 a stock repurchase program. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the
 Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately
 12.5&amp;#xA0;million shares of its Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock for an
 aggregate purchase price of approximately $607.8&amp;#xA0;million as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&amp;#xA0;Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
892
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
921
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;307
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;616
747&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138
705&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
538
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;446
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;944
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161
658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
483
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;607
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 the &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;two-class&lt;/font&gt; method
 whichever is more dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and
 Disclosures&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASC 820&amp;#x201D;). The Company believes that
 the carrying amount of its cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due
 to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The
 Company is not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit
 risks arising from these financial assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;C. Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 apple
 juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at the
 lower of cost
 determined on the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt; basis
 or market. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s goal is to maintain &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;on-hand&lt;/font&gt; a supply of approximately two
 years for essential hop varieties
 in order to limit the risk of an
 unexpected reduction in supply. Inventories are generally
 classified as current assets. The Company classifies hops inventory
 in excess of two years of forecasted usage in other long term
 assets. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods
 inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing
 overhead. Inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw Materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
630&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work in process&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
131&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less portion in other long term assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at
 the lower of cost &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt; basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&amp;#x2019;s
 expected future usage. Provision for excess or expired inventory
 included in cost of goods sold was $4.5&amp;#xA0;million
 $4.0&amp;#xA0;million
 and $6.1&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; will supersede virtually all
 existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required
 to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to
 customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration
 received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an
 entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than
 under the current guidance. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; is to be applied
 retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in
 the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to
 apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB
 issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective
 Date&lt;/i&gt;. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-14&lt;/font&gt;
 defers the effective date of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; for one year
 making it
 effective for the year beginning December&amp;#xA0;31
 2017
 with early
 adoption permitted as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The Company
 currently expects to adopt ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; in the first quarter of 2018.
 The Company does not expect adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; to have a material impact on
 its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic
 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;. ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; is part of the
 FASB&amp;#x2019;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The
 guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of
 the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net
 realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
 course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of
 completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; will be effective
 prospectively for the year beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The
 Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; and has preliminarily
 concluded that it will not have a significant impact on the
 consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet
 Classification of Deferred Taxes&lt;/i&gt;. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-17&lt;/font&gt; is part of the FASB&amp;#x2019;s
 initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires
 an entity to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax
 liabilities as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-17&lt;/font&gt; permits entities
 to apply the amendments either prospectively or retrospectively.
 ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-17&lt;/font&gt; will be
 effective for the year beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The Company
 is currently evaluating the impact ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-17.&lt;/font&gt; As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had $7.4&amp;#xA0;million and
 $7.0&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 of current deferred tax assets on
 the consolidated balance sheets that would be classified as
 noncurrent under the new guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic
 842)&lt;/i&gt;. The guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and
 liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations
 created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; will be effective
 retrospectively for the year beginning December&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 with
 early adoption permitted. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had $15.9&amp;#xA0;million and
 $17.5&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 of contractual obligation on
 lease agreements that would be included on the consolidated balance
 sheets under the new guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In March
 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based
 Payment Accounting&lt;/i&gt;. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09&lt;/font&gt; is part of the FASB&amp;#x2019;s
 initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance impacts
 several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment
 transactions
 including accounting for income taxes and
 forfeitures
 as well as classification in the statement of cash
 flows. Under ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt;
 excess tax benefits and deficiencies as a result of stock option
 exercises and restricted stock vesting are to be recognized as
 discrete items within income tax expense or benefit in the
 statement of operations in the reporting period in which they
 occur. Additionally
 under ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt; excess tax benefits and
 deficiencies should be classified along with other income tax cash
 flows as an operating activity. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09&lt;/font&gt; will be effective for the year
 beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 and may be applied retrospectively
 or prospectively. The impact ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09&lt;/font&gt; will have on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements will mainly
 depend on unpredictable future events
 including the timing and
 value realized upon exercise of stock options versus the fair value
 when those options were granted. For the 2016 and 2015 fiscal
 years
 the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation
 arrangements was $12.5&amp;#xA0;million and $15.4&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive (loss) income for 2016
 2015
 and 2014 (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=23%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&amp;#xA0;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($11)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($99)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($43)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Currency translation adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($69)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;122&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of $101&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Currency translation adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
103&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
390&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
666&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;608&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;587&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
802&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total provision for income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
596&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-class&lt;/font&gt; method:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016 (53&lt;br /&gt;
 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allocation of net income for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;442&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock*&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
597&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Change in Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock
 resulted from the conversion of 150
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2015
 100
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on October&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 125
000 shares to
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock on November&amp;#xA0;4
 2016 and 45
000
 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock on November&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 with
 the ending number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the
 period.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
 basis are summarized in the table below (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-vested&lt;/font&gt; at
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;150.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
852&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161.84&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114.12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
066&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;152.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-vested&lt;/font&gt; at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
968&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;166.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the estimated future annual
 stock-based compensation expense related to share-based
 arrangements existing as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 that are
 expected to vest (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
253&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
060&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: general and administrative salary and benefit
 expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service fees
 rent and
 utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for
 general and administrative employees
 and other general and
 administrative overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;B. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year is a &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;fifty-two&lt;/font&gt; or fifty-three week period
 ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal period 2016
 consists of fifty-three weeks and the fiscal periods 2015 and 2014
 consist of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;fifty-two&lt;/font&gt;
 weeks.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 Twisted Tea&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 Angry
 Orchard&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt; and Truly
 Spiked&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Sparkling&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt; brands. The
 second is the A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment which
 is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company
 Coney Island Brewing
 Company
 Angel City Brewing Company and Concrete Beach Brewing
 Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They
 sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to the
 same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar
 price points and through substantially the same channels of
 distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar
 production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally
 fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the operating
 segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they are
 aggregated for financial statements purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 included cash &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;on-hand&lt;/font&gt; and money market instruments
 that are highly liquid investments. Cash and cash equivalents are
 carried at cost
 which approximates fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The Company has restricted cash associated with a term note
 agreement with Bank of America that was required by the
 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to fund economic development at the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Pennsylvania Brewery. The restricted cash subject
 to this agreement amounted to $400
000 and $456
000 at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 respectively
 and is included in other assets on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated
 Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of foreign wholesalers
 importers or other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &amp;#x201C;Distributors&amp;#x201D;). In 2016
 2015 and 2014
 sales to
 foreign Distributors were approximately 4% of total sales.
 Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized;
 however
 credit risk is minimized as a result of the large and
 diverse nature of the Company&amp;#x2019;s customer base. There were no
 individual customer accounts receivable balances outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 that were in
 excess of 10% of the gross accounts receivable balance on those
 dates. No individual customers represented more than 10% of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues during fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and
 Disclosures&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASC 820&amp;#x201D;). The Company believes that
 the carrying amount of its cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due
 to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The
 Company is not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit
 risks arising from these financial assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at
 the lower of cost &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt; basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&amp;#x2019;s
 expected future usage. Provision for excess or expired inventory
 included in cost of goods sold was $4.5&amp;#xA0;million
 $4.0&amp;#xA0;million
 and $6.1&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&amp;#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Kegs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Computer software and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;2 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production
 agreement
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or
 estimated useful life of the asset&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;12 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of
 the building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Refundable Deposits on Kegs and Pallets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and cans and such kegs
 bottles and cans
 are shipped on pallets to Distributors. Most kegs and pallets are
 owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated
 useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase.
 Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a
 refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in
 current liabilities in the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon
 return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is
 refunded to the Distributor.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&amp;#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $1.4&amp;#xA0;million and $1.4&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $0.9&amp;#xA0;million
 $1.2&amp;#xA0;million and $1.2&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheet includes $14.3&amp;#xA0;million and
 $17.1&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs
 and pallets and $12.0&amp;#xA0;million and $18.9&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its reporting units annually at the end of the fiscal
 month of August
 or more frequently if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company
 has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company reporting unit amounted to
 $1.4&amp;#xA0;million. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the goodwill of the A&amp;amp;S Brewing
 Collaborative reporting unit amounted to $2.3&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&amp;#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&amp;#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&amp;#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&amp;#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&amp;#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided when
 recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than
 not standards as defined in ASC Topic 740
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The calculation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves
 for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income
 tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards as
 defined in ACS Topic 740
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Excise Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &amp;#x201C;TTB&amp;#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units shipped and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company has deferred $5.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and $3.9&amp;#xA0;million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior
 to these dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In certain circumstances and with the Company&amp;#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&amp;#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The
 Company incurred shipping costs of $49.2&amp;#xA0;million
 $62.2&amp;#xA0;million
 and $62.6&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and Sales Promotions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing
 expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and
 entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support
 workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related
 to shipments of finished goods from manufacturing locations to
 distributor locations and &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;point-of-sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; items. Total
 advertising and sales promotional expenditures of
 $105.3&amp;#xA0;million
 $120.1&amp;#xA0;million
 and $100.5&amp;#xA0;million
 were included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in
 the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&amp;#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Programs and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
 ASC Topic &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;605-50
&lt;/font&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition &amp;#x2014; Customer Payments and
 Incentives
&lt;/i&gt; based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts
 paid to customers totaled $54.4&amp;#xA0;million
 $55.3&amp;#xA0;million
 and $52.4&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal year 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $33.2&amp;#xA0;million
 $33.2&amp;#xA0;million
 and $28.5&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for
 discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net
 revenue. Agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain
 Distributors&amp;#x2019; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in
 order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of
 the discount allowance requires that management make certain
 estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of
 revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed
 and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by
 the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated
 allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 products may include
 but are not limited to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;point-of-sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; and merchandise
 placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at
 retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid
 to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $21.2&amp;#xA0;million
 $22.1&amp;#xA0;million
 and $23.9&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. In 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the
 Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of
 $16.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $16.6&amp;#xA0;million
 and $18.7&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized as
 reduction to net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other
 promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: general and administrative salary and benefit
 expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service fees
 rent and
 utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for
 general and administrative employees
 and other general and
 administrative overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC 718&amp;#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of
 share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on
 fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during
 which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
 the award (the requisite service period). The amount of
 compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income is based on the awards ultimately expected to
 vest
 and therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 and
 2016 stock option grants to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive
 Officer
 which is considered to be a market-based award and was
 valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which
 calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes
 fair value based on the most likely outcome. See Note L for further
 discussion of the application of the option-pricing models.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-class&lt;/font&gt; method
 whichever is more dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; will supersede virtually all
 existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required
 to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to
 customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration
 received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an
 entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than
 under the current guidance. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; is to be applied
 retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in
 the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to
 apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB
 issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective
 Date&lt;/i&gt;. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-14&lt;/font&gt;
 defers the effective date of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; for one year
 making it
 effective for the year beginning December&amp;#xA0;31
 2017
 with early
 adoption permitted as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The Company
 currently expects to adopt ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; in the first quarter of 2018.
 The Company does not expect adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; to have a material impact on
 its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic
 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;. ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; is part of the
 FASB&amp;#x2019;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The
 guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of
 the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net
 realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
 course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of
 completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; will be effective
 prospectively for the year beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The
 Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; and has preliminarily
 concluded that it will not have a significant impact on the
 consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet
 Classification of Deferred Taxes&lt;/i&gt;. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-17&lt;/font&gt; is part of the FASB&amp;#x2019;s
 initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires
 an entity to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax
 liabilities as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-17&lt;/font&gt; permits entities
 to apply the amendments either prospectively or retrospectively.
 ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-17&lt;/font&gt; will be
 effective for the year beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The Company
 is currently evaluating the impact ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-17.&lt;/font&gt; As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had $7.4&amp;#xA0;million and
 $7.0&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 of current deferred tax assets on
 the consolidated balance sheets that would be classified as
 noncurrent under the new guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic
 842)&lt;/i&gt;. The guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and
 liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations
 created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; will be effective
 retrospectively for the year beginning December&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 with
 early adoption permitted. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had $15.9&amp;#xA0;million and
 $17.5&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 of contractual obligation on
 lease agreements that would be included on the consolidated balance
 sheets under the new guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In March
 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based
 Payment Accounting&lt;/i&gt;. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09&lt;/font&gt; is part of the FASB&amp;#x2019;s
 initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance impacts
 several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment
 transactions
 including accounting for income taxes and
 forfeitures
 as well as classification in the statement of cash
 flows. Under ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt;
 excess tax benefits and deficiencies as a result of stock option
 exercises and restricted stock vesting are to be recognized as
 discrete items within income tax expense or benefit in the
 statement of operations in the reporting period in which they
 occur. Additionally
 under ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt; excess tax benefits and
 deficiencies should be classified along with other income tax cash
 flows as an operating activity. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09&lt;/font&gt; will be effective for the year
 beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 and may be applied retrospectively
 or prospectively. The impact ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09&lt;/font&gt; will have on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements will mainly
 depend on unpredictable future events
 including the timing and
 value realized upon exercise of stock options versus the fair value
 when those options were granted. For the 2016 and 2015 fiscal
 years
 the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation
 arrangements was $12.5&amp;#xA0;million and $15.4&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of foreign wholesalers
 importers or other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &amp;#x201C;Distributors&amp;#x201D;). In 2016
 2015 and 2014
 sales to
 foreign Distributors were approximately 4% of total sales.
 Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized;
 however
 credit risk is minimized as a result of the large and
 diverse nature of the Company&amp;#x2019;s customer base. There were no
 individual customer accounts receivable balances outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 that were in
 excess of 10% of the gross accounts receivable balance on those
 dates. No individual customers represented more than 10% of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues during fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its reporting units annually at the end of the fiscal
 month of August
 or more frequently if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company
 has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company reporting unit amounted to
 $1.4&amp;#xA0;million. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the goodwill of the A&amp;amp;S Brewing
 Collaborative reporting unit amounted to $2.3&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;I. Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
390&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
666&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;608&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;587&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
802&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total provision for income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
596&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Significant components of the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
929&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
398&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
097&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
480&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(72
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(69
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(71
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(57
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
018&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s practice is to classify interest and penalties
 related to income tax matters in income tax expense. Interest and
 penalties included in the provision for income taxes amounted to
 $0.0&amp;#xA0;million
 $0.1&amp;#xA0;million
 and $0.0&amp;#xA0;million for
 fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. Accrued interest
 and penalties amounted to $0.3&amp;#xA0;million and $0.4&amp;#xA0;million
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to current year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to prior year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 are potential net
 benefits of $0.5&amp;#xA0;million and $0.4&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 that would favorably impact the effective tax rate if recognized.
 Unrecognized tax benefits are included in accrued expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets and adjusted in the period
 in which new information about a tax position becomes available or
 the final outcome differs from the amount recorded.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s 2013
 2014 and
 2015 federal income tax returns remain subject to examination by
 the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#x201C;IRS&amp;#x201D;). The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s state income tax returns remain subject to
 examination for three or four years depending on the state&amp;#x2019;s
 statute of limitations. The Company is being audited by two states
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. In addition
 the Company is generally
 obligated to report changes in taxable income arising from federal
 income tax audits.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 It is reasonably possible that the Company&amp;#x2019;s unrecognized tax
 benefits may increase or decrease in 2017 if there is a completion
 of certain income tax audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate
 the range of such possible changes. The Company does not expect
 that any potential changes would have a material impact on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations or cash
 flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax
 assets include a capital loss carryforward. The capital loss
 carryforward
 totaling $1.7&amp;#xA0;million as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 which if unused
 will expire in year 2019. For the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company recorded a net valuation
 allowance release of $0.3&amp;#xA0;million due to a decrease in the
 deferred tax asset for capital loss carryforwards.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s short term income tax receivable as of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 of $14.1&amp;#xA0;million in the accompanying
 consolidated balance sheets is primarily due to the &lt;i&gt;Protecting
 Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015&lt;/i&gt;
 being enacted after 2015
 corporate estimated tax payments were due on December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. These tax extenders allow the Company to claim accelerated
 tax depreciation on qualified property
 plant
 and equipment
 additions
 and the research&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; development tax credit on
 the 2015 federal corporate income tax return. The Company applied
 with the IRS for a $12.0&amp;#xA0;million quick refund of overpayment
 of estimate tax
 and received this refund in the first quarter of
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;A. Organization and Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and certain subsidiaries (the
 &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D;) are engaged in the business of selling
 alcohol beverages throughout the United States and in selected
 international markets
 under the trade names &amp;#x201C;The Boston Beer
 Company
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;Twisted Tea Brewing Company
&amp;#x201D;
 &amp;#x201C;Angry Orchard Cider Company&amp;#x201D; and &amp;#x201C;Hard Seltzer
 Beverage Company.&amp;#x201D; The Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 beers are produced and sold under the trade name &amp;#x201C;The Boston
 Beer Company.&amp;#x201D; A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a
 A&amp;amp;S Brewing (&amp;#x201C;A&amp;amp;S&amp;#x201D;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of the Company
 sells beer under various trade names that is
 produced under its own license and the Company&amp;#x2019;s licenses. In
 2016
 sales from A&amp;amp;S brands were less than 5% of net revenues
 in 2015
 sales from A&amp;amp;S brands were less than 7% of net
 revenues and in 2014
 sales from A&amp;amp;S brands were less than 2%
 of net revenues.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;420
486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;387
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Kegs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
024&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
295&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Building and building improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;112
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101
836&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office equipment and furniture&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
147&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;661
872&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;617
214&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(253
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(207
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;408
411&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company has deferred $5.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and $3.9&amp;#xA0;million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior
 to these dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In certain circumstances and with the Company&amp;#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&amp;#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued deposits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
367&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
562&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Deferred revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
381&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued stale beer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued sales and use tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
437&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued excise taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
976&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued freight&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
874&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Significant components of the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
929&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
398&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
097&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
480&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(72
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(69
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(71
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(57
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
018&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
515&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts related to performance-based stock awards included in total
 stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;203&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw Materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
630&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work in process&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
131&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less portion in other long term assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company has repurchased a
 cumulative total of approximately 12.5&amp;#xA0;million shares of its
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately $607.8&amp;#xA0;million as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&amp;#xA0;Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
892
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
921
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;307
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;616
747&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138
705&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
538
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;446
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;944
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161
658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
483
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;607
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-three weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC 718&amp;#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of
 share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on
 fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during
 which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
 the award (the requisite service period). The amount of
 compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income is based on the awards ultimately expected to
 vest
 and therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 and
 2016 stock option grants to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive
 Officer
 which is considered to be a market-based award and was
 valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which
 calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes
 fair value based on the most likely outcome. See Note L for further
 discussion of the application of the option-pricing models.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;O. Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income represents amounts of
 unrecognized actuarial gains or losses related to the Company
 sponsored defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement medical
 plan
 net of tax effect and currency translation adjustments.
 Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial
 losses or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net
 periodic benefit costs and currency translation adjustments. The
 following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive (loss) income for 2016
 2015
 and 2014 (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=23%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&amp;#xA0;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($11)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($99)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($43)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Currency translation adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($69)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;122&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of $101&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Currency translation adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
103&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 projected cash outflows under
 contractual obligations for the remaining years under the contracts
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=26 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payments Due by Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Thereafter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=26 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Hops
 barley and wheat&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
552&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
739&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Apples and other ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Glass bottles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
551&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
551&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
965&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
715&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equipment and machinery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
335&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;546&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total contractual obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;173
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
052&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
052&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;H. Revolving Line of Credit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company has a credit facility in place that provides for a
 $150.0&amp;#xA0;million revolving line of credit which has a term not
 scheduled to expire until March&amp;#xA0;31
 2019. The Company may
 elect an interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility
 based on either (i)&amp;#xA0;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.75% at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016) or (ii)&amp;#xA0;the applicable LIBOR rate
 (0.72% at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an
 annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the unused portion of the
 facility and is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
 which are measured using earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (&amp;#x201C;EBITDA&amp;#x201D;) based ratios.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s EBITDA to interest expense ratio was 11
352 as
 of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 compared to a minimum allowable ratio of
 2.00 and the Company&amp;#x2019;s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was
 0.00 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 compared to a maximum allowable
 ratio of 2.50. The Company was in compliance with all financial
 covenants as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015.
 There were no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility as
 of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 There are also certain restrictive covenants set forth in the
 credit agreement. Pursuant to the negative covenants
 the Company
 has agreed that it will not: enter into any indebtedness or
 guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any
 sale and leaseback transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of
 significant assets without the lender&amp;#x2019;s prior written
 consent
 make or maintain any investments other than those
 permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions
 with affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business. In
 addition
 the credit agreement requires the Company to obtain prior
 written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or
 in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock or other
 equity interests with the exception of the following:
 (a)&amp;#xA0;distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The
 Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary
 of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
 (b) repurchase from former
 employees of &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;non-vested&lt;/font&gt;
 investment shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 issued under the
 Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and (c)&amp;#xA0;redemption of shares
 of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors
 and payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock.
 Borrowings under the credit facility may be used for working
 capital
 capital expenditures and general corporate purposes of the
 Company and its subsidiaries. In the event of a default that has
 not been cured
 the credit facility would terminate and any unpaid
 principal and accrued interest would become due and payable.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&amp;#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&amp;#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&amp;#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&amp;#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&amp;#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;M. Employee Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Medical
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company has one retirement plan covering substantially all
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-union&lt;/font&gt; employees; two
 other retirement plans
 one of which covers substantially all union
 employees
 and the other of which covers employees of a specific
 union; and post-retirement medical benefits covering substantially
 all union employees.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-Union&lt;/font&gt;
 Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Boston Beer Company 401(k) Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Boston Beer 401(k)
 Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 which was established by the Company in 1993
 is a
 Company-sponsored defined contribution plan that covers a majority
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-union&lt;/font&gt; employees who are employed
 by Boston Beer Corporation
 American Craft Brewery LLC
 A&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 or Angry Orchard Cider
 Company
 LLC. All &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-union&lt;/font&gt; employees of these entities
 are eligible to participate in the Plan immediately upon
 employment. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60%
 of their annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. The
 Company matches each participant&amp;#x2019;s contribution. A maximum of
 6% of compensation is taken into account in determining the amount
 of the match. The Company matches 100% of the first $1
000 of the
 eligible compensation participants contribute. Thereafter
 the
 Company matches 50% of the eligible contribution. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s contributions to the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan
 amounted to $3.5&amp;#xA0;million and $3.0&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The basic annual administrative fee
 for the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&amp;#x2019;s
 investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider
 Payment Agreement
 a credit up to a maximum of two basis points
 multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is
 available for paying eligible Plan expenses. Participant
 forfeitures are also available for paying eligible Plan expenses.
 The Company is responsible for the payment of any additional fees
 related to the management of the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees
 are not material to the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Union Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Samuel Adams Cincinnati Brewery 401(k) Plan for Represented
 Employees (the &amp;#x201C;SACB 401(k) Plan&amp;#x201D;) is a
 Company-sponsored defined contribution plan. It was established in
 1997 and is available to all union employees upon commencement of
 employment or
 if later
 attaining age 21. Participants may make
 voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation to
 the SACB 401(k) Plan
 subject to IRS limitations. Company
 contributions for fiscal 2016 and 2015 were insignificant. The
 basic annual administrative fee for the SACB 401(k) Plan is paid by
 the Plan&amp;#x2019;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the
 Service Provider Payment Agreement
 a credit up to a maximum of two
 basis points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the
 Plan per year
 excluding participant loans
 is available for paying
 eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the payment
 of any additional fees related to the management of the SACB 401(k)
 Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. Local Union No.&amp;#xA0;1199
 Pension Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Local 1199 Pension Plan&amp;#x201D;) is a
 Company-sponsored defined benefit pension plan. It was established
 in 1991 and is open to all union employees who are covered by the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s collective bargaining agreement with Teamsters
 Local Union No.&amp;#xA0;1199 (&amp;#x201C;Local Union #1199&amp;#x201D;)
 or
 persons on leave from the Company who are employed by Local Union
 #1199
 and in either case who have completed 12 consecutive months
 of employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit
 is determined based on years of service since July 1991. The
 Company made contributions of $219
000 and $188
000 in 2016 and
 2015 respectively. At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the unfunded projected pension benefits were
 $1.9&amp;#xA0;million and $1.6&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company provides a supplement to eligible retirees from Local
 #1
 Local #20
 and Local Union #1199 to assist them with the cost
 of Medicare gap coverage after their retirement on account of age
 or permanent disability. To qualify for this benefit (collectively
 the &amp;#x201C;Retiree Medical Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 an employee must have
 worked for at least 20 years for the Company or its predecessor at
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery
 must have been enrolled in
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s group medical insurance plan for at least 5
 years before retirement and
 in the case of retirees from Local
 #20
 for at least 7 of the last 10 years of their employment
 and
 must be eligible for Medicare benefits under the Social Security
 Act. The accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation was
 determined using a discount rate of 4.25% at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and 4.5% at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and a 2.5% health care cost
 increase based on the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for the years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014. The effect of a 1% point increase and the
 effect of a 1% point decrease in the assumed health care cost trend
 rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components
 of net periodic post-retirement health care benefit costs and on
 the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for health care
 benefits would not be significant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In addition
 the comprehensive medical plan offered to currently
 employed members of Local #20 remains available to them should they
 retire after reaching age 57
 and before reaching age 65
 with at
 least 20 years of service with the Company or its predecessor at
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery. These eligible retirees may
 choose to continue to be covered under the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 comprehensive group medical plan until they reach the age when they
 are eligible for Medicare health benefits under the Social Security
 Act or coverage under a comparable State health benefit plan.
 Eligible retirees pay 100% of the cost of the coverage.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Local 1199 Pension Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retiree Medical Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
733&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
471&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded Status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Local 1199 Pension Plan invests in a family of funds designed
 to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&amp;#x2019;
 investment objectives. The fund-specific objectives vary and
 include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital appreciation plus income
 and
 investing in funds that invest in common stock of companies that
 cover a broad range of industries. The Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s
 investments are considered category 1 assets in the fair value
 hierarchy and the fair values were determined by reference to
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;period-end&lt;/font&gt; quoted market
 prices.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The basis of the long-term rate of return assumption of 6.5%
 reflects the Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s current targeted asset mix of
 approximately 35% debt securities and 65% equity securities with
 assumed average annual returns of approximately 3% to 6% for debt
 securities and 8% to 12% for equity securities. It is assumed that
 the Local 1199 Pension Plan&amp;#x2019;s investment portfolio will be
 adjusted periodically to maintain the targeted ratios of debt
 securities and equity securities. Additional consideration is given
 to the Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s historical returns as well as future
 long-range projections of investment returns for each asset
 category. The assumed discount rate in estimating the pension
 obligation was 4.25% and 4.50% at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=16%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 51.75pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Debt securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;E. Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;420
486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;387
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Kegs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
024&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
295&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Building and building improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;112
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101
836&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office equipment and furniture&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
147&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;661
872&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;617
214&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(253
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(207
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;408
411&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The Company recorded depreciation and amortization expense related
 to these assets of $49.3&amp;#xA0;million
 $43.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 $34.8&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company evaluates its assets for impairment when events
 indicate that an asset or asset group may have suffered impairment.
 During 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company recorded impairment
 charges of $0.7&amp;#xA0;million
 $0.3&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 $1.8&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Gain on Sale of Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 During 2016
 the Company recognized a $1.0&amp;#xA0;million gain on the
 sale of land owned in Freetown
 Massachusetts.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=16%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 51.75pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Debt securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Local 1199 Pension Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retiree Medical Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
733&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
471&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded Status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/font&gt; Director Plan
 is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual Term&lt;br /&gt;
 in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
127
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;197.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40
352&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;196.86&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;241.79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(537
087&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
348
233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;141.98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;196
522&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86.52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested and expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;744
866&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97.34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
410&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.2%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.3%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.16%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.16%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.83%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercise factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.68&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount for post-vesting restrictions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;P. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discount Accrual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
892&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
078&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(33
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
970&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
045&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stale Beer Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 Twisted Tea&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 Angry
 Orchard&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 and Truly Spiked&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Sparkling&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt; brands. The second
 is the A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment which is
 comprised of The Traveler Beer Company
 Coney Island Brewing
 Company
 Angel City Brewing Company and Concrete Beach Brewing
 Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They
 sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to the
 same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar
 price points and through substantially the same channels of
 distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar
 production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally
 fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the operating
 segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they are
 aggregated for financial statements purposes.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The
 Company incurred shipping costs of $49.2&amp;#xA0;million
 $62.2&amp;#xA0;million
 and $62.6&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;N. Net Income per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net Income per Common Share &amp;#x2014; Basic&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-class&lt;/font&gt; method:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016 (53&lt;br /&gt;
 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allocation of net income for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;442&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock*&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
597&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Change in Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock
 resulted from the conversion of 150
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2015
 100
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on October&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 125
000 shares to
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock on November&amp;#xA0;4
 2016 and 45
000
 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock on November&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 with
 the ending number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the
 period.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 10pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net Income per Common Share &amp;#x2014; Diluted&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company calculates diluted net income per share for common
 stock using the more dilutive of (1)&amp;#xA0;the treasury stock
 method
 or (2)&amp;#xA0;the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-class&lt;/font&gt; method
 which assumes the
 participating securities are not exercised or converted.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class&amp;#xA0;B
 Common Stock into Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock and using the
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-class&lt;/font&gt; method for
 unvested participating shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Fifty-three&amp;#xA0;weeks&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&amp;#xA0;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Fifty-two&lt;/font&gt; weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Fifty-two&lt;/font&gt; weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
253&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Basic net income per common share for each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock is $6.93
 $7.46
 and
 $6.96 for the fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 as
 each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A and Class&amp;#xA0;B participates equally in
 earnings. Shares of Class&amp;#xA0;B are convertible at any time into
 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A on a &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;one-for-one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; basis at the option
 of the stockholder.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Weighted average stock options to purchase 712
000
 16
000
 and
 11
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock were outstanding during
 fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 but not included in
 computing diluted income per share because their effects were
 anti-dilutive. Additionally
 performance-based stock options to
 purchase 35
000
 15
000
 and 30
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 but not included in computing dilutive income per
 share because the performance criteria of these stock options were
 not met as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;K. Fair Value Measures&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received
 to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
 The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy
 which
 prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels
 and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest
 level of input that is available and significant to the fair value
 measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 (Level&amp;#xA0;1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
 inputs (Level&amp;#xA0;3 measurements).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1 &amp;#x2014; Level&amp;#xA0;1
 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
 identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the
 ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2 &amp;#x2014; Level&amp;#xA0;2
 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within
 Level&amp;#xA0;1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either
 directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified
 (contractual) term
 a Level&amp;#xA0;2 input must be observable for
 substantially the full term of the asset or liability.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3 &amp;#x2014; Level&amp;#xA0;3
 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability in which
 there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability
 at the measurement date.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 All financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value
 on a recurring basis (at least annually) have been segregated into
 the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on
 the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement
 date. The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis are summarized in the table below (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s cash equivalents listed above represent money
 market mutual fund securities and are classified within
 Level&amp;#xA0;1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued
 using quoted market prices.&amp;#xA0;The money market funds were
 invested substantially in United States Treasury and government
 securities. The Company does not adjust the quoted market price for
 such financial instruments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents held
 in money market funds. At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had money market funds with a
 &amp;#x201C;Triple A&amp;#x201D; rated money market fund. The Company
 considers the &amp;#x201C;Triple A&amp;#x201D; rated money market fund to be
 a large
 highly-rated investment-grade institution. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and cash equivalents balance was
 $91.0&amp;#xA0;million and $94.2&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 including
 money market funds amounting to $90.0&amp;#xA0;million and
 $88.1&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Cash
 certificates of deposit
 receivables and payables are carried
 at their cost
 which approximates fair value
 because of their
 short-term nature. Financial instruments not recorded at fair value
 in the consolidated financial statements are summarized in the
 table below (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s note payable listed above represents a term
 note agreement with Bank of America N.A and is classified within
 Level&amp;#xA0;2 of the fair value hierarchy because it is valued using
 observable inputs. The note has a maturity date of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2021 and the interest rate is fixed at an annual
 rate of 4.25%.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year is a &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;fifty-two&lt;/font&gt; or fifty-three week period
 ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal period 2016
 consists of fifty-three weeks and the fiscal periods 2015 and 2014
 consist of &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;fifty-two&lt;/font&gt;
 weeks.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;F. Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the
 Company-owned breweries over the fair value of the net assets
 acquired upon the completion of the acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-three weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided when
 recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than
 not standards as defined in ASC Topic 740
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The calculation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves
 for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income
 tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards as
 defined in ACS Topic 740
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&amp;#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Kegs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Computer software and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;2 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production
 agreement
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or
 estimated useful life of the asset&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;12 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of
 the building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;R. Quarterly Results (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal quarters are consistently determined
 year to year and generally consist of 13 weeks
 except in those
 fiscal years in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last
 fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&amp;#x2019;s
 opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all
 adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
 for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters
 presented. The operating results for any quarter are not
 necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For Quarters Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016 (1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;24
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(14 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;219
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;253
433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244
816&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;188
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;293
094&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;252
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;107
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133
607&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;91
531&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
767&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;157
010&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
309&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
788&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
819&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
166&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
530&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
032&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.11&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 140px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;During the fourth quarter of 2016
 the Company recorded a $3.6&amp;#xA0;million decrease in stock-based
 compensation expense related to the planned retirement of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer in 2018.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class&amp;#xA0;B
 Common Stock into Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock and using the
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-class&lt;/font&gt; method for
 unvested participating shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Fifty-three&amp;#xA0;weeks&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&amp;#xA0;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Fifty-two&lt;/font&gt; weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Fifty-two&lt;/font&gt; weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
253&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;In
 management&amp;#x2019;s opinion
 the following unaudited information
 includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring
 adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the information
 for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter
 are not necessarily indicative of results for any future
 quarters.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For Quarters Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016 (1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;24
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(14 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;219
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;253
433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244
816&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;188
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;293
094&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;252
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;107
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133
607&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;91
531&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
767&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;157
010&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
309&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
788&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
819&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
166&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
530&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
032&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.11&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 140px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;During the fourth quarter of 2016
 the Company recorded a $3.6&amp;#xA0;million decrease in stock-based
 compensation expense related to the planned retirement of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer in 2018.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Q. Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 As disclosed in Note L
 on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 the Company granted
 stock options and restricted stock awards and employees elected to
 purchase shares under the investment share purchase program.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 As disclosed in Form &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;8-K&lt;/font&gt;
 filed with the SEC on February&amp;#xA0;6
 2017
 the Company
 announcement the planned retirement of its Chief Executive Officer
 expected in 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after the balance
 sheet date
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and concluded that there was no
 event of which management was aware that occurred after the balance
 sheet date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to current year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to prior year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discount Accrual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
892&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
078&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(33
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
970&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
045&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stale Beer Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Refundable Deposits on Kegs and Pallets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and cans and such kegs
 bottles and cans
 are shipped on pallets to Distributors. Most kegs and pallets are
 owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated
 useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase.
 Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a
 refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in
 current liabilities in the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon
 return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is
 refunded to the Distributor.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&amp;#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $1.4&amp;#xA0;million and $1.4&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $0.9&amp;#xA0;million
 $1.2&amp;#xA0;million and $1.2&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheet includes $14.3&amp;#xA0;million and
 $17.1&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs
 and pallets and $12.0&amp;#xA0;million and $18.9&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Excise Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &amp;#x201C;TTB&amp;#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units shipped and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Prepaid malt and barley&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Excise and other tax receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
093&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Insurance cash surrender value&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Supplier rebates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
929&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Prepaid insurance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Lease incentive receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
731&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
053&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;D. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid malt and barley&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excise and other tax receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
093&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Insurance cash surrender value&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Supplier rebates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
929&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid insurance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lease incentive receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
731&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
053&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based upon
 the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Kegs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Computer software and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;2 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production
 agreement
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or
 estimated useful life of the asset&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;12 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of
 the building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Programs and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
 ASC Topic &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;605-50
&lt;/font&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition &amp;#x2014; Customer Payments and
 Incentives
&lt;/i&gt; based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts
 paid to customers totaled $54.4&amp;#xA0;million
 $55.3&amp;#xA0;million
 and $52.4&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal year 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $33.2&amp;#xA0;million
 $33.2&amp;#xA0;million
 and $28.5&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for
 discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net
 revenue. Agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain
 Distributors&amp;#x2019; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in
 order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of
 the discount allowance requires that management make certain
 estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of
 revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed
 and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by
 the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated
 allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 products may include
 but are not limited to &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;point-of-sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; and merchandise
 placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at
 retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid
 to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $21.2&amp;#xA0;million
 $22.1&amp;#xA0;million
 and $23.9&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. In 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the
 Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of
 $16.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $16.6&amp;#xA0;million
 and $18.7&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized as
 reduction to net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other
 promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the
 consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below
 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2016 and December 26

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 if later


 or persons on leave from the Company who are employed by Local Union #1199

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 or the term of the production agreement

  
  

 or the remaining useful life of the building

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      



    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    












000 shares to Class A Common Stock on May 6
 2015
 100
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on October 26
 2015
 125
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on November 4
 2016 and 45
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on November 30
 2016
































  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2016-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2016-01-31
  xmlns:sam=http://www.bostonbeer.com/20161231
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2016-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2016-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2016-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.bostonbeer.com/20161231




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


























































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    



 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure

    




    



 Net


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $0 and $244 as of December 31
 2016 and December 26
 2015







    


    
    
    


    
    
    











 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant and Equipment





    
    








    
    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    



 Noncash Items

    



 Share-based Compensation

    




    


    
    
    




    




    






    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    










    
    




    




    
    
    
    




    




    



 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents





    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    















 Shares






 Shares






 Value

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Credit Risk

    








    
    




    


    
    






    


































    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    








    
    
    



 Interest Rate

    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    



 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid




 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid




 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    
    



 State and Local

    


    
    




    




    




    




    
    




    



 Capital Loss Carryforwards


 Capital Loss Carryforwards

    




    




    




    




    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    




    




    




    



 Net

    




    



 Property







    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation






 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation









    






    










    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    




    






    




    






    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    


    
    
    



 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share

    










    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    




    



 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class





    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    





 Percent




 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    



 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity

    



 Other Adjustments

    



 State and Local Income Taxes


















 Nonvested Awards

    
    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized











    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    




















    
    


    
    


    
    



 Inputs


 Inputs




 Inputs


 Inputs









    
    



 Measurements


 Measurements





    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    




    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    



 Goodwill

    



 Intangible Assets

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    












    
    
    






    




    


    
    


    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Nonoperating

    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods

    










    
    




    




    




    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    



 Work in Process

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    






    














    
    


    






    



 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest

    


    
    








    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Rent Expense

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    



 Miscellaneous

    




    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 Net of Tax

    





 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Tax






 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax

    















 Net of Tax

    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Reclassification Adjustments






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 before Reclassification Adjustments






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans





    




    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Plant





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Plant





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment










 Plant and Equipment

    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment
 Gross




 Plant and Equipment
 Gross












 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment




 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    



 Goods

    
    








    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Basic and Diluted


 Basic and Diluted


 Basic and Diluted




 Basic and Diluted


 Basic and Diluted


 Basic and Diluted




 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class




 Basic
 by Common Class






 Diluted
 by Common Class





    
    










    






    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    


    


    





 General and Administrative Expenses

    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Discount from Market Price

    


    


    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions


 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 a factor representing the value of the underlying stock as a multiple of the exercise price of the option which
 if achieved


 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    




    




    



 Options

    



 Options


 Options

    


    
    
    



 Options


 Options






 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options

    



 Options

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    
    
    



 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    
    



 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    


    
    





 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested in Period

    



 Options
 Vested






 Options
 Vested





    


    






    


    
    


    
    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options
 Expirations in Period

    



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    










    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    



 Options



    



 Value







    
    




    
    






    






    
    
    



 Cumulative Shares Repurchased


 Cumulative Shares Repurchased

    
    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    




    



 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)







    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    




    
    




    
    




    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g301299g79r24.jpg

M87 O



RUC
#$Q(#8V+C$T
M-38V
2P@
C Q
B\P



M;G



#$W
M+3 R+3$X5# Y.C W.C(R*S U.C


#(M
3A4
#DZ

C(K
#4Z
S \






14%!0T%1
M341!9U%#0F=C1$)!24=!;DU06=-4D)!049)4DEX459%1T4R16EC645537!'
M:$)X5WA1:5!)B-X03M5=$AH37A::3A#4GEG=D5L47I25&MQ2WE9
U!#3E51


M445!06A%1$)#15--545&55).:$EG6GAG6D5Y)B-X03MO8DAW1DU(4C133D-&



#!.:$9:;WAK1710
M5&IE
T4P8UA':6PU0G5(
E963E$O24M+*VIS;UID8G!&83)E;C)C:W8Q3T]3
M95)D4$5+;$
P)B-X03MS:VMF
65546
O465.;#E1.&E72'=L5DYD4R]+3G!T



M

M8E@O04IX=3 R
70U;UE.6#E

7)+4S%C4C)O)B-X03M21VYB5%8P-4QH
%=8

'I49%$P-4IR

C)U43-M
M)B-X03MS0R]B5SE++U)4=DQA2E9#;'9B=U%80DIK6G!*27IA*W X5&9A3E4T



M.5A79BM75S



M+W!)9B]Q:&ER=E8Q;B]L;'0O.$%P268O04MO67$W
61:+S5:)B-X03MB9CA!

M:7)V5C%N+T%*6F)F+W!)9B]Q:&ER=E8Q;B]L;'0O*VMH+RMQ1TMU.5A79BM7
M5S


K=#0S835V

]U62]%2$%Q=C9-;BLO=T(O=50O;6Y&6&5J2B]V.2]U5]M

M*S50*V%C5F0V36XK+S
K-5 K86-69#9-;BLO=T(O=50O;6Y&6&5J2B]V.2]U


M;BLO

03 U

M)B-X03M!2#AN+T)$*W5+=2MT5W8K+VLO-$EF
7A6
S%Q
2\S.&XO0D0K=4MU

7$Q+S
X;B]1MU2W4K=%=V*R]K)B-X03LO=T-#
M2#EC5F0Y871F.2]*+W=!15 V-'$W-C%A+W=#+VLO-$EF
7A6
S%Q
2]W0B]*





&EW
6I43&I43E%2-4Q+-U0P-VE/3U-3
M1FU1.58Y4TIK8U8W
&)C8EEQ)B-X03MK;6XO04I:*U-D4#%!86AA86-9-W8V

R]J35 X
M06MZ2&EQ2GA6)B-X03LR2W5X5C)+=7A6

&)Z




X:D1&56):


GI0FE0.$%L
M4FMB-W-R67%U=#EE:5=:8EA5-&IP,30U-'AR)B-X03M)43!-<\T<&XR5B\Y
M53A8+W=!;D989C1K
'E5;$Q!=G%C9U!(:EI

'
W=GDV

6PS2$=N.7I(-&M91E8O5VLO


M=R]W0C9F.#%9)B-X03MQ-S%P4#DX4#DV9C@Q67$W
7!0.3A0.$%E;B].5TMU
M.6%4+V9$+V5N+TY72W4Y850O9D0O04AP+WI6:7)V5VLO


M)B-X03LT0DIH8T%B:VMP+WI6:7%4=')';S9N.$=J46Q
56UK;7%Y0D-L4#A!

S%R)B-X03M826Y3
M56%P3W=E-$UK9$]
;&DY3G%B04-G-D%!67%Y6#%P4#DX4#A!96XO3E=+=3EA

V4&135DLR
M)B-X03LQ-WAJ:V]P;U-+37ES=&5J2U-P-TA&5U12
TIK4EI%:&1K8T)L649.

V

VUB
M4EE*1$A095%24T19;S@X0W-0;TUM2W-6+TU

M9U
S:E=*

GA6)B-X03MM*VXS.6YQ3FAB
SEL
M2W


M;7IG:6UV3%
Y+U)T:F-Z
W%1)B-X03MV3F%A9W)/6C=I1T)J-G9P1#1E5&-E

M3%9R4W=#3$IY)B-X03ML=5IQ:3)T25)Z;6Q)-FA&.$(S63!697)%1$951BMI
M8G)60TID8F]
9G%M:TEE54DX4')$9C=U8B]**W=00FE!

MA
VLO5DQV.'@O3'5P


S+T%*
E0O;'HO04]3=4)60S=V9%AT5C585C-P
6]P+S-:2UAO0E=L
M84TP9&8K0T=+;TTV*S%0
V5V)B-X03MA8D]A5C17.71*3R\O07A83'0K1T97

S=
*V@W-4LW

M16EG




%):23%E
M24EN0D)Y-2]%-'A6;61U2FIC

31Q;$(Q6%5D4UEX)B-X03MA2DI%

M.5EV2FQ
C%743-#3DEP-'%P<E%5+UIQ,DMV53)M5V1M5V9626]#2V-O-3=Y
M839U;G!T43)D)B-X03MR3VM)4MQ6#DQ=V]63%!Y-6]+3TI%
'%F5G)J64]:

S

$511D97-6Q+3T\S


&-P:6MJ
M655:2&I

M5DEI

VXO041K
M1F
R

G5


M)B-X03M#

F%R87I.3$A
64-+5S!Q6G5%


M





6$O-RM4+V=H+UA&6&97



7$Q+S




5DV-6]T;EIA
M)B-X03ME
3%:6'IY3&980W!)=VE#;4U
5C!(0U T6&0K56UX-&-2.%1#:7%/









8B]!
M4%-1+W=$
5%X5C-Q-GHO04US='8O




M:W-&1S



M)B-X03MO
7AR6&PK*S!Q


M964S2#576#@O;64U
7 Y9#1X6$8Y0F1I

M
6%B25-N2&IX0W%P:C5

71%9VQJ








94
O6%
P=6Y3
M0U-+5S1K5C-89SEU:W=64W-

Y.&UP



P26\Q




7A6


VPP5S1T:#5A


M


FMA3SEP


M)B-X03MQ.6\S;%
P83%K.4PQ241A



M)B-X03MA5%-!2V]K83)S*V9&04963UA
;'@T2T8T
6]6*TAP=&EQ8E-Q-C9A
M.6IA-F4X35%H34U%4RMG:V%




Z9&
](FAT=' Z+R]P=7)L+F]R






BB @( @( @( @('AM;&YS.G-T1FYT/2)H='1P.B\O;G
N861O8F4N

BB @( @( @( @('AM;&YS.GAM

]G+R(^B @( @( @



M/2)297-O=7)C92(^B @( @( @( @(#QS=$1I;3IW/C8Q
BXP
# P
# \

BXP
# P
# \+W-T


M;G0Z9F]N=$YA;64^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$9N=#IF;VYT1F%M





#$N

M;W-I=&4^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$9N=#IF;VYT1FEL94YA;64^
M2%9?7U]?7U\N4$9.R!(5E]?7U]?7RY01DT\+W-T1FYT.F9O;G1&:6QE3F%M
M93X*( @( @( @( @( @/]R9&8Z;&D^B @( @( @( @( @(#QR



M96QV971I8V$\+W-T1FYT.F9O;G1&86UI;'D^B @( @( @( @( @( @
M(#QS=$9N=#IF;VYT1F%C93Y;VQD/]S=$9N=#IF;VYT1F%C93X*( @( @



M/C P
2XP

M( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T1FYT.F9O;G1&:6QE3F%M93Y(5D)?7U]?









N861O

BB @( @( @
M( @('AM;&YS.G-T4F5F/2)H='1P.B\O;G


S9#-C(U13PO

M;G1)1#YX;7 N9&ED.D0U-#(X03E!




M8V5)1#YX;7 N:6ED.D0U-#(X03E!

M=VAE;CXR
#$U+3 R+3(Q5# R.C S.C4U*S U.C







3$X1#(V
M.#5#0C(S-D
V

3$X1#(V
M.#5#0C(S-D
V

CA!.4$R-D(Y
M130Q
3E#
S)$-4
T.# T



Z17AT

N8V]M+VUE=&$O






#@W


#@W-C X-S




M+C)?0VAE8VMS=6T^
3@X-S@S-S@P

M=%-E;G-E7S$N
E]#:&5C:W-U;3X*( @( @( @( @( @( @/$5X=&5N






M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @








M9SG+TGD2(VPW(WQ@+1O6^$)#FIZ01N!/
I;*.IIR8^VPS75
K8UB@XF]G;$Q



HHLW'*:EQPMOM




NT^XAU!JKQYZAJ*4

M7=0LM2%\FR)3DR

[KA



VVD\H&02PU5-6;@FA#@1A?^'\J^9UJ_JBE;%[5[9W:Q

MP%
#NO)&PNT&J$\0^_




MHLM:D1*
W'


T


]$%+7=
D%)EULRDQ60Y3#D'V0QLW#3


]5UF8


VO$589M#D4T4F/D



W!
L/9M)8!T^EA(R;


M2 FK1T5?/$@1$@@H!E!\SPA0$0
*36)N*)0W
*J7*IB) VUWL?C:U=C)'F#:










MM
4/T:2:];GKJH8% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@%

M#H&9Q(
-O)!CPD$5+D?-[))%R &#63AB10J3-IR)<D2/%2I<N< '! P


M8R\F-]XM-.5FNT49&.D&O(3UPD=]-XD


/)SH4GLFQH

Y\[]Z+0ZII:'Z7L6(

M3E5J'RRFV9'O; GSQI\()XD1

&V\VWRJ^5B[#3
MB:
&([)#?;*8#1:CSEM41UN4'.WT!-25M_K#?3/
R*J.U0)%P3ZH)B5QD9

M



!O*KN*FVW?#)M'A50T2$$/GVUD$#DW#



MV6G(HM^: Z1R@OQRZ)$U3@=Z+\2-YO-&.5-Q1JV%
PUFFT;86:C6)6
I^80[

( )9$


MU=3()HHV14L=4CI@(/$4P)ED)/+EG!0*[K%KLYV5)\;N.$HP78_FMYF)$EUF
M*S

?-QVG$%&'


MTTUH!D
DO!M$D



MAVQ^30LM.4VF\W+G4YD1:AZN0$HI*O6O\ $L5*B W%]H(9]B
=!;9I':[K

C'T]NR*\PI%?B$2




0F.!


1K%


WRYE+$24L
MX[70XW&.1)8@ELUA;4SUP^?-C9Y#7%B^K%6N;)*GH?BM3$C 90CUH'184.X*
M,1&4)/&SC8^$VCK-#.
O+

G/P!.+O5^BECY 8+)UNL%(
M3

MM9:
RT-/;4?2

Y<8KF&XE%)(-EO%$XXI6'')@(J9@!GA

M H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0
M@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% *
M4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0
M@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% *

/)&'

M9K-..3



MR9YEREMX1?$L

E\A

;WN8?IAX!)Z:F)*;$4B7.!D@6@8&-


















&'&5#1D[ NX#!P/FC8ZV#B6L&JC&@OQ1@4_B
M/F.'\@7++'U4!]B-EMBDDE-%;R&(G(!@D;0D\1)(9DD4TFXWP3C*25R+W 3C


3:LAJHX@@(8QW970TAV* PP0H01-!.'S @H




MF8E3]?\ 9..GX;@37;-O$6P%L$V6L@$75)2HMF\) !5EV-6*D1:^CAEYFFF$
M-4O$\UZY^R2BF:R.S
Q-*B*Z]AI?6]9Y5?$;[01WN^QX=B@FR@#SI8RQ-3@B

$L%+YMHKJ@&1N+*IT:;ZQ;E2JZT
M@SHQ$VWSHGC!H.Y4\^.QJQXRFVYUNPPIBRPX4-MIJ8M*EC ]L1Q_.D5
F^










M 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0%F9!V.UYB5
M; ;
JSQ#

*3)DL81#

M6

MLL0TF*&^


M@=^F&_0X@FV&4W'5V/D5$0Y\8V$;O9R)).1YA. O(JR

@8.#U?!487E_$\J\ESRT)M_@G

MR:B*Y5M)/N[



M2J-XVX\&Y
I

M@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% 1&GS?'4/653+M



9!

-:?46QR]%@$F

#B886S&$OD$M9-G0
MF===?CC3=S#




7HI0WYC1; W6W0X5Q7






MH;*.M368W-LB'6^[E-ZB%6VN1PC-TF34'['[MH)5




MZOJAI1-3 ;AOY!::]]MD)A@9OA6_MW/I
!

@0T]M$O8J:P_
MPKUQ?
]'3QV)40GP?NH.MP*@% D.$HC&6



NN;;]7X4PO0O[Z)VM^M9+[Z)B

M(775[CT3M;]:R7WT3%X[I+Z:+80NNKW'HG:WZUDOOHF+QW27TT6PA==7N/1.
MUOUK)??1
.Z2^FBV)ZZO
.Z2^FBV$+KJ]QZ)VM^M9
M+[Z)B\=TE]-%L(775[CT3M;]:R7WT3%X[I+Z:+80NNKW,<';[N:T<%[!B;+


H.BD%0X461Q2 I6
MZ7TT6QO'\%X%




O*W'QXTEV6F$<^I:X]OZ=1T^W_7/DMG@




M8E[7MB-C;UTE]-%L6



[C?BY6!LG
M$ZG&Q;
T?NY\8QXNN9
MQKTFE!Q.E;<;C9+*C3;@:,EN(!)N1<JPMF22FA%#(EDM(5C5\!0!UQ_&3PM)
M/YDU6,G*FC9^@K0\XH!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H




M?)S%^4=0E1992VO;%/)+OCQ$[Y+

P$9=SM.BB

M;
B



O2/W/H0 X&K\&[G=G[%%)RX2.((X3(M82X@6_ +
MO6(]FTFNI=1SJ GJ#K2FLJ/!D -%L *)MP% E)8&6#3I(-_/!&P(@&35AO'

230-N233R@!(J%;^X,N6##!P
MM_Z,<+6H0YM * 4 H!0@% * C'%WY26U'^#!?\ LE8H5Y+M^62<H04 H!0
M@% * \YNP77;4*

$H
XDDX4Y)US4J8?ZC-Q0R* 4 H!0$9

G067&JSY




)@) F\1S^$O:6%6_+

M$&255K\

?
MQ,8BWRR&&V\W)*RA!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H,<7?E);4?X,%_PR5BA7

\&&VW-.$.+:E.



@D5(







TE_?N9VO'0F(6'J$


O'A67NK:;\TT2Y
M$NX&B+175Y+&2=?&GKG$@1S^*JH



+& VISP0&2O%R]CSG&X79Z
UQX73$T[
2P
M?C%N_P QJP[/1F95UJAZ5HN]Y+!^
6[_ #&D.ST8E76J'I6B[WDL'XQ;O\QI
M#L]&)5UJAZ5HN]Y+!^
6[_

MB[WDL'XQ;O\ 

M\QI#L]&)5UJAZ5HN]Y+!^
6[_

MJAZ5HN]Y+!^
6[_

9NFV_FMVQ



MQ-'

MZ8JKQ1R6-C*F9L
#E0S!-344:?I?:\EO]*F9N3E*J
0

4B-FXC)X\?



M)*;31:: FHR$D$0KWRYLJ1)EPPN='%S$
G#0EA#9\X
.=.CF#8XPV8S
U=65

5VRDM)&+)@

MC4 RB[(J*M]V8[);/B/(XK
YGN

M0!8+J[B7@+IA=*$^+@P88=5






M0=#D[

MIAO$
XG&RIH(
; .O

MK([:P4 $-J30\M(*S&X93((JD
I]FG2H-H4F!DD.O!.%$2L!V^$L.)OBPI



M:G?H!+]E _AT!\$4L+#,04FGAAAXY9B"%R^&&&&-N/++//+V...-K7OEE


V(




!VQX_AXL
5JJ4RL_WD?HQE1A3!4L.
5&
M(C#%P1A21C


M04(*V%\



MH@W*A]FA2')BU+2X1:


M_5056
_X,@%#(H!0@% * 4

44/G  FY#K (N:3




4#









MKWJ^!%Y)A




.&3GAIBZF[!L'^%[<DX ^
M]1'-)#J




]J#A?35
M7B]RQ^Q?0ZSS)$CD9
1S=N7#$CC#(ZVQI0CW0+=]8-MYU-A7).%#P7$)4UL

M$&&\NMA]P#PN/LC)Z$Y5I




)&R^I
MO -OV=)%=^T^&F-]@%Q7*F9
O(^Q20T'O=9#1TTL4Z0-LQ*:$
DF_








&?8YK^




G6T9XYBB6%
Y.=


M[4]H)P
2+8RBU.\SQE'3$CI)Y..'FMB-%OM%.Y&'%R











MUV(89\$UJ\ULLC.O+EV0T^/Y97RX]7=CY38#6MQ7XP\
HF75UX0H* #E?E!E





MK7XUH7
TRM;;P5K0^A!


M) K!T

M$MU2[&6X^OT2Q1:(6O&[/.MZ(I CO420GV7;9:=E]:9RR]T5D2?)Z^$JR$KK
M1$\Y

]RK%[ZUY@O9J49379:







DGX(5OW:0^FJ

MNJJ^RY]\NLPGT$'ZN8 R*B[

H.LT1




M\





MS%+F6;E_6..S%L.?U[X
[7^\!(F 0-KX@$UG8AUIJ]


MUN6' QG/(
SN(44/FAQ7%


--4FMV(\ 





H@VX[A\VIJ



I.(UIP85B,@[$1E+Q'D80@#@C/J9WK(KRN-D7=;G;\Q!LR/V4:4


IQ&M3&?$]?'QCG)8-/
R9O?+Y65S @M\LO7EQW]=6'TU
M6YC_ !

]9XQYGT:ZEMN/?)^3Y/T'US;33YCD\7)YGSWD_F
MN3Q6Y/(Y/%Q6XJ1VU6YGC=L6G]2]MI**V]5F7)-K6]5K69MZO\ _%(?35;C


DGX(5OW:
QDD_!M^[2'TU6XXOMQ:#TEEO8R2?@A6_=I#Z:K<<7VXM!Z2RWL9)/




MDA&RAH(0 R5

MQQ?;BT

M?RFXJ;7MKG[EN%C1O5)P-1MLE9AM/MYK#O08D

&-L<,,,,;6QPPPQM;'''&UL<<;6M:UK6H0C/'_Y56R?
M^7&M_P#K370O)=W[(DW0@H!0@% * 4 H!0@% 6WEN8(N@:/G'*TS/UKQI'
M32)W/.!WN]6+(Z.0OE8

M)NBJ8UNDNW/*?B8^$D71?250_XLGJ*=FU]S]CT$3Y/*C)N*Y8475Z-%LX@

5C(:HON=OY5ZK/TI/-JAD*@77F&-8H[38J@F/D
6.&&-KY97M:U[T! N2.% T2C1PLD;89JR1(X?+#QBN 2#CV
E'
WCE8/
M @*P8
1G^Y$XV*+? +#%8()P.%Q

M;9


.P?+SPQR$AODW^QF?EZ\+?
B7._(;0R(WFG1

M$!*()9

QI+RH<OBQQ

S
O%DM\!G 3Y&=L:/-!VKV% $#Q-R\WDF:^$4V&5E;#*X

MU%OZHZJP]%_
!9^O


M * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% 1CB[\I+:C_  8+_P!DK%O)=OR


:6I-D5((Q_++953
QF$5T2
Z'=

M$PZ.
NV/E?(+
T


ME%V

M'%^2L;



MXK57@\-I)

.+'E
M\L.)\H79*=?XO)7;TV?X-7@]VX


YA\K']K7$QMD6+%DGBZU?DQLO?\)#U35C1MT]U\V
M_P!Y')B+F7(PO![J3F::


M8E63W24-_+4VWL?OQ


(*:3
$(/B1^EKY :;M3CQ8R

2)5-3B@=OF#+$B80)8#WYL @L
?_10P=E0@% * 4 H!0@% *
M 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0$8XN_*2VH_P &_\ 9*Q0

MTUOI%E5PJI-!0$RZDK&2A.R@MKBBGHR03N-Y0I*IXFGDPQC9D$'
%S'GN#
MFT^W8IN9HJ*@LB+=?#[R&




5$ V\B9^KH

ID-86W-WPYSY-#7#B6::[T]
MRSCOX8^%$/$3-K:Y[FO


M3N/^Q=0CK5AK['+(XM^.W** .$ 6V7XO$3+*_P D7@S_ (GU6!_F(R_:Q;J_




16O!#59&V2Q
M&+024I!(IY-GK+(UJCV


D0-PENK.BQ+)IP/P;#?UH$SQP(6091D'3'4IWKX^66-@L?
M1DTY#D[8UU&#(G(R&$RB156A#%\?*RF1H0/$03A;_FGM+CI



M.UA@AM22Z 0



ML\OE9)2H972PUKY!F\C(%^:L

M@% * 4 H!0$8XN_*2VH_P &_\ 9*Q0KR7;\LDY0@H!0@% * 4 H!0@%



M^)@8(#)/S

+$'!-BMJ

$4HIA& \








M?CX_E7OZ^

$90 -E
!

+(3BG-XW_ *__ 
GYP4@1
MW(L?R2ZHQD-I.!M2@VG4H-9T
Q62QRCB3G66/YDSB0.E8A6%\LR/7YL (L'F
M&9L(%F3YT$8'+

M!HF9PQY.-DVZOQ#KY%# !5GG)XI


M
(:K1SK47Q+P#I[JC$(G-Y!#J;#5+M]?4+9V
MY(@BPY24#AN!:

M=T?8Q2EWHMR5LM7L/.DP^PL:]Z[H^QBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V
4I=Z


MDP^PL:]Z[H^QBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

MH^QBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

MBMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

M'V%C7O7='V

MV


MLM7L/.DP^PL:]Z[H^QBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

MPL:]Z[H^QBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

MBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

MJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

MC7O7='V

4


ML/.DP^PL:]Z[H^QBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

M]Z[H^QBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

MO1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

MYTF'V%C7O7='V

M7='V



TJ.D)S?2$I!1RN!%)1$TBD)9(/(3

FG)I


M!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4!&.+ORDMJ/\&_P#9*Q0KR7;\LDY0


MEDLU)85!RQ$GB;4CQ

A
D?\ Y56R?^7&M_\ K370O)=W[(DW0@H!0@%
M * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4


MBB
6*X%6RZO
N/&6TUM;MF*)995VXVTU'4E6PABV(^=E$X3&-VS&QQ%RL-QB

&

S7E88;-PMY:&PSP

M8F:YO-D*UL2_



%_PR5BA7DNWY9)RA!0@
M% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0$9(__*JV3_RXUO\ ]::Z%Y+N_9$FZ$% * 4 H!0



!J@;/9:]YE5[DA4IYI=^;?[VZU4




MY7


M@'4OUW]EG=WR35]H= .I?KO[+.[ODFK[0Z =2_7?V6=W?)-7VAT ZE^N_LL[
MN^2:OM#H!U+]=_99W=\DU?:'0#J7Z[^RSN[Y)J^T.@'4OUW]EG=WR35]H= .


MDFK[0Z =2_7?V6=W?)-7VAT ZE^N_LL[N^2:OM#H!U+]=_99W=\DU?:'0#J7
MZ[^RSN[Y)J^T.@'4OUW]EG=WR35]H= .I?KO[+.[ODFK[0Z =2_7?V6=W?)-

MH0=2_7?V6=W?)-7VAT ZE^N_LL[N^2:OM#H!U+]=_99W=\DU?:'0#J7Z[^RS
MN[Y)J^T.@'4OUW]EG=WR35]H= .I?KO[+.[ODFK[0Z =2_7?V6=W?)-7VAT
MZE^N_LL[N^2:OM#H!U+]=_99W=\DU?:'0%

DDE-

M.[ODFK[0Z =2_7?V6=W?)-7VAT ZE^N_LL[N^2:OM#H!U+]=_99W=\DU?:'0
M#J7Z[^RSN[Y)J^T.@'4OUW]EG=WR35]H= .I?KO[+.[ODFK[0Z =2_7?V6=W

=SH8K9Y(DA\J^+*9PWF;B);Y N*#84/\7GA0.O
MCPH*ZZE^N_LL[N^2:OM#H!U+]=_99W=\DU?:'0#J7Z[^RSN[Y)J^T.@'4OUW
M]EG=WR35]H= .I?KO[+.[ODFK[0Z =2_7?V6=W?)-7VAT ZE^N_LL[N^2:OM
M#H!U+]=_99W=\DU?:'0#J7Z[^RSN[Y)J^T.@'4OUW]EG=WR35]H= =Q6NK=

Y@9@!C8 #9 B&N5

SR
L



4@HE8H6V6JJ339#F?R





M*$25=

00$Y0.%E
NZCXQ=7)4
MCK*Y]^7]_0FQ0@H!0@% * 4 H##9

P;*
Z3I@?\

9IY

AO:MLRW*4?



K7R8G]:7!& PUJ*H.CAHL\VTD=9
M





;/.?Y*




M1H0.STEX; 34KX


MU2JH];5?3


MH[#32TU=?*
I;8B$63B+S4
VZB-=$7D=)406PAI(@26@AJF2BXP$LH4#=:B;





R%TD&DIZ8HGI7IT_H?6B$D3OTV1F'L^YY*6
M9/E'7Q

T[#L:

M2:F@O9744QP6*..7)QSG]TKR,JM"@% * 4 H!0'!4Q# *:H#%#!$J:(FQ



N.UDN.'S;N+ ++@7!N%TFORU])?F%9S!= [


7

MWGHWP6JZT5$C-IIB:OMPJ=)J1-&4RA-+!!
D2*DG)ZDG@Y8\1!1($3Q/F#90
MN

M6Z3I4DIA0KA$PS6
7J4!=.1S);Q\NN)+_=/:G8K(=J-DTZ4I\&6^CCO)#;
MZ^U$9TC)Q41P)39=2BVU=RM]/5L@KG2B.OJK.::BL)P V!50.MI#
F@A1DPG
MF!4% * 4 H!0@% * CVD:F:PH$C&Y?0]?X@2)3/KR^Z3LAIS ;1-X&W(ZO
M.'29=


21QADA
11




MG/!?5'0YCBTY I985!7&O6.G!\%A1Q,A+OT]+%QVFTFLPFRA,MD-Q#:#0:Z
M631&VUVRE$4-OH.G@XER*6CI: 6()Q H!AB$7*%  @ L,;8X86M0%0T H!
M0@% * 4!:6=?H-G@)  FJ(X[E8%JF#YMLAO]I(CJQ0#2J  64S198)F_-

M0PL32LL'Q1#BFH#6S-'3(F8Y@003*^5P.]H!0@% * 4 HA9(C.9B:A'\
MKL9JR.QU8RD'5-HO53G(W3YQ 6+@0C1M(52YHB.81UU+35E
&$!R$(J9 F

:UPKFPB3F/O(HT
8\;02  YU9% ;:RLAIH2?
M@7L;7&V7!;J]\BX2X@87158




MS)CAQ6DKHNE=+[#V0;M2RCYX\F\I\\V:=[M.RY?+SQ9J7NVK'K(=[D*2\-
M* 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H
M!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@%
M * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4
MH!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@
M% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0%AG=M1K#'[D56:_-CH&9+P0AH2XU
M'=+\?-MR(PIY/**Q()50EEPDE1.$.)2@04RN!LJ#D83SI0X%;

























M%W

ME=0A&/7[_I#W'_\ $XG_ /TNZST*\EV_+).4(* 4 H#KCRPDI=P\5-43D[(:


M

-GB$$$$'C?+


MRPL.3

M



MA&2ILJ

8&=@Q\,,\<L@1,@\!L0Q<;7O<//((4(6V.=K97#$PSM;DYXW
MN!N4 H!0@% * 4!UA):1E
=2*IJLF*!E&



UL<;8




)F5%2.%4]/) B&#AX\8!*

R34L0LTX
F!8C*1\FG@YB6P%/&@@68M\<L[!XB#YAXY7QPSRMA:]\



ZM=!LJIMUS$E92R1K


MV

E? 0HX$L8 B43;X)PH5
MQ\+YW'3 _A0^)1W^;VPHS2
V.^&(+-!JEE79G1 !4+MM# 4@5W4N=5Q;!/A)
MA4

HL*H9C$3!05H8990-V&-@88A#8XV'/Y+8O]R_\ !76VVNG




.#8UU:C)K

M+79XF!)M*2P&9HHXFU?]VS.Z
MG9&3N#RW_8SL*RB_5IXQ?
+6A%%?K


-E2*VF
N 6V



V(4I[#VFB\]
<C<H!2 4


MDMFR OQBVD
&TD$6')Z\@*F#*:;.4AT WF@O)MM


6
@A&6LO3TLRRM&E!8V2:AM 42T#Q6^4/-O

?+!9N]Q<R(\<I+V).*N

B-MJY) +-,XML76LT8 /H02B&$O(]P'@KFGDGI
MJ^3!1S_:/OSC^Q:%ARQMV[HM0G@U%;:I\(;N;*26FEQ++8.HN#6=XTXHA=MJ
MT(X

-MXPHN$X0



)J
MH9%-2U-8. BB..5IUY=84?N5L7C%.RIW8G93H4JRY&L?R%+SN?&3FCVR*G#N


+ =$E

M;+''$%'.JZ./
/V

:/EZ
V6M&I;=K:;*LK-B
6OJ+
J4O/Q?*E1
M

^#Q5
M/P@Y]

MSBV$EOGVHGY)S4LURI%36;E3]R(UB_PT_EXL2[Q[X#+O!+:WS0W:J'=E9@U9


]'CDVXG)FT2\$@Y(K&01 $DF.?/]E3L&TG
M\N3ZQ$UY+/GV9

=22EFG:=9

M'X%4$1[$

MQA:-G%K/!S))1PYF8=8:HM[


^]1






M7$TO%(GKV_NIL-72YTS;LC/DVOE/8T?-Y1VRUCG)FKRCKUF5V(7BL3:QZ9K%

9$3!)A)=&G6F;Y1;)S
MG4[#9^)7HL;@$91C9@K+GFRR?!S#CI5?6MS


M
\H\(OESNE/0[.5@+3H=*



1FI$
M[#E04OMEIT6,AZOHLE[R&XHU 6T]G-C(PWAF*E8F$UNL%:?QD411TOTF52
MO3]=#N3F6]19CY+TBK6Q!QR+LC02PU1/9Z201$EJM/J4QT\)'?PC3AQB2
^S
MO2':H-P


MU&7#49D62XHY+FHF
NI=%%A5LI?FD=.^3F3M




M--S *=F


$G._&XV'
M$OBH2'BFE'855'#D_DF

M*;(EI':98W24I

MAAK:F&\BZ$ E88IF3!+N'%0 C$T0S
%Y[3W!]_4VGW[Y]#4X/IQ?[E_P#AJ?KA^$?-[A


)]@E)

KA1RCR:9J1-B='
M5U@%G&B#O=%:&J


MLOG2&EFN?/F6%4%_A
N=F08 S* :C@M+ #W3BS-6!T9 :]]KX])(Y^#585D8

_
E)4;XO3)DBF00IRC-W

&ON5UJ
P.()03XYRQ::

!24'XG&226*DG.5%3T57VF_JD98=6Q9/'@Y
MIR_FXA7ADI/KR(=YE!!\F8\QD)UXP^:D BF%2)
E(1J([


8?[^^Q(*@/SN]V/RS-M__$Y/?_S4==#NLEV7L?HB4.!C^C?8
MS7N


MUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=
MGHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XI
MH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1
M=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3
MW[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^U
MAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-
M.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQ
MUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=
MGHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XI
MH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1=XIH(=GHQUT-.^UAK3W[1



ZZ&G?:PUI[]HN\4T$.ST8ZZ&G?:PUI[]HN

end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Feb. 17
 2017
Jun. 25
 2016































  2016







































































































396
100
000





















Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



306
471























Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



197
355









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015











035


193



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $0 and $244 as of December 31
 2016 and December 26
 2015
 respectively

694


984





499


462





731


053





928


928





351


983





238


603



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

411


926





965


188





683


683





297


400












585


718












874


384





519


160





612


001



Debt and capital lease obligations
 less current portion








173


547





715


179



















913


096



Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax

103)







648


948





582


221





297


400














































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid nor invoiced
 and liabilities classified as other.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.

























































Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.



























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
















Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares authorized

700
000


700
000



Common Stock
 shares issued

170
956


389
005



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

170
956


389
005










Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares authorized

200
000


200
000



Common Stock
 shares issued

197
355


367
355



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

197
355


367
355







A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014





994


024
040


478






548


106


471






446


934


007






776


317


996






670


617


011



Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses


213


629


696






033


556


971



Impairment (gain on sale) of assets
 net






777






011


443


444






659


174


567













Other expense
 net




220)





Total other income (expense)
 net




164)








121


010


594






772


596


851






349


414


743


























796


520


484






349


414


743



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:





























Total other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:












197


596


027




































189


619


202






796


520


484


























344


504


766






000 shares to Class A Common Stock on May 6
 2015
 100
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on October 26
 2015
 125
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on November 4
 2016 and 45
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on November 30
 2016






























































































The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues
 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.




























Amount of gain (loss) from the difference between the sale price or salvage price and the book value of an asset that was sold or retired
 and gain (loss) from the write down of assets from their carrying value to fair value.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.


















































































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income
 net of tax



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 28
 2013



785
000


962
000









Balance at Dec. 28
 2013

085






025




349





743










743



Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit (in shares)



000











Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit

030






027









857






857









474)


000)













859)










859)







000


000)
























Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax














Balance (in shares) at Dec. 27
 2014



452
000


617
000









Balance at Dec. 27
 2014

140






909


133)


233





414










414



Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit (in shares)



000











Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit

525






522









665






665









747)


000)













705)










699)







000


000)
























Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax





























Balance (in shares) at Dec. 26
 2015



389
000


367
000









Balance at Dec. 26
 2015

221






096




948





349










349



Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit (in shares)

087


000











Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit

674






669









148






148









876)


000)













658)










649)







000


000)
























Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax





























Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2016



171
000


197
000









Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

582






913


103)


648

































































This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.













































































































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 tax benefit

524


350


353



Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 tax









































Amount of tax (expense) benefit
 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014













349


414


743














557


885


138









777



Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment








Gain on sale of property
 plant and equipment



















148


665


857





524)


350)


353)





243


986


350














534


289)


157







155)


090



Prepaid expenses
 income tax receivable and other assets

936


858


447)





811)


985







479


014


578





304)


732


019





189


683


211












Purchases of property
 plant and equipment

913)


187)


784)



Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment

855



























018)


230)


831)














658)


705)


859)





127


339


272














524


350


353







408







329)


662)


498





158)


791


878





193


402


524





035


193


402














978


078


324





064


252







000)


000





Increase (Decrease) in accounts payable for purchase of property
 plant and equipment

678


843)
















































































































































































































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.






















































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and certain subsidiaries (the
 &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) are engaged in the business of selling
 alcohol beverages throughout the United States and in selected
 international markets
 under the trade names &#x201C;The Boston Beer
 Company
&#x201D; &#x201C;Twisted Tea Brewing Company
&#x201D;
 &#x201C;Angry Orchard Cider Company&#x201D; and &#x201C;Hard Seltzer
 Beverage Company.&#x201D; The Company&#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams
 beers are produced and sold under the trade name &#x201C;The Boston
 Beer Company.&#x201D; A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a
 A&amp;S Brewing (&#x201C;A&amp;S&#x201D;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of the Company
 sells beer under various trade names that is
 produced under its own license and the Company&#x2019;s licenses. In
 2016
 sales from A&amp;S brands were less than 5% of net revenues
 in 2015
 sales from A&amp;S brands were less than 7% of net
 revenues and in 2014
 sales from A&amp;S brands were less than 2%
 of net revenues.
 






The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 

 or fifty-three week period
 ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal period 2016
 consists of fifty-three weeks and the fiscal periods 2015 and 2014
 consist of 
 weeks.

 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.

 

 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams
 Twisted Tea
 Angry
 and Truly
 brands. The
 second is the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment which
 is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company
 Coney Island Brewing
 Company
 Angel City Brewing Company and Concrete Beach Brewing
 Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They
 sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to the
 same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar
 price points and through substantially the same channels of
 distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar
 production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally
 fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the operating
 segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they are
 aggregated for financial statements purposes.

 

 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.

Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

 Cash and cash equivalents at December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 and money market instruments
 that are highly liquid investments. Cash and cash equivalents are
 carried at cost
 which approximates fair value.

 &#xA0;

 The Company has restricted cash associated with a term note
 agreement with Bank of America that was required by the
 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to fund economic development at the
 Company&#x2019;s Pennsylvania Brewery. The restricted cash subject
 to this agreement amounted to $400
000 and $456
000 at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 respectively
 and is included in other assets on the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated
 Balance Sheets.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts

 The Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.

 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company&#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.

 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of foreign wholesalers
 importers or other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &#x201C;Distributors&#x201D;). In 2016
 2015 and 2014
 sales to
 foreign Distributors were approximately 4% of total sales.
 Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized;
 however
 credit risk is minimized as a result of the large and
 diverse nature of the Company&#x2019;s customer base. There were no
 individual customer accounts receivable balances outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015 that were in
 excess of 10% of the gross accounts receivable balance on those
 dates. No individual customers represented more than 10% of the
 Company&#x2019;s revenues during fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and
 2014.

Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments

 The Company&#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) Topic 820

 Disclosures
 the carrying amount of its cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due
 to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The
 Company is not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit
 risks arising from these financial assets and liabilities.

Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory

 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at

 basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.

 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.

 &#xA0;

 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#x2019;s
 expected future usage. Provision for excess or expired inventory
 included in cost of goods sold was $4.5&#xA0;million
 $4.0&#xA0;million
 and $6.1&#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.

Property
 Plant and Equipment

 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 or the term of the production
 agreement



 
 




 
 

 or the remaining useful life of
 the building




 

 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and cans and such kegs
 bottles and cans
 are shipped on pallets to Distributors. Most kegs and pallets are
 owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&#x2019;s
 balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated
 useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase.
 Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a
 refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in
 current liabilities in the Company&#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon
 return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is
 refunded to the Distributor.

 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.1&#xA0;million
 $1.4&#xA0;million and $1.4&#xA0;million
 respectively. For the year
 ended December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $0.9&#xA0;million
 $1.2&#xA0;million and $1.2&#xA0;million
 respectively. As of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the
 Company&#x2019;s balance sheet includes $14.3&#xA0;million and
 $17.1&#xA0;million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs
 and pallets and $12.0&#xA0;million and $18.9&#xA0;million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.

 &#xA0;

 

 The Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its reporting units annually at the end of the fiscal
 month of August
 or more frequently if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company
 has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015. As of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company reporting unit amounted to
 $1.4&#xA0;million. As of December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the goodwill of the A&amp;S Brewing
 Collaborative reporting unit amounted to $2.3&#xA0;million.

 

 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.

 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015.

 

 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided when
 recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than
 not standards as defined in ASC Topic 740
 

 The calculation of the Company&#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves
 for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income
 tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards as
 defined in ACS Topic 740
 

 

 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &#x201C;TTB&#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units shipped and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.

 &#xA0;

 

 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company has deferred $5.4&#xA0;million
 and $3.9&#xA0;million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior
 to these dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.

 In certain circumstances and with the Company&#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.

 

 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.

 

 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The
 Company incurred shipping costs of $49.2&#xA0;million
 $62.2&#xA0;million
 and $62.6&#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.

 

 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing
 expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and
 entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support
 workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related
 to shipments of finished goods from manufacturing locations to
 items. Total
 advertising and sales promotional expenditures of
 $105.3&#xA0;million
 $120.1&#xA0;million
 and $100.5&#xA0;million
 were included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in
 the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.

 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.

 

 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with



 Incentives

 paid to customers totaled $54.4&#xA0;million
 $55.3&#xA0;million
 and $52.4&#xA0;million in fiscal year 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.

 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $33.2&#xA0;million
 $33.2&#xA0;million
 and $28.5&#xA0;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for
 discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net
 revenue. Agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain
 Distributors&#x2019; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in
 order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of
 the discount allowance requires that management make certain
 estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of
 revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed
 and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by
 the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated
 allowance.

 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#x2019;s
 products may include
 and merchandise
 placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at
 retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid
 to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $21.2&#xA0;million
 $22.1&#xA0;million
 and $23.9&#xA0;million
 respectively. In 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the
 Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of
 $16.1&#xA0;million
 $16.6&#xA0;million
 and $18.7&#xA0;million
 respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized as
 reduction to net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other
 promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets.

 

 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: general and administrative salary and benefit
 expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service fees
 rent and
 utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for
 general and administrative employees
 and other general and
 administrative overhead costs.

 

 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic 718
 
 (&#x201C;ASC 718&#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of
 share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on
 fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during
 which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
 the award (the requisite service period). The amount of
 compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income is based on the awards ultimately expected to
 vest
 and therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.

 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 and
 2016 stock option grants to the Company&#x2019;s Chief Executive
 Officer
 which is considered to be a market-based award and was
 valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which
 calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes
 fair value based on the most likely outcome. See Note L for further
 discussion of the application of the option-pricing models.

 

 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 method
 whichever is more dilutive.

 &#xA0;

 

 In May 2014

Revenue from
 will supersede virtually all
 existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required
 to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to
 customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration
 received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an
 entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than
 is to be applied
 retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in
 the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to
 to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB

Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective
 Date
 for one year
 making it
 effective for the year beginning December&#xA0;31
 2017
 with early
 adoption permitted as of January&#xA0;1
 2017. The Company
 in the first quarter of 2018.
 to have a material impact on
 its consolidated financial statements.

 In July 2015

Inventory (Topic
 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 is part of the
 FASB&#x2019;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The
 guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of
 the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net
 realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
 course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of
 completion
 will be effective
 prospectively for the year beginning January&#xA0;1
 2017. The
 and has preliminarily
 concluded that it will not have a significant impact on the
 consolidated financial statements.

 In November 2015

Balance Sheet
 is part of the FASB&#x2019;s
 initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires
 an entity to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax
 liabilities as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU
 permits entities
 to apply the amendments either prospectively or retrospectively.
 will be
 effective for the year beginning January&#xA0;1
 2017. The Company
 As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had $7.4&#xA0;million and
 $7.0&#xA0;million
 respectively
 of current deferred tax assets on
 the consolidated balance sheets that would be classified as
 noncurrent under the new guidance.

 In February 2016

Leases (Topic
 842)
 liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations
 created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. ASU
 will be effective
 retrospectively for the year beginning December&#xA0;30
 2018
 with
 early adoption permitted. As of December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had $15.9&#xA0;million and
 $17.5&#xA0;million
 respectively
 of contractual obligation on
 lease agreements that would be included on the consolidated balance
 sheets under the new guidance.

 In March
 2016

Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based
 is part of the FASB&#x2019;s
 initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance impacts
 several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment
 transactions
 including accounting for income taxes and
 forfeitures
 as well as classification in the statement of cash


 excess tax benefits and deficiencies as a result of stock option
 exercises and restricted stock vesting are to be recognized as
 discrete items within income tax expense or benefit in the
 statement of operations in the reporting period in which they
 occur. Additionally


 deficiencies should be classified along with other income tax cash
 will be effective for the year
 beginning January&#xA0;1
 2017 and may be applied retrospectively
 will have on the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements will mainly
 depend on unpredictable future events
 including the timing and
 value realized upon exercise of stock options versus the fair value
 when those options were granted. For the 2016 and 2015 fiscal
 years
 the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation
 arrangements was $12.5&#xA0;million and $15.4&#xA0;million
 respectively.
 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 apple
 juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at the
 lower of cost

 basis
 or market. The
 a supply of approximately two
 years for essential hop varieties
 in order to limit the risk of an
 unexpected reduction in supply. Inventories are generally
 classified as current assets. The Company classifies hops inventory
 in excess of two years of forecasted usage in other long term
 assets. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods
 inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing
 overhead. Inventories consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Raw Materials

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Work in process

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Finished Goods

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less portion in other long term assets

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Prepaid malt and barley

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excise and other tax receivables

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Insurance cash surrender value

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Supplier rebates

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid insurance

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Lease incentive receivable

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment


Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment



 Plant and Equipment

 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Machinery and plant equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Kegs

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Land

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Building and building improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Office equipment and furniture

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Leasehold improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less accumulated depreciation

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 The Company recorded depreciation and amortization expense related
 to these assets of $49.3&#xA0;million
 $43.4&#xA0;million
 and
 $34.8&#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.

 

 The Company evaluates its assets for impairment when events
 indicate that an asset or asset group may have suffered impairment.
 During 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company recorded impairment
 charges of $0.7&#xA0;million
 $0.3&#xA0;million
 and
 $1.8&#xA0;million
 respectively.

 

 During 2016
 the Company recognized a $1.0&#xA0;million gain on the
 sale of land owned in Freetown
 Massachusetts.
 






The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the
 Company-owned breweries over the fair value of the net assets
 acquired upon the completion of the acquisitions.

 The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-three weeks ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Balance
 at
 
 
 
 
 
Balance
 at
 


 
 



 
 
 
 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Accrued deposits

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued stale beer

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued sales and use tax

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued excise taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued freight

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other accrued liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 The Company has a credit facility in place that provides for a
 $150.0&#xA0;million revolving line of credit which has a term not
 scheduled to expire until March&#xA0;31
 2019. The Company may
 elect an interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility
 based on either (i)&#xA0;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.75% at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016) or (ii)&#xA0;the applicable LIBOR rate
 (0.72% at December&#xA0;31
 2016) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an
 annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the unused portion of the
 facility and is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
 which are measured using earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (&#x201C;EBITDA&#x201D;) based ratios.
 The Company&#x2019;s EBITDA to interest expense ratio was 11
352 as
 of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 compared to a minimum allowable ratio of
 2.00 and the Company&#x2019;s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was
 0.00 as of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 compared to a maximum allowable
 ratio of 2.50. The Company was in compliance with all financial
 covenants as of December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015.
 There were no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility as
 of December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015.

 There are also certain restrictive covenants set forth in the
 credit agreement. Pursuant to the negative covenants
 the Company
 has agreed that it will not: enter into any indebtedness or
 guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any
 sale and leaseback transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of
 significant assets without the lender&#x2019;s prior written
 consent
 make or maintain any investments other than those
 permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions
 with affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business. In
 addition
 the credit agreement requires the Company to obtain prior
 written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or
 in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock or other
 equity interests with the exception of the following:
 (a)&#xA0;distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The
 Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary
 of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
 (b) repurchase from former
 employees of 
 investment shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock
 issued under the
 Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and (c)&#xA0;redemption of shares
 of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors
 and payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock.
 Borrowings under the credit facility may be used for working
 capital
 capital expenditures and general corporate purposes of the
 Company and its subsidiaries. In the event of a default that has
 not been cured
 the credit facility would terminate and any unpaid
 principal and accrued interest would become due and payable.
 






The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total current

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total deferred

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total provision for income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The Company&#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Statutory rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 Significant components of the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total deferred tax assets

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance

 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The Company&#x2019;s practice is to classify interest and penalties
 related to income tax matters in income tax expense. Interest and
 penalties included in the provision for income taxes amounted to
 $0.0&#xA0;million
 $0.1&#xA0;million
 and $0.0&#xA0;million for
 fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. Accrued interest
 and penalties amounted to $0.3&#xA0;million and $0.4&#xA0;million
 at December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 respectively.

 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Balance at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Increases related to current year tax positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Increases related to prior year tax positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Decreases related to settlements

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015 are potential net
 benefits of $0.5&#xA0;million and $0.4&#xA0;million
 respectively
 that would favorably impact the effective tax rate if recognized.
 Unrecognized tax benefits are included in accrued expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets and adjusted in the period
 in which new information about a tax position becomes available or
 the final outcome differs from the amount recorded.

 As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company&#x2019;s 2013
 2014 and
 2015 federal income tax returns remain subject to examination by
 the Internal Revenue Service (&#x201C;IRS&#x201D;). The
 Company&#x2019;s state income tax returns remain subject to
 examination for three or four years depending on the state&#x2019;s
 statute of limitations. The Company is being audited by two states
 as of December&#xA0;31
 2016. In addition
 the Company is generally
 obligated to report changes in taxable income arising from federal
 income tax audits.

 It is reasonably possible that the Company&#x2019;s unrecognized tax
 benefits may increase or decrease in 2017 if there is a completion
 of certain income tax audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate
 the range of such possible changes. The Company does not expect
 that any potential changes would have a material impact on the
 Company&#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations or cash
 flows.

 As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax
 assets include a capital loss carryforward. The capital loss
 carryforward
 totaling $1.7&#xA0;million as of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 which if unused
 will expire in year 2019. For the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company recorded a net valuation
 allowance release of $0.3&#xA0;million due to a decrease in the
 deferred tax asset for capital loss carryforwards.

 The Company&#x2019;s short term income tax receivable as of
 December&#xA0;26
 2015 of $14.1&#xA0;million in the accompanying

 Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015
 being enacted after 2015
 corporate estimated tax payments were due on December&#xA0;15
 2015. These tax extenders allow the Company to claim accelerated
 tax depreciation on qualified property
 plant
 and equipment
 additions
 and the research&#xA0;&amp; development tax credit on
 the 2015 federal corporate income tax return. The Company applied
 with the IRS for a $12.0&#xA0;million quick refund of overpayment
 of estimate tax
 and received this refund in the first quarter of
 2016.
 






The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 

 contractual obligations
 of $173.4&#xA0;million at December&#xA0;31
 2016. These obligations
 are made up of hops
 barley and wheat totaling $71.1&#xA0;million
 advertising contracts of $27.4&#xA0;million
 apples and other
 ingredients of $27.2&#xA0;million
 glass bottles of
 $16.6&#xA0;million
 operating leases of $15.9&#xA0;million
 equipment and machinery of $10.7&#xA0;million
 and other
 commitments of $4.5&#xA0;million. As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 projected cash outflows under contractual obligations for the
 remaining years under the contracts are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Hops
 barley and wheat

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Advertising

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Apples and other ingredients

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Glass bottles

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Operating leases

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equipment and machinery

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total contractual obligations

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion
 of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend through
 crop year 2022 and specify both the quantities and prices
 denominated in U.S.&#xA0;Dollar
 Euros and New Zealand Dollars
 to
 which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments
 outstanding at December&#xA0;31
 2016 totaled $56.3&#xA0;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The Company does not use
 forward currency exchange contracts and intends to purchase future
 hops using the exchange rate at the time of purchase.

 Currently
 the Company has entered into contracts for barley and
 wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop years
 2016 and 2017 and cover the Company&#x2019;s barley
 wheat
 and malt
 requirements for 2017 and part of 2018. These purchase commitments
 outstanding at December&#xA0;31
 2016 totaled
 $14.8&#xA0;million.

 The Company sources some of its glass bottles needs pursuant to a
 Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor Glass Container
 Corporation (&#x201C;Anchor&#x201D;)
 under which Anchor is the
 supplier of certain glass bottles for the Company&#x2019;s
 Cincinnati Brewery and its Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement
 also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles
 to other breweries where the Company brews its beers. Under the
 agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase
 commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates
 which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be
 fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable to replace lost production capacity
 cancelled by the Company
 as of December&#xA0;31
 2016 totaled
 $16.6&#xA0;million.

 The Company has various operating lease agreements in place for
 facilities and equipment as of December&#xA0;31
 2016. Terms of
 these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by
 lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through
 2022. Aggregate rent expense was $3.8&#xA0;million
 $3.4&#xA0;million
 and $3.2&#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.

 For the fiscal year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company
 brewed over 95% of its core brands volume at Company-owned
 breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has
 historically entered into various production arrangements with
 other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the
 Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the
 time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to
 repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing
 company specifically for the Company&#x2019;s beers at the brewing
 company&#x2019;s cost upon termination of the production
 arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume
 requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
 which are not material to the Company&#x2019;s operations.

 The Company&#x2019;s arrangements with other brewing companies
 require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery
 operations. As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 there were no significant
 equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing
 contracts. Changes to the Company&#x2019;s brewing strategy or
 existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or
 the introduction of new products in the future may require the
 Company to purchase equipment to support the contract
 breweries&#x2019; operations.

 

 The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened
 litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a
 material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results
 of its operations.
 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received
 to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
 The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy
 which
 prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels
 and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest
 level of input that is available and significant to the fair value
 measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 (Level&#xA0;1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
 inputs (Level&#xA0;3 measurements).

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
 identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within
 Level&#xA0;1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either
 directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified
 (contractual) term
 a Level&#xA0;2 input must be observable for




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability in which
 there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability




 &#xA0;

 All financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value
 on a recurring basis (at least annually) have been segregated into
 the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on
 the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement
 date. The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis are summarized in the table below (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;26
 2015
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 The Company&#x2019;s cash equivalents listed above represent money
 market mutual fund securities and are classified within
 Level&#xA0;1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued
 using quoted market prices.&#xA0;The money market funds were
 invested substantially in United States Treasury and government
 securities. The Company does not adjust the quoted market price for
 such financial instruments.

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents held
 in money market funds. At December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had money market funds with a
 &#x201C;Triple A&#x201D; rated money market fund. The Company
 considers the &#x201C;Triple A&#x201D; rated money market fund to be
 a large
 highly-rated investment-grade institution. As of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the
 Company&#x2019;s cash and cash equivalents balance was
 $91.0&#xA0;million and $94.2&#xA0;million
 respectively
 including
 money market funds amounting to $90.0&#xA0;million and
 $88.1&#xA0;million
 respectively.

 Cash
 certificates of deposit
 receivables and payables are carried
 at their cost
 which approximates fair value
 because of their
 short-term nature. Financial instruments not recorded at fair value
 in the consolidated financial statements are summarized in the
 table below (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Note payable

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;26
 2015
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Note payable

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 The Company&#x2019;s note payable listed above represents a term
 note agreement with Bank of America N.A and is classified within
 Level&#xA0;2 of the fair value hierarchy because it is valued using
 observable inputs. The note has a maturity date of
 December&#xA0;31
 2021 and the interest rate is fixed at an annual
 rate of 4.25%.
 






The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 

 The Class&#xA0;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except
 (1)&#xA0;as required by law
 (2)&#xA0;for the election of
 Class&#xA0;A Directors
 and (3)&#xA0;that the approval of the
 holders of the Class&#xA0;A Common Stock is required for
 (a)&#xA0;certain future authorizations or issuances of additional
 securities which have rights senior to Class&#xA0;A Common Stock
 (b)&#xA0;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&#xA0;A
 or Class&#xA0;B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of
 Organization of the Company
 (c)&#xA0;other amendments of the
 Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&#xA0;certain mergers
 or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and
 (e)&#xA0;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the
 Company&#x2019;s assets.

 &#xA0;

 

 The Class&#xA0;B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the
 right to (1)&#xA0;elect a majority of the members of the
 Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors and (2)&#xA0;approve all
 (a)&#xA0;amendments to the Company&#x2019;s Articles of
 Organization
 (b)&#xA0;mergers or consolidations with
 or
 acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&#xA0;sales or dispositions of
 any significant portion of the Company&#x2019;s assets
 and
 (d)&#xA0;equity-based and other executive compensation and other
 significant corporate matters. The Company&#x2019;s Class&#xA0;B
 Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class&#xA0;B
 Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock
 upon request of any Class&#xA0;B holder
 and
 participates equally in earnings.

 All distributions with respect to the Company&#x2019;s capital stock
 are restricted by the Company&#x2019;s credit agreement
 with the
 exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 investment shares of
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock issued under the Company&#x2019;s equity
 incentive plan
 redemption of certain shares of Class&#xA0;A Common
 Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash
 dividends to its holders of common stock.

 

 The Company&#x2019;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the
 &#x201C;Equity Plan&#x201D;) currently provides for the grant of
 discretionary options and restricted stock awards to employees
 and
 provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a
 discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The
 Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the
 Company
 based on recommendations received from the Compensation
 Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee
 consists of three independent directors. In determining the
 quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation
 Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the
 Company&#x2019;s compensation system and takes into account the
 position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the
 nature and value to the Company of his or her service and
 accomplishments
 his or her present and potential contributions to
 the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the
 employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems
 relevant.

 Stock options and related vesting requirements and terms are
 granted at the Board of Directors&#x2019; discretion
 but generally
 vest ratably over five-year periods and
 with respect to certain
 options granted to members of senior management
 based on the
 Company&#x2019;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual
 term of stock options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors
 term. During fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company granted options to purchase 786
450
 18
723
 and 7
090 shares
 respectively
 of its Class&#xA0;A Common
 Stock to employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the 2016
 option grants
 574
507 shares relate to a special long-term
 service-based retention stock option issued to the Chief Executive
 Officer
 173
135 shares relate to other special long-term
 service-based retention stock options and 38
808 shares relate to
 performance-based stock options. Of the 2015 option grants
 14
742
 shares relate to performance-based option grants and 3
981 relate
 to special long-term service-based retention stock options. Of the
 2014 option grants
 all shares relate to performance-based option
 grants.

 On January&#xA0;1
 2017
 the Company granted options to purchase an
 aggregate of 5
185 shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock with a weighted average fair value of $81.95 per
 share
 of which all shares relate to performance-based stock
 options.

 Restricted stock awards are also granted at the Board of
 Directors&#x2019; discretion. During fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company granted 21
653
 6
092
 and 16
432 shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees
 all of which are service-based and vest ratably over
 service periods of three to five years.

 The Equity Plan also has an investment share program which permits
 employees who have been with the Company for at least one year to
 purchase shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock at a discount from
 current market value of 0% to 40%
 based on the employee&#x2019;s
 tenure with the Company. Investment shares vest ratably over
 service periods of five years. Participants may pay for these
 shares either up front or through payroll deductions over an
 eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal
 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 employees elected to purchase an aggregate of
 9
199
 8
301
 and 8
516 investment shares
 respectively.

 On January&#xA0;1
 2017
 the Company granted 12
358 shares of
 restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees of which all shares vest ratably over service periods of
 five years. On January&#xA0;1
 2017
 employees elected to purchase
 9
977 shares under the investment share program.

 The Company has reserved 6.7&#xA0;million shares of Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Equity Plan
 of which
 0.7&#xA0;million shares were available for grant as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016. Shares reserved for issuance under
 cancelled employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are
 returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
 purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares
 from employees who have left the Company at the lesser of
 (i)&#xA0;the price paid for the shares when the employee acquired
 the shares or (ii)&#xA0;the fair market value of the shares as of
 the date next preceding the date on which the shares are called for
 redemption by the Company. These shares are also returned to the
 reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases.

 
 Director Options

 directors of the Company
 (the 
 Director Plan&#x201D;)
 director of the Company
 is granted an option to purchase shares of the Company&#x2019;s
 to the Board of Directors.
 directors vest upon grant
 and have a maximum contractual term of ten years. During fiscal
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 the Company granted options to purchase an
 aggregate of 14
040
 5
640
 and 6
696 shares of the Company&#x2019;s
 directors
 respectively.

 The Company has reserved 0.6&#xA0;million shares of Class&#xA0;A
 Director Plan
 of which
 0.1&#xA0;million shares were available for grant as of
 December&#xA0;31
 directors&#x2019; stock
 Director Plan for future
 grants.

 

 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 Director Plan
 is summarized as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 Price
 
 
 


 in Years
 
 
 

 Value
 
 




 Outstanding at December&#xA0;26
 2015

 
 

127

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expired

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Outstanding at December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 

348

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Exercisable at December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Vested and expected to vest at December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 Of the total options outstanding at December&#xA0;31
 2016
 72
573
 shares were performance-based options granted to multiple key
 employees and 574
507 shares were service-based options granted to
 the Chief Executive Officer that are not expected to vest as a
 result of the planned retirement in 2018.

 

 On January&#xA0;1
 2008
 the Company granted the Chief Executive
 Officer an option to purchase 753
864 shares of its Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on
 January&#xA0;1
 2014
 at the rate of 20% per year. The exercise
 price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by the aggregate change
 in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after January&#xA0;1
 2008
 through the close of business on the trading date next preceding
 each date on which the option is exercised. The exercise price will
 not be less than $37.65 per share and the excess of the fair value
 of the Company&#x2019;s Class&#xA0;A Common Stock cannot exceed $70
 per share over the exercise price. At December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 301
546 shares and 452
319 shares of the
 stock option remained outstanding
 respectively. If the outstanding
 shares at December&#xA0;31
 2016 were exercised on that date
 the
 exercise price would have been $99.85 per share. If the outstanding
 shares at December&#xA0;26
 2015 were exercised on that date
 the
 exercise price would have been $135.40 per share. Reflected in the
 table above is the minimum exercise price of $37.65. The Company is
 accounting for this award as a market-based award which was valued
 utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which
 calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes
 fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo
 Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated the weighted
 average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded stock-based
 compensation expense of $0.3
 $0.5
 and $0.7
 million related to
 this option in the fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.

 On January&#xA0;1
 2016
 the Company granted the Chief Executive
 Officer an option to purchase 574
507 shares of its Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on
 January&#xA0;1
 2019
 at the rate of 20% per year. The exercise
 price is determined by multiplying $201.91 by the aggregate
 percentage change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after
 January&#xA0;1
 2016 through the close of business on the trading
 date next preceding each date on which the option is exercised
 plus an additional 1.5 percentage points per annum
 prorated for
 partial years. The exercise price will not be less than $201.91 per
 share and the excess of the fair value of the Company&#x2019;s
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock cannot exceed $150 per share over the
 exercise price. At December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the stock option
 remained unexercised as to 574
507 shares. If the stock option had
 been exercised on December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the exercise price would
 have been $226.72 per share. The Company is accounting for this
 award as a market-based award which was valued utilizing the Monte
 Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential
 outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most
 likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the
 Company calculated the weighted average fair value per share to be
 $39.16. As a result of the Chief Executive Officer&#x2019;s planned
 retirement in 2018
 the Company estimated a 100% forfeiture rate
 related to this grant and in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 the
 Company reversed a total of $3.6&#xA0;million in stock-based
 compensation expense that had been recorded during the first three
 quarters of fiscal 2016.

 

 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Amounts related to performance-based stock awards included in total
 stock-based compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as
 the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of
 stock options. The Company believes that the Black-Scholes
 option-pricing model is less effective than the binomial
 option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it assumes
 that volatility and interest rates are constant over the life of
 the option. In addition
 the Company believes that the binomial
 option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair value of its
 stock awards
 as it takes into account historical employee exercise
 patterns based on changes in the Company&#x2019;s stock price and
 other relevant variables. The weighted-average fair value of stock
 options granted during 2016
 2015
 and 2014 was $87.70
 $128.54
 and $106.81 per share
 respectively
 as calculated using a binomial
 option-pricing model. This excludes the January&#xA0;1
 2016 stock
 options granted to the Chief Executive Officer with a
 weighted-average fair value of $39.16
 as calculated using the
 Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model.

 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividends

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercise factor

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount for post-vesting restrictions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 Expected volatility is based on the Company&#x2019;s historical
 realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate represents the
 yield curve over the
 contractual term of the option when using the binomial
 option-pricing model. Expected dividend yield is 0% because the
 Company has not paid dividends in the past and currently has no
 known intention to do so in the future. Exercise factor and
 discount for post-vesting restrictions are based on the
 Company&#x2019;s historical experience.

 Fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the
 Company&#x2019;s traded stock price on the date of the grants. Fair
 value of investment shares is calculated using the binomial
 option-pricing model.

 The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in
 recognizing stock-based compensation expense for awards that vest
 based on service conditions. For awards that vest subject to
 performance conditions
 compensation expense is recognized ratably
 for each tranche of the award over the performance period if it is
 probable that performance conditions will be met.

 Under ASC 718
 compensation expense is recognized less estimated
 forfeitures. Because most of the Company&#x2019;s equity awards vest
 each year
 the
 Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to
 those awards
 net of actual forfeitures. For equity awards that do
 not vest on January 1
 the estimated
 forfeiture rate used was 5.0%
 with the exception of the Chief
 Executive Officer&#x2019;s 2016 equity award which used a 100%
 forfeiture rate as a result of the planned retirement in 2018. The
 forfeiture rate was based upon historical experience and the
 Company periodically reviews this rate to ensure proper projection
 of future forfeitures.

 The total fair value of options vested during 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 was $9.9&#xA0;million
 $4.1&#xA0;million
 and $3.8&#xA0;million
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options
 exercised during 2016
 2015
 and 2014 was $52.7&#xA0;million
 $37.7&#xA0;million
 and $45.8&#xA0;million
 respectively.

 &#xA0;

 Based on equity awards outstanding as of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 there is $23.0&#xA0;million of unrecognized compensation costs
 net
 of estimated forfeitures
 related to unvested share-based
 compensation arrangements that are expected to vest. Such costs are
 expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.09
 years. The following table summarizes the estimated future annual
 stock-based compensation expense related to share-based
 arrangements existing as of December&#xA0;31
 2016 that are
 expected to vest (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 2017

 
 


 




 2018

 
 


 




 2019

 
 


 




 2020

 
 


 




 2021

 
 


 




 Thereafter

 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 Shares
 Activity

 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 

 Value
 




 at
 December&#xA0;26
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 



 19
740 shares vested in 2016 with a weighted average fair value of
 $114.12. 25
732 shares vested in 2015 with a weighted average fair
 value of $79.44. 38
329 shares vested in 2014 with a weighted
 average fair value of $53.82.

 

 In 1998
 the Board of Directors authorized management to implement
 a stock repurchase program. As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the
 Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately
 12.5&#xA0;million shares of its Class&#xA0;A Common Stock for an
 aggregate purchase price of approximately $607.8&#xA0;million as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 
 Price
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;28
 2013

 
 

892

 
 
 


 




 2014 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 

921

 
 
 


 




 2015 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;26
 2015

 
 

538

 
 
 


 




 2016 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 

483

 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016





 Benefits

 The Company has one retirement plan covering substantially all
 employees; two
 other retirement plans
 one of which covers substantially all union
 employees
 and the other of which covers employees of a specific
 union; and post-retirement medical benefits covering substantially
 all union employees.

 
 Plans

 The Boston Beer Company 401(k) Plan (the &#x201C;Boston Beer 401(k)
 Plan&#x201D;)
 which was established by the Company in 1993
 is a
 Company-sponsored defined contribution plan that covers a majority
 employees who are employed
 by Boston Beer Corporation
 American Craft Brewery LLC
 A&#xA0;&amp; S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 or Angry Orchard Cider
 Company
 employees of these entities
 are eligible to participate in the Plan immediately upon
 employment. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60%
 of their annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. The
 Company matches each participant&#x2019;s contribution. A maximum of
 6% of compensation is taken into account in determining the amount
 of the match. The Company matches 100% of the first $1
000 of the
 eligible compensation participants contribute. Thereafter
 the
 Company matches 50% of the eligible contribution. The
 Company&#x2019;s contributions to the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan
 amounted to $3.5&#xA0;million and $3.0&#xA0;million in fiscal years
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The basic annual administrative fee
 for the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#x2019;s
 investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider
 Payment Agreement
 a credit up to a maximum of two basis points
 multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is
 available for paying eligible Plan expenses. Participant
 forfeitures are also available for paying eligible Plan expenses.
 The Company is responsible for the payment of any additional fees
 related to the management of the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees
 are not material to the Company.

 

 The Samuel Adams Cincinnati Brewery 401(k) Plan for Represented
 Employees (the &#x201C;SACB 401(k) Plan&#x201D;) is a
 Company-sponsored defined contribution plan. It was established in
 1997 and is available to all union employees upon commencement of
 employment or
 if later
 attaining age 21. Participants may make
 voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation to
 the SACB 401(k) Plan
 subject to IRS limitations. Company
 contributions for fiscal 2016 and 2015 were insignificant. The
 basic annual administrative fee for the SACB 401(k) Plan is paid by
 the Plan&#x2019;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the
 Service Provider Payment Agreement
 a credit up to a maximum of two
 basis points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the
 Plan per year
 excluding participant loans
 is available for paying
 eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the payment
 of any additional fees related to the management of the SACB 401(k)
 Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company.

 The Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. Local Union No.&#xA0;1199
 Pension Plan (the &#x201C;Local 1199 Pension Plan&#x201D;) is a
 Company-sponsored defined benefit pension plan. It was established
 in 1991 and is open to all union employees who are covered by the
 Company&#x2019;s collective bargaining agreement with Teamsters
 Local Union No.&#xA0;1199 (&#x201C;Local Union #1199&#x201D;)
 or
 persons on leave from the Company who are employed by Local Union
 #1199
 and in either case who have completed 12 consecutive months
 of employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit
 is determined based on years of service since July 1991. The
 Company made contributions of $219
000 and $188
000 in 2016 and
 2015 respectively. At December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the unfunded projected pension benefits were
 $1.9&#xA0;million and $1.6&#xA0;million
 respectively.

 The Company provides a supplement to eligible retirees from Local
 #1
 Local #20
 and Local Union #1199 to assist them with the cost
 of Medicare gap coverage after their retirement on account of age
 or permanent disability. To qualify for this benefit (collectively
 the &#x201C;Retiree Medical Plan&#x201D;)
 an employee must have
 worked for at least 20 years for the Company or its predecessor at
 the Company&#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery
 must have been enrolled in
 the Company&#x2019;s group medical insurance plan for at least 5
 years before retirement and
 in the case of retirees from Local
 #20
 for at least 7 of the last 10 years of their employment
 and
 must be eligible for Medicare benefits under the Social Security
 Act. The accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation was
 determined using a discount rate of 4.25% at December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and 4.5% at December&#xA0;26
 2015 and a 2.5% health care cost
 increase based on the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for the years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014. The effect of a 1% point increase and the
 effect of a 1% point decrease in the assumed health care cost trend
 rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components
 of net periodic post-retirement health care benefit costs and on
 the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for health care
 benefits would not be significant.

 In addition
 the comprehensive medical plan offered to currently
 employed members of Local #20 remains available to them should they
 retire after reaching age 57
 and before reaching age 65
 with at
 least 20 years of service with the Company or its predecessor at
 the Company&#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery. These eligible retirees may
 choose to continue to be covered under the Company&#x2019;s
 comprehensive group medical plan until they reach the age when they
 are eligible for Medicare health benefits under the Social Security
 Act or coverage under a comparable State health benefit plan.
 Eligible retirees pay 100% of the cost of the coverage.

 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Unfunded Status

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The Local 1199 Pension Plan invests in a family of funds designed
 to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&#x2019;
 investment objectives. The fund-specific objectives vary and
 include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital appreciation plus income
 and
 investing in funds that invest in common stock of companies that
 cover a broad range of industries. The Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s
 investments are considered category 1 assets in the fair value
 hierarchy and the fair values were determined by reference to
 quoted market
 prices.

 The basis of the long-term rate of return assumption of 6.5%
 reflects the Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s current targeted asset mix of
 approximately 35% debt securities and 65% equity securities with
 assumed average annual returns of approximately 3% to 6% for debt
 securities and 8% to 12% for equity securities. It is assumed that
 the Local 1199 Pension Plan&#x2019;s investment portfolio will be
 adjusted periodically to maintain the targeted ratios of debt
 securities and equity securities. Additional consideration is given
 to the Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s historical returns as well as future
 long-range projections of investment returns for each asset
 category. The assumed discount rate in estimating the pension
 obligation was 4.25% and 4.50% at December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 respectively.

 The Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
December&#xA0;26

 2015
 




 Equity securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Debt securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 

 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31


 weeks)
 
 
December&#xA0;26

 2015
 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share data)
 




 Net Income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Allocation of net income for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted average number of shares for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock*

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per share for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 resulted from the conversion of 150
000 shares to Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock on May&#xA0;6
 2015
 100
000 shares to Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock on October&#xA0;26
 2015
 125
000 shares to
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock on November&#xA0;4
 2016 and 45
000
 shares to Class&#xA0;A Common Stock on November&#xA0;30
 2016
 with
 the ending number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the




 

 The Company calculates diluted net income per share for common
 stock using the more dilutive of (1)&#xA0;the treasury stock
 method
 method
 which assumes the
 participating securities are not exercised or converted.

 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class&#xA0;B
 Common Stock into Class&#xA0;A Common Stock and using the
 method for
 unvested participating shares:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Fifty-three&#xA0;weeks&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2016
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


&#xA0;except&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;data)
 
 
 
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 weeks ended
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share data)
 
 
 
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 
 
 weeks ended
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share data)
 
 
 
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 



 Basic net income per common share for each share of Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock and Class&#xA0;B Common Stock is $6.93
 $7.46
 and
 $6.96 for the fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 as
 each share of Class&#xA0;A and Class&#xA0;B participates equally in
 earnings. Shares of Class&#xA0;B are convertible at any time into
 basis at the option
 of the stockholder.

 Weighted average stock options to purchase 712
000
 16
000
 and
 11
000 shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock were outstanding during
 fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 but not included in
 computing diluted income per share because their effects were
 anti-dilutive. Additionally
 performance-based stock options to
 purchase 35
000
 15
000
 and 30
000 shares of Class&#xA0;A Common
 Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 but not included in computing dilutive income per
 share because the performance criteria of these stock options were
 not met as of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 and
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 respectively.
 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income represents amounts of
 unrecognized actuarial gains or losses related to the Company
 sponsored defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement medical
 plan
 net of tax effect and currency translation adjustments.
 Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial
 losses or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net
 periodic benefit costs and currency translation adjustments. The
 following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive (loss) income for 2016
 2015
 and 2014 (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Income
 





 2013

 
 
 
 




 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($11)

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2014

 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($99)

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($43)

 
 
 
 




 Currency translation adjustment

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2015

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($69)

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of $101

 
 
 
 




 Currency translation adjustment

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






The entire disclosure for comprehensive income
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End of Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2015

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2015

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End of Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2015

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 






The entire disclosure for any allowance and reserve accounts (their beginning and ending balances
 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 As disclosed in Note L
 on January&#xA0;1
 2017 the Company granted
 stock options and restricted stock awards and employees elected to
 purchase shares under the investment share purchase program.

 As disclosed in Form 
 filed with the SEC on February&#xA0;6
 2017
 the Company
 announcement the planned retirement of its Chief Executive Officer
 expected in 2018.

 The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after the balance
 sheet date
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and concluded that there was no
 event of which management was aware that occurred after the balance
 sheet date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
 






The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 The Company&#x2019;s fiscal quarters are consistently determined
 year to year and generally consist of 13 weeks
 except in those
 fiscal years in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last
 fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&#x2019;s
 opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all
 adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
 for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters
 presented. The operating results for any quarter are not
 necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 



 2016 (1)
 
 



 2016
 
 



 2016
 
 



 2016
 
 



 2015
 
 



 2015
 
 



 2015
 
 



 2015
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 




 Net revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Operating income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net income per share &#x2014; basic

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net income per share &#x2014; diluted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 the Company recorded a $3.6&#xA0;million decrease in stock-based
 compensation expense related to the planned retirement of the



 






The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 

 or fifty-three week period
 ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal period 2016
 consists of fifty-three weeks and the fiscal periods 2015 and 2014
 consist of 
 weeks.
 






 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.
 






 

 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams
 Twisted Tea
 Angry
 Orchard
 brands. The second
 is the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment which is
 comprised of The Traveler Beer Company
 Coney Island Brewing
 Company
 Angel City Brewing Company and Concrete Beach Brewing
 Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They
 sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to the
 same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar
 price points and through substantially the same channels of
 distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar
 production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally
 fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the operating
 segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they are
 aggregated for financial statements purposes.
 






 

 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.
 



Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash


Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

 Cash and cash equivalents at December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 and money market instruments
 that are highly liquid investments. Cash and cash equivalents are
 carried at cost
 which approximates fair value.

 &#xA0;

 The Company has restricted cash associated with a term note
 agreement with Bank of America that was required by the
 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to fund economic development at the
 Company&#x2019;s Pennsylvania Brewery. The restricted cash subject
 to this agreement amounted to $400
000 and $456
000 at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 respectively
 and is included in other assets on the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated
 Balance Sheets.
 






Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts

 The Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.
 






 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company&#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.

 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of foreign wholesalers
 importers or other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &#x201C;Distributors&#x201D;). In 2016
 2015 and 2014
 sales to
 foreign Distributors were approximately 4% of total sales.
 Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized;
 however
 credit risk is minimized as a result of the large and
 diverse nature of the Company&#x2019;s customer base. There were no
 individual customer accounts receivable balances outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015 that were in
 excess of 10% of the gross accounts receivable balance on those
 dates. No individual customers represented more than 10% of the
 Company&#x2019;s revenues during fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and
 2014.
 






Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments

 The Company&#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) Topic 820

 Disclosures
 the carrying amount of its cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due
 to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The
 Company is not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit
 risks arising from these financial assets and liabilities.
 






Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory

 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at

 basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.

 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.

 &#xA0;

 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#x2019;s
 expected future usage. Provision for excess or expired inventory
 included in cost of goods sold was $4.5&#xA0;million
 $4.0&#xA0;million
 and $6.1&#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.
 



Property
 Plant and Equipment


Property
 Plant and Equipment

 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 or the term of the production
 agreement



 
 




 
 

 or the remaining useful life of
 the building



 






 

 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and cans and such kegs
 bottles and cans
 are shipped on pallets to Distributors. Most kegs and pallets are
 owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&#x2019;s
 balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated
 useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase.
 Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a
 refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in
 current liabilities in the Company&#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon
 return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is
 refunded to the Distributor.

 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.1&#xA0;million
 $1.4&#xA0;million and $1.4&#xA0;million
 respectively. For the year
 ended December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $0.9&#xA0;million
 $1.2&#xA0;million and $1.2&#xA0;million
 respectively. As of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the
 Company&#x2019;s balance sheet includes $14.3&#xA0;million and
 $17.1&#xA0;million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs
 and pallets and $12.0&#xA0;million and $18.9&#xA0;million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.
 






 

 The Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its reporting units annually at the end of the fiscal
 month of August
 or more frequently if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company
 has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015. As of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company reporting unit amounted to
 $1.4&#xA0;million. As of December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the goodwill of the A&amp;S Brewing
 Collaborative reporting unit amounted to $2.3&#xA0;million.
 






 

 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.

 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and December&#xA0;26
 2015.
 






 

 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided when
 recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than
 not standards as defined in ASC Topic 740
 

 The calculation of the Company&#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves
 for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income
 tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards as
 defined in ACS Topic 740
 
 






 

 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &#x201C;TTB&#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units shipped and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.
 






 

 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company has deferred $5.4&#xA0;million
 and $3.9&#xA0;million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior
 to these dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.

 In certain circumstances and with the Company&#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.
 






 

 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.
 






 

 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The
 Company incurred shipping costs of $49.2&#xA0;million
 $62.2&#xA0;million
 and $62.6&#xA0;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.
 






 

 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing
 expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and
 entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support
 workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related
 to shipments of finished goods from manufacturing locations to
 items. Total
 advertising and sales promotional expenditures of
 $105.3&#xA0;million
 $120.1&#xA0;million
 and $100.5&#xA0;million
 were included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in
 the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.

 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.
 






 

 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with



 Incentives

 paid to customers totaled $54.4&#xA0;million
 $55.3&#xA0;million
 and $52.4&#xA0;million in fiscal year 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.

 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $33.2&#xA0;million
 $33.2&#xA0;million
 and $28.5&#xA0;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for
 discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net
 revenue. Agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain
 Distributors&#x2019; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in
 order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of
 the discount allowance requires that management make certain
 estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of
 revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed
 and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by
 the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated
 allowance.

 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#x2019;s
 products may include
 and merchandise
 placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at
 retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid
 to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2016
 2015
 and 2014 were $21.2&#xA0;million
 $22.1&#xA0;million
 and $23.9&#xA0;million
 respectively. In 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the
 Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of
 $16.1&#xA0;million
 $16.6&#xA0;million
 and $18.7&#xA0;million
 respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized as
 reduction to net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other
 promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets.
 






 

 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: general and administrative salary and benefit
 expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service fees
 rent and
 utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for
 general and administrative employees
 and other general and
 administrative overhead costs.
 






 

 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic 718
 
 (&#x201C;ASC 718&#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of
 share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on
 fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during
 which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
 the award (the requisite service period). The amount of
 compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income is based on the awards ultimately expected to
 vest
 and therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.

 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 and
 2016 stock option grants to the Company&#x2019;s Chief Executive
 Officer
 which is considered to be a market-based award and was
 valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which
 calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes
 fair value based on the most likely outcome. See Note L for further
 discussion of the application of the option-pricing models.
 






 

 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 method
 whichever is more dilutive.
 






 

 In May 2014

Revenue from
 will supersede virtually all
 existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required
 to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to
 customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration
 received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an
 entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than
 is to be applied
 retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in
 the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to
 to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB

Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective
 Date
 for one year
 making it
 effective for the year beginning December&#xA0;31
 2017
 with early
 adoption permitted as of January&#xA0;1
 2017. The Company
 in the first quarter of 2018.
 to have a material impact on
 its consolidated financial statements.

 In July 2015

Inventory (Topic
 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 is part of the
 FASB&#x2019;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The
 guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of
 the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net
 realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
 course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of
 completion
 will be effective
 prospectively for the year beginning January&#xA0;1
 2017. The
 and has preliminarily
 concluded that it will not have a significant impact on the
 consolidated financial statements.

 In November 2015

Balance Sheet
 is part of the FASB&#x2019;s
 initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires
 an entity to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax
 liabilities as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU
 permits entities
 to apply the amendments either prospectively or retrospectively.
 will be
 effective for the year beginning January&#xA0;1
 2017. The Company
 As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had $7.4&#xA0;million and
 $7.0&#xA0;million
 respectively
 of current deferred tax assets on
 the consolidated balance sheets that would be classified as
 noncurrent under the new guidance.

 In February 2016

Leases (Topic
 842)
 liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations
 created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. ASU
 will be effective
 retrospectively for the year beginning December&#xA0;30
 2018
 with
 early adoption permitted. As of December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company had $15.9&#xA0;million and
 $17.5&#xA0;million
 respectively
 of contractual obligation on
 lease agreements that would be included on the consolidated balance
 sheets under the new guidance.

 In March
 2016

Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based
 is part of the FASB&#x2019;s
 initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance impacts
 several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment
 transactions
 including accounting for income taxes and
 forfeitures
 as well as classification in the statement of cash


 excess tax benefits and deficiencies as a result of stock option
 exercises and restricted stock vesting are to be recognized as
 discrete items within income tax expense or benefit in the
 statement of operations in the reporting period in which they
 occur. Additionally


 deficiencies should be classified along with other income tax cash
 will be effective for the year
 beginning January&#xA0;1
 2017 and may be applied retrospectively
 will have on the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements will mainly
 depend on unpredictable future events
 including the timing and
 value realized upon exercise of stock options versus the fair value
 when those options were granted. For the 2016 and 2015 fiscal
 years
 the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation
 arrangements was $12.5&#xA0;million and $15.4&#xA0;million
 respectively.
 






























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Entity's cash and cash equivalents accounting policy with respect to restricted balances.  Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date
 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based upon
 the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 or the term of the production
 agreement



 
 




 
 

 or the remaining useful life of
 the building



 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 Inventories consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Raw Materials

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Work in process

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Finished Goods

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less portion in other long term assets

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Prepaid malt and barley

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excise and other tax receivables

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Insurance cash surrender value

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Supplier rebates

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid insurance

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Lease incentive receivable

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2016

Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment


 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Machinery and plant equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Kegs

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Land

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Building and building improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Office equipment and furniture

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Leasehold improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less accumulated depreciation

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-three weeks ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Balance
 at
 
 
 
 
 
Balance
 at
 


 
 



 
 
 
 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Accrued deposits

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued stale beer

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued sales and use tax

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued excise taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued freight

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other accrued liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total current

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total deferred

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total provision for income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The Company&#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Statutory rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 Significant components of the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total deferred tax assets

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance

 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Balance at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Increases related to current year tax positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Increases related to prior year tax positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Decreases related to settlements

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 







Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest and penalties
 reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate
 tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions
 and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 projected cash outflows under
 contractual obligations for the remaining years under the contracts
 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Hops
 barley and wheat

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Advertising

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Apples and other ingredients

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Glass bottles

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Operating leases

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equipment and machinery

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total contractual obligations

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
 basis are summarized in the table below (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;26
 2015
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 






 Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the
 consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below
 (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Note payable

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;26
 2015
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Note payable

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 







Schedule of Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities for Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value.




























Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 Director Plan
 is summarized as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 Price
 
 
 


 in Years
 
 
 

 Value
 
 




 Outstanding at December&#xA0;26
 2015

 
 

127

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expired

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Outstanding at December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 

348

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Exercisable at December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Vested and expected to vest at December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Amounts related to performance-based stock awards included in total
 stock-based compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividends

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercise factor

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount for post-vesting restrictions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 The following table summarizes the estimated future annual
 stock-based compensation expense related to share-based
 arrangements existing as of December&#xA0;31
 2016 that are
 expected to vest (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 2017

 
 


 




 2018

 
 


 




 2019

 
 


 




 2020

 
 


 




 2021

 
 


 




 Thereafter

 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 

 Value
 




 at
 December&#xA0;26
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 


 






 As of December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company has repurchased a
 cumulative total of approximately 12.5&#xA0;million shares of its
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately $607.8&#xA0;million as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 
 Price
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;28
 2013

 
 

892

 
 
 


 




 2014 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 

921

 
 
 


 




 2015 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;26
 2015

 
 

538

 
 
 


 




 2016 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 

483

 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 




































Tabular disclosure of share-based compensation plans that may be presented in a single table for outstanding
 vested and expected to vest
 and exercisable awards. The information that may be disclosed in this table may include
 but is not limited to
 number of shares
 weighted average exercise price
 weighted average remaining contractual life
 and aggregate intrinsic value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of treasury stock
 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Unfunded Status

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
December&#xA0;26

 2015
 




 Equity securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Debt securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 







Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic


 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31


 weeks)
 
 
December&#xA0;26

 2015
 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share data)
 




 Net Income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Allocation of net income for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted average number of shares for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock*

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per share for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 resulted from the conversion of 150
000 shares to Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock on May&#xA0;6
 2015
 100
000 shares to Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock on October&#xA0;26
 2015
 125
000 shares to
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock on November&#xA0;4
 2016 and 45
000
 shares to Class&#xA0;A Common Stock on November&#xA0;30
 2016
 with
 the ending number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the



 



Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Diluted


 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class&#xA0;B
 Common Stock into Class&#xA0;A Common Stock and using the
 method for
 unvested participating shares:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Fifty-three&#xA0;weeks&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2016
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


&#xA0;except&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;data)
 
 
 
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 weeks ended
 December&#xA0;26
 2015
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share data)
 
 
 
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 
 
 weeks ended
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share data)
 
 
 
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 


 














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 The following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive (loss) income for 2016
 2015
 and 2014 (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Income
 





 2013

 
 
 
 




 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($11)

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2014

 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($99)

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of ($43)

 
 
 
 




 Currency translation adjustment

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2015

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($69)

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax of $101

 
 
 
 




 Currency translation adjustment

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End of Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2015

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2015

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End of Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2015

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




 &#xA0;In
 management&#x2019;s opinion
 the following unaudited information
 includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring
 adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the information
 for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter
 are not necessarily indicative of results for any future
 quarters.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 



 2016 (1)
 
 



 2016
 
 



 2016
 
 



 2016
 
 



 2015
 
 



 2015
 
 



 2015
 
 



 2015
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 




 Net revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Operating income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net income per share &#x2014; basic

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net income per share &#x2014; diluted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 the Company recorded a $3.6&#xA0;million decrease in stock-based
 compensation expense related to the planned retirement of the



 






Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014


A&amp;S brands | Product Concentration Risk | Sales Revenue
 Net | Maximum

















Concentration risk
 percentage









































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








































000


000


































500
000


000
000


100
000





100
000)


000)





Decrease in gross property
 plant and equipment

400
000)


200
000)





Decrease in property
 plant and equipment related accumulated depreciation

400
000)


200
000)







300
000


100
000





Property
 plant and equipment
 net

411
000


926
000







683
000


683
000





Deferred Revenue
 Current

381
000


949
000







200
000


200
000


600
000





300
000


100
000


500
000





213
000


629
000


696
000





351
000


983
000







439
000









524
000


350
000


353
000























900
000


500
000

























400
000


400
000

























300
000


300
000























Property
 plant and equipment
 net

000
000


900
000

























200
000


100
000


900
000





200
000


200
000


500
000



Reduction in revenue related to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

100
000


600
000


700
000























400
000


300
000


400
000



























































































































Amount of increase (decrease) in accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of property
 plant and equipment.




























Amount of contractual obligation
 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.

























































The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount of customer money held in customer accounts
 including security deposits
 collateral for a current or future transactions
 initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement.




























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.




























The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.






















































































Amount of increase (decrease) of long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent items which are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. This element is for unclassified presentations; for classified presentations there is a separate and distinct element.





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






 or the term of the production agreement
 whichever is shorter








Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






 or the remaining useful life of the building
 whichever is shorter








Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]













Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015











630


123





131


876





054


261



Inventory
 Gross

815


260





316)


798)





499


462



Inventory
 Gross

815


260







Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Gross amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Inventories not expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within the normal operating cycle.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015


Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Line Items]








644


184





637


093





254







158


929





144


047







584





781


216





731


053







Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Line Items]




























Supplier Rebates
 Current

























































This item represents the current receivable for an incentive or inducement contractually stipulated between parties to a lease whereby the lessor has committed to provide the entity (lessee) with a cash payment as inducement to enter the lease.  The receivable is due within one year. For classified balance sheets
 this element represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of other miscellaneous assets expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for insurance that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for income and other taxes that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








486


180





024


391





295


135





508


836





412


635





147


037



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
 Total

872


214





461)


288)



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

411


926




































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.




























Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










300


400


800









777












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








Gain (loss) on disposal of property
 plant and equipment

000











Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















683










683











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015











814


865



Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements

116


367



Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

562


249





381


949





226


254





437


656





255


976





402


681





681


387





874


384







Accrued Deposits
 Current

























































Accrued Sales and Marketing
 Current




























Allowance For Sales Returns
 Current






















































































Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid nor invoiced
 and liabilities classified as other.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred through that date and payable for statutory sales and use taxes
 including value added tax. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
















Credit facility
 borrowing outstanding













EBITDA to interest expense
 minimum allowable ratio













Total funded debt to EBITDA
 maximum allowable ratio




















Line of credit
 current borrowing capacity

000
000












Line of credit
 expiration date

  2019





Debt
 covenant compliance

 2016 and December 26
 2015.




































































































































































































States whether the entity was in compliance with the debt covenants throughout the reporting period
 and describes facts and circumstances of any compliance failure.






















































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.




























Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014













390


391


595





108


403


262





498


794


857














666


279


407














274


802


994





772


596


851























































































































































Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.






















































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014




















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit



































Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent
 Total


























































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015











488


435





929


493





117


398





097


154





631


480







036)





962


444










Property
 plant and equipment

140)


226)





204)


475)












223)


462)





261)


018)































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.



















































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.


















































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















































































700


















Valuation allowance release due to decrease in deferred tax asset
 capital loss carryforward














928


928







000


064


252















































































































































100









Deferred Tax Assets
 Capital Loss Carryforwards
 Expiration Year




























Income Tax Return
 Examination Period



















































































































A brief description of status of the tax examination
 significant findings to date
 and the entity's position with respect to the findings.




























Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.



















































































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015


















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































439









800


400


200
































900


500

























700






















































800




































300







Hops
 Barley and Wheat



















128



























225



























551









600



























430



























505































































































































Amount of contractual obligation
 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.




























Amount of the recorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015









Contractual obligations payment due
 total

439





Contractual obligations payment due
 2017

052





Contractual obligations payment due
 2018

351





Contractual obligations payment due
 2019

027





Contractual obligations payment due
 2020

052





Contractual obligations payment due
 2021

503







454



















Contractual obligations payment due
 total

700





Contractual obligations payment due
 2017

700



















Contractual obligations payment due
 total

900


500



Contractual obligations payment due
 2017

343





Contractual obligations payment due
 2018

965





Contractual obligations payment due
 2019

683





Contractual obligations payment due
 2020

569





Contractual obligations payment due
 2021

625







715





Hops
 Barley and Wheat













Contractual obligations payment due
 total

128





Contractual obligations payment due
 2017

784





Contractual obligations payment due
 2018

552





Contractual obligations payment due
 2019

692





Contractual obligations payment due
 2020

483





Contractual obligations payment due
 2021

878







739



















Contractual obligations payment due
 total

430





Contractual obligations payment due
 2017

825





Contractual obligations payment due
 2018






Contractual obligations payment due
 2019




















Contractual obligations payment due
 total

225





Contractual obligations payment due
 2017

225



















Contractual obligations payment due
 total

551





Contractual obligations payment due
 2017

551



















Contractual obligations payment due
 total

505





Contractual obligations payment due
 2017

624





Contractual obligations payment due
 2018

335





Contractual obligations payment due
 2019







































Amount of contractual obligation
 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.




























Amount of contractual obligation due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities on Recurring Basis (Detail) - Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015











966


108



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1















966


108



































Fair value portion of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014
Dec. 28
 2013


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]












035


193


402


524





000


100







Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]












  2021
























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.




























Investment in short-term money-market instruments (such as commercial paper
 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is
 readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]













Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]















































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands








Jan. 01
 2017
Jan. 01
 2016
Jan. 01
 2008
Sep. 24
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014
Dec. 28
 2013


















































852



















348
233


127
162




































148


665


857





















































900


100


800















700


700


800















000









Unrecognized compensation costs
 weighted average period


















Option vested
 number of shares









740


732


329





Option vested
 weighted average fair value




























483
556


538
680


921
933


892
459













750


092


387


528























































378





















































040


640


696





















































000



















000















































Stock options
 contractual term





















































































450


723


090





















































135


981























































808


742





























































































199


301


516





















































507

























































700
000



















000










































































































185























































Stock options
 contractual term







































































































































































































653


092


432
































































358



















977



































































































































January 1
 2008 | Chief Executive Officer






























































864























546


319






































































































January 1
 2008 | Maximum | Chief Executive Officer
























































January 1
 2008 | Minimum | Chief Executive Officer








































































































573

























































507









January 1
 2016 | Chief Executive Officer




























































507












































507


































































Option exercised
 additional percentage













































600











January 1
 2016 | Maximum | Chief Executive Officer





































Options granted in period
 weighted average fair value of stock over exercise price


















January 1
 2016 | Minimum | Chief Executive Officer

























































































Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Estimated Forfeiture Rate

























































Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award
 Options
 Contractual Term






















































































Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award
 Weighted Average Fair Value






















































































Stock Repurchase Program
 Cumulative Number of Shares Repurchased




























Stock Repurchase Program
 Cumulative Shares Repurchased
 Value






















































































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).






















































































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.

























































Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands

















127
162





490





352)





980)





087)





348
233





522





866











































































632





210





410







Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Abstract]






































































































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.















































































































































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]










148


665


857












Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]










148


665


857












Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]














378



Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]










507


943


342












Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]










641


722


515




































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014




























































The suboptimal exercise factor
 a factor representing the value of the underlying stock as a multiple of the exercise price of the option which
 if achieved
 results in exercise of the option.




























Restrictions on equity-based instruments during the vesting period
 such as the inability to transfer unvested awards
 are not taken into account in estimating the fair value of the award. However
 restrictions that remain in effect after an award is vested
 such as the inability to transfer or hedge vested options or a prohibition on the sale of outstanding vested shares (or other type of equity) for a period of time
 affect the estimate of an award's fair value.

























































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















707





253





952





606





060





422





000




























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















922





852





740)





066)





968





































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014













538
680


921
933


892
459





876


747


474





483
556


538
680


921
933














092


387


528





658


705


859





750


092


387







Stock Repurchase Program
 Aggregate Purchase Price [Abstract]




























Stock Repurchase Program
 Cumulative Number of Shares Repurchased




























Stock Repurchase Program
 Cumulative Shares Repurchased
 Value




























Stock Repurchase Program
 Number of Shares [Abstract]



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















Dec. 27
 2014













900
000


600
000


































































































































































































Benefit obligation
 discount rate



































Non-Union Plans | Boston Beer Company
 Four Zero One K Plan














































500
000


000
000





Non-Union Plans | Boston Beer Company
 Four Zero One K Plan | Company's match for the first $1
000 of the eligible participants contribute




























000







Non-Union Plans | Boston Beer Company
 Four Zero One K Plan | Company's match thereafter









































































 or persons on leave from the Company who are employed by Local Union #1199
 and in either case who have completed 12  consecutive months of employment with at least 750 hours worked.









000


000











































 if later
 attaining age 21




















































Benefit obligation
 discount rate








Benefit obligation
 rate of compensation increase







































































Retiree Medical Plan
 last years of employment
















































Defined Benefit Plan Assumptions Used Calculating Plan Assets Expected
 Long Term Return On Assets




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Basis Used to Determine Overall Expected Long Term Rate of Returns on Assets Assumption






















































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Unfunded Status Of Plan



























































































































































































































































































































































General information regarding defined benefit plans. A defined benefit pension plan is a plan that defines an amount of pension benefit to be provided
 usually as a function of one or more factors such as age
 years of service
 or compensation. An other postretirement defined benefit plan is an arrangement that is mutually understood by an employer and its employees
 whereby an employer undertakes to provide its employees with benefits other than pensions
 after they retire in exchange for their services over a specified period of time
 upon attaining a specified age while in service
 or a combination of both. Any plan that is not a defined contribution plan is a defined benefit plan. General descriptive information about the employer's defined benefit plans
 including employee groups covered
 type of benefit formula
 type of benefits
 cost sharing arrangements
 funding policy
 types of assets held
 and significant nonbenefit liabilities
 if any. Also includes information pertaining to multiple employer plans
 which are accounted for as single-employer plans.






















































































The amount of pension benefit costs recognized during the period for (1) defined benefit plans and (2) defined contribution plans. For defined benefit plans
 pension expense includes the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss) on plan assets
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments. For defined contribution plans
 the pension expense generally equals the firm's contribution to employees' accounts (if the firm contributes) during the period.



































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015


















733


471





611


105





878)


634)



































For defined benefit pension plans
 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.




























Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.




























The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015






























































Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted Average Assets Allocations [Abstract]




























Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic (Detail) - USD ($)
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2016

Sep. 24
 2016
Jun. 25
 2016
Mar. 26
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Sep. 26
 2015
Jun. 27
 2015
Mar. 28
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014


Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]




























166


530


621


032


115


624


932


743


349


414


743
















































349


414


743




































































































597


185


041






























































































































717


798


027
















































189


619


202






























































































































190


154


207
















































344


504


766
































































000 shares to Class A Common Stock on May 6
 2015
 100
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on October 26
 2015
 125
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on November 4
 2016 and 45
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on November 30
 2016








Weighted Average Number Of Basic Shares Outstanding Equity Instruments Other Than Option
 Nonvested.















































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


















































































































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.



























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic (Parenthetical) (Detail) - shares
Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 04
 2016
Oct. 26
 2015
May 06
 2015


Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]












000


000


000


000














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2016

Sep. 24
 2016
Jun. 25
 2016
Mar. 26
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Sep. 26
 2015
Jun. 27
 2015
Mar. 28
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014


Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class [Line Items]










































349


414


743





















796


520


484














































































Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class [Line Items]










































717


798


027





















190


154


207














































916


966


253





















189


619


202














































344


504


766





















796


520


484































































Income Allocated To Equity Instruments Other Than Option
 Nonvested

























































Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class [Line Items]




























Amount of increase (decrease) to net income used for calculating diluted earnings per share (EPS)
 resulting from the assumed exercise of dilutive convertible securities excluding adjustments related to ESOP convertible preferred stock
 stock options
 and restrictive stock units.
















































































































































Net Income or Loss Available to Common Stockholders plus adjustments resulting from the assumption that dilutive convertible securities were converted
 options or warrants were exercised
 or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















































































































































































































































000


000


000










































































000


000


000

































































































































The addition or reduction in the number of reserved shares that could potentially be issued under the option plan attributable to reasons other than grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and expirations during the reporting period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014













221


140


085



Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes








Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax



















582


221


140

























133)
















103)




133)




































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.




























Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014











Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 taxes








Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 tax









































Amount of tax (expense) benefit
 before reclassification adjustments
 related to (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014












































































813


006


602





157


204


448





892)


397)


044)





078


813


006























525


328


616





707


045


130





970)


848)


418)





262


525


328























254


422


754





466


780


648





494)


948)


980)





226


254


422







Amount of increase (decrease) in the allowances and reserves
 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 from adjustments.




























Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.




























Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2016

Sep. 24
 2016
Jun. 25
 2016
Mar. 26
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Sep. 26
 2015
Jun. 27
 2015
Mar. 28
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 26
 2015
Dec. 27
 2014





























370


433


816


827


133


094


204


503


994


024
040


478





656


607


876


531


767


010


225


615


670


617


011





325


309


788


237


338


879


819


138


659


174


567





166


530


621


032


115


624


932


743


349


414


743























































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx



R$X@ Y/FLK%3X
5-G8SMMJ:Q;&Q-9*^_1*O


M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!


4;/
1HB12DVC:I$V*.FW[[29.@@J8V4[2



M#
$B?I?L)D?W@4GEF?
7



!/0Q



M%=CLR/4R3J8J 
;S1D&PXY%K:#Q]J4 87RZP[9%K:NS4&8#QU1GL?.1:'T_J

7?&(G&6

MCS



M09K -K#VHFB!%@BV:'NMQ./86

T



42%:*9@5HXB5@E4Q'DGOUEP$=ZH[


M-RB IM34S?^H[MW(  9.8$



LR6%EZ2+B
-4BV2:


F?TCW-&RYS1G#.\&Y:]WFO6#4%#NY'??%P9OW;]7G4O
M^T

M='




-#180)/@@5 LG7%6\Q(2J2Y/AC@OKCFLHX

]D_QU?
9%R12+7

H;(


(ADDR72WP@RJGT5SAW!&E#J)TB71
MRB)*%POE00;SQ-K#K4


[USR@6WZ\]HIDM%09Y%
G0MXQ^B8X
M42JP# H?9+A*?AR,'8)/0C4SV6;##3ET!.W,[0_&3Y#R'U!+ P04     G
MA%9*,D$S!3H%  #.&@  &    'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T+GAM;(V9
M6V_C-A%_XKA]T3BG0J2 (GDH@5:(-BB[;.2
(FQMN5*2K+]]Z5DQ2O/'.[F
MQ=;ES/0&O+3Y?*]:;]V+R'TBV_;S:Z[6K[T_?XBR[J'E[MN_-F'W;QS%/3


/3


M 7(*D)\-4%. .@8(^\

TG*@T3.).*HR&+R8PL2M5!*
M%BY/&ZBX0NE3R8I+7

7Y4%B1\ENE!36%P5Q4G&9R*7.-1FU

R:L=)H3TP#E1:Y)9:!2NG4.!OHV'#'9 !+PUHI

5

PVRV2A


H;.0JZPI4K-0Y'A5S[EG
C3E
MI)DW=85*?P*J*0AW5\!D7 N,0=% D26?:


CF1FJ&8/I+3IZ#TD9P69\*P-PN *?0.

F@/P$



M!#A^H^Q%I2PX$_W%




M-A3%OPK#.VOKCRTK0Y@I!&AGVIG
[K1]=H(2F#68VD[8?OO*QJ'HWN.P+P$[

M^

O]^!=Q

VD?N/=[=P1=&VY'W\


MY5 B$\#5!^@+@'2?!J@^P#]LP%)'Y#\;$#:!Z27@3[-


2R *K&302@:LD((USU@O$VFU(?5H 66#$VFA'0OL

 J03P1M;
M+PKJ%K7#)1,]X 2C00 VB)1,EN!%?V*H:G5+%=K!8! #+3 +GI14-1T(L%L


MI+T)^4VM+*O *Z

6@G.#[2UQ2W+ 

MAD#@H!P3@ FI2(UF50(+!^=58GQ(A ]*LUX4U&&A

9)LC.CIT@F ZDO,6@D
M @WEGN3\D.P$=T,4FL& D6[SU(
U'$IJ9?/1:$77
(EV.X+6C(E*
XJLR!O
MP






D+7E


'O=L1<HF+
WB?8SQ$1
MOH<<YI#-?T1$BW5&EH_OZISDR ;,VF):AXFGJ/T*H[BU43O FH3Q=&R9+PH
EIPKT!)7#_KQUGJTC0:%4IGM
M1N_%\


MZFV4#T[B/1Z:;3?^/WMX[?IF=^HE6ME5WXZ?F_WX^7[J_Z


M*5@[D+KDQ*Z :D$4AFYEL7,DGK0,$6,Q@@':1H PCKI68L6T8U:'%KFLB(U
M61@C!G'$2],  +:0$[)
A
438!L45B;&FL
%*.)(E-

P5@\B3&NR..ME:0541:9**ZRSB?*#
*4(DTI)R%%@PY9W(I
M EDL&P59UT!%F2D2IC&G'*94%'FBW&62-3PPKI\I 'EL:!SAHRJ2T$IA61
MSIXVL:8)4X,T-8S!NE4O[!%820XD

#]*[#V-E\742

(2=3#A3$X@D\N5

C!*5EC8Q&WKRQ?]:R0
MT
?=J2Q5@(Z]+1(%%F
0



5.KLSM



&UL?5-M;YPP#/XK47Y <^2ZKCH!4J_3M$J;=.JT]7,.#$3-
MTWT?W[.8$RU*)](;;S//9CX^2C=<^^ PCD52OC]J%T!\8\U4'6O@KVX/!
MF\8Z+0*ZKF6^=R#J1-**\=WNAFDA#2WS%#NY


MTRC2'8KW&+V4V4V6LTM
-&..$X:O

C?M1:N-]'4'8J:4;? D^RZT

L*H81 ??(?P8
M3@X]MF9II ;CI37$05O2^^QPS,^ 7Y*F/S&)K&3L[4OT?G2E'07!8&.L0
M H\+/(!2

:KP9*?/


M^U2'S862\D\BB*IP=B)NGOT@XA-G!XZSJ6
PC2+=H7B/T4N5[PMVB7D6R'&&
M\ TD6Q$


=19$E4A:

MGQQO=;OA]!X9#3+?UPO
BF]='!BJP3#7P'_Z




^EV-[L,W:)@2;,<<3P)69&L!!]3L'74ASY
M/W2^3M^M*MPE^OZ_M<PUW\E88N6:+!-&@9'2NQ-&L2%=YZWN_0&[!
^#NNS

M965T




MXEV(7HKM?I^Q2TPT88XCAB\Q
X*%['
)OE;BR/^A\W7Z;E7A+M$__5?A&N;V
MKR)L




 S]
M%4$?4
5*VV6!;:#I







M[;?L'U/OV

2@PI

2K%%9
MY=.75(
/5L]94(H6K]


/M2@F^5./%_
MZ'R;OM]4N$_TV_\JW

GE1U
6L15=-FW!YY&^@
MX5II/+G8@#\FC:^Q-@!*R6YP SI\'XNCH G1/*#MIBV9G&#[^0&PY166OP%0
M2P
$%     @ IX162J1K
1NG 0  D0



M?([.M[J@NR@(%%0^9A#AN




 S]
M*U%^0'
7NK8Z 5*OT]1)FW3JM/5S#@Q$30A-PM']^SDAI6A#^T)LYSW[V3CY



MF 7!
UN_MK)WY&P\_I@XOL88#RAE=X4;T.'[6!P%C0_F+=IVWI+9
M\69(#X MK[#\ U!+ P04     GA%9*




MZGG'0N&8E+^Y+]

TS]W% R-?\-SJ 0'I5@C=(JG[ZD

92?F3*+(G!V(&V??B?B+
MMWN.LREC
(TBW:%XC]%SL;V[R=@Y)IHPAQ'#EY@9P3#[7(*OE3CP?^A\G;Y;

M!OPQ:7RUM0%0RN8*-Z#%]S$[NH0S3NTW;@EHQ-L-ST -K_XA-02P
$%
M  @ IX162B0:FY2G 0  D0




M2VN(@Z:@][OC:1_Q?!3PNA79Q(KN5C[%(TO=4&S* @45%&$+A=X0&4BH%0
MQN\Y)EU21N+Z_!+]4ZH=:[D(#P]6_9)UZ IZH*2&1@PJ/-KQ
\SUO*-D+OXK


M:&5E='


?&R4?KGGT'$
B+5L87M NA/S+FJPZT





2@PI
='V#NYR




TW;0EDQ-L/S\ MKS\@]02P,$%     @
MIX162JC@ME&H 0  D0,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T



MH


MN\9$
^8T8?@:LR 89E]*\*T2)_X/G6_3]YL*]XE^^U^%6YC;OXJPU4@TN#8M

JIQNHB!04/J8083C@^@5$P49+Q.

A*7]GOV+ZGWT


M(K
X$#O.OA/Q%V^//
RFC
$TBG07Q+L0O1;;PUW&KC'1A#F-&+[$S @6LL\E

M='

RYX;6Q]4]MNVS 
_15!'U E2KL&@6V@Z5!TP 8$';8^*S9M




M*6
PC2+=H7B/T4NQW=]F[!(339CCB.%+S(Q@F'TNP==*'/DG.E^G[U85[A+]
M^K\*US#[#T788B0:7).6P9/2]B8MXB(Z[]L=3R-]AX_+^D.X1AI/SC;@CTGC

MA%9*IY%

M4VUOG# 

1

? .
MOH/_




F7V
6!
$5DJ='L$1I@$  )$#   9

 S]*U%^0'/DMJX[


5.MLQQ
4U-(0?DG'+_ W
][2N;FO\$%5(!'


-LJAA



M:&5E=#(V+GAM;'5786_:
!#]*U%^0!-?($ %2*73M$F;5'5:]]D% U&3F-D&


!L^DQ=(L9

#-

H4D4^!@








MMD2II0;CI37$05/0^]WAN(_X!/@M8?2K












M_]'Y.GVWJG7Z/M_%.X^*5S#[#\588N1:'!-6@9/2MN;M(B+Z+QO=SR-]]\
M7-9GX1II/#G;@#\FC:^V-@!*V5SA!K3X/F9'01VB^05M-V[)Z 3;30^ S:^P
M^ -02P
$%     @ IX162H.I8@&L 0  D0



C7_'2Z@$!Z58(W2*I^^I.Q]L'K*@E*T


5(-+@F+8


$%     @


M;5-A;YPP#/TK47Y  [GK=CL!4J]5M4F;=.JT[G
.#$1-$OT?W[.8$RUO&%
MV




@@\KG /2H5$*./7G)



INWB.T\T^G6G;

7@N^/V3L
M&A+-F-.$X2M



.#$3-TOT?W[.8%2UO&%V
[SV(^-DX_6/?L.

MV


&%1[M^ 7F?JXIF9O_


M?;OE::1O\&E9OPO72N/)V0;\
6E\C;4!4




LAPQO\GGAN
MZ\:X!




CN(T$2K41F/]L1!P4B0,$=42PFS#(DE0) D0[%8B(4R\$B&+

&S !@0=UCTK-FT+E41/DN/N[R?)KN=U?K%(ZHX\TE0V





U+GAM;'5386^;

TB0&HZ
M39NT25&G;9\=.

MX^9XV@5\!/R4










Q

)2MAPZU8K.




M)


DN
@!%3D@!!\V(@@F
M71(RIR1 AV&Q$




[=N^-(!V-?70/@


$#@\#M @^@5!



M^ EG0T'EPW&'9SN.XFAXTTV_C





A';5YM


M4
C;^#/7Q(MD(*[W']6_QMY]+R=FX4&+W[QV78'O
*JA88-P+WK\!G
_UQC-

M%)T_


=-5H[\%8V5W[





=/L/4SQTE



!KI/_BXK-^$:Z3QY&(#_I@TOMK: AE<X,;T.+[F!T%=8CF'FTW
M;LGH!-M-#X#-K[#XU!+ P04     GA%9*_:49_:H!  1 P  &0   'AL
M+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T,YX;6QM4V%OG# 
_2M1?D #N7:K3H#4ZS1M
MTB:=.FW[G 



MLW]


M[]

2#;9+R^!(C:-)B[B)KOOVP--(_\+G9?TJ

M2P
$%     @ IX162B:GR/NK 0  D0

MI7O[.8$RVO*'V

M'EW;



2U_9;](?:.O9RX@SLC_XC:




^BXB*OHLF^W:1SI?_BTK#^Y;85VY&0\_I@XOL88

8I#





MJVZY
.$J6;RX(@Q$9

MN=WHMQ7D=#\6YZBO#\'F;_ %!+


M970T
RYX;6R56-MNXS80_15![UV)
]0ML W$$18MT +!%FV?%9N^8'7Q2DJ\






MI.
!.I%&I\=XHW5T)DN(0D?DO!-$J0ML?4_)/$A(EY3&@&D&8 : J-)L*0
M1O0.3+R
F9 -(=D0&-3,@0;&TT@'
!+C9QOICB)L0C2#PQ+54WT;&B_Q%
M


6(FF)UHSND#+UVF)NVDAY(MJ-6/@@M
M0*=%QF)
J0%D
'2MA)8N04;M*11I=A82[JA[/:63@M!HXCF!5C@@B#

M'P![:W;0CQ8R

S

MTGS.



LR).';

'\C]FF5M@$/\RN5%




M$TYQ.(
5

.4PR!P0S3$!BO&+C\4*)9]&3$5(AR/.7$KCR'P@%



-!ZA%H$X\^3!CJ' #-QC!HK-0.D$M=@
%'P+;M4B



4 MWX-KHZ

M^



.\)=MKZ[\--E1N]%?QHVCO^IZI9,_YJQE\
M/F[]P QEAV4<:ZN;**M:TQTAB_9D]_26D[_LW]X^V=EW+GDI6\?9G<U3U
MUL]\[\A.]-*J%SY^8G




UM11DF(8Q0!0H.0.EEE2;(L3!P6


M*D!%8H)AEAQDR?]CE_+57P3:)4 %[!*ZNZC
P_&5BG/32V_/E;[S[
UTXEPQ

CQ%:7L3R#U!+ P04     GA%9*

-

1K I


MM^/:#PT19?2@3 JBARNM*&
FD^;X
R7UYYHF\'Y^R_[%FM=F]D32BK/?S5'5
M:S_WO2


MP0DPF #;!/%# NS8&#6IU716$Z5Q[#A9BG4/_$2@R@Q@.)4V8Z:Y $%9P[*
M4H3 L




M=#0W+GAM;'V6VXZ;

M7Y6\F=ESU*?RK-1+/_EZV


N6<KQ.KKVC45,.&C+3D'O%
M;JF@;)(D#FB( %\?;TSI[ #BCH@'H'[Z- +(<-)G7M%[#&(\W)9RBC/
M



MR-ZK#0=A.  3GAJ^#

PRP

OH%CX:HV:N[Z#.

+
&ULC57MCILP$'P5Q .< ?.5B!=
M$E6MU$K156U_.V03T!E,;2=<W[ZV(1P!]]0_8\SL[-K6+*.\5=1 DCGK::-
MV+BEE.T:(5&44!/QQ%IHU)





7


1^);(;



M!U5K_XP.5VU4
WJQ*(UX'=Y5Z]_WT?^;&6R 1P
\&:#LOP9D-!03*0^50_

'NV$,)#R:O7(I(L8:2@R@Y@$(E'R)@G&X0DL1P71E[W
0
MA0

M+*Q


2YX;6R55F%OFS 0_2N(





M#T^2U1@&!^ Q $\!:?AA0#0&1%



*DL
@*%%D!
M!M+!,!@QSM!(6S$*!P]!9R^!C=[P$$^G2#
P_!)@KPHZO#VPN'-Y?+8;-A=$=U8*@R-()9M_E



U]V0K9

M4MMD.0 D:UG=I8N9VWN4BYDXZ:;N^*-
U*EMF?RWY(VXS%.8OFT\U?N#MAO9

M_N\]
IM%\!Z9V]_837?9[INY'F5VSPM4H%EVMD(#9MEC\@D&CHC
J(]'Y+$C
MEGE SZ\/6(4(W\

MKY\0#[0*020OJ1=Q((8@1L1TZAA^HFDHJ&7(*=#
[]E(I@JAMF(8B7-Q#:

O1[

M*VKQ'U!+ P04     GA%9*E&VMX5


:MI.P?$1)E15LB



-)@03(9@)?GR7$$Z$\(. [Q+P
M1
 6 8VEF+


X0%
B
MC0^$;!
YA FLFK]#TQQ'W-C-@+-1H! ;)F%
(EE%L*L++-+3!@$L-D8-!L#

M(%?1N7





ME0AE;)Q3J:--M1@V\T^%Y1A@I9TEB &8*#%)@9T_N
M*##L@( .B'- [QP0+XQ1PYRF=1I&\]R+)!1Q2C(8A8(H-$!!R
_HJ
EN9LD*
M7'@HH:B@!8%1

M !'*%C8;!U$XD)7





V&F26033$;C9S0R19
M+3B[!'RX#SW1UP[=9NJXMGK1G([Y3^VG4*OG55HDB^BLB4;
_8#!
TPZQZQ=

(\O
4R$YJ!0C- *+*$#ICLRD5BR]BXF#3V

5XA!2BD (18^;(NW(

M_
#ICH!\KQ*8 L.YC./W1XOA_
- _CG1@J#4XP?.%PSD2Y5Y*.!\P1_(%PSG








7L?EVVMNN
 0=U$PP(/ZX005=)XBXC3\SI[U(





M?$W4[%4;AL?Y6G&6NZWX!U!+ P04     GA%9*.2*=N6@#  #\#P  &0








MYGAI[T2SSHPV@



MKLT


F-42]L?DL1PVAY&F
M!BAJ;'^*:30GUXOTD@@FU!O)QK6RT+.+6]%I

BQ







F2(/5WA[RU[+_
MVIQ_LTM )E@MT?]AWVPYF(\]&31V3=E-OZO=:]
7





2


M80M[#X



F[YOJNFHZ] TO1T<1I^&/A]MOK\\E/;0C[?)<-_.

MO=;C!F/5]
Z+'7MH'K<B1'^ 'ZY[B7IL*+2DLY#(J*(9+0







V?&

XZREYY2LMYHT?&V70K0KA'A10HWY VVAD4].E-58

M97*@]%4MOAW7MJ


JKM;HH(T] )S8J$Q


8+
M





M)K7:(YOD(
2++;XT)8ZL(6!0:ZM S7*&'3!FA8R-WUX3+Z^TQ/7^HO[)93=9
M#E3!3K!??:.[$C]BU$!+3TP_B^DS^#P91C[\5S@#


M/1.;;6*&6=NFFYU[9M(JTSU769H6Y&R%/.9IQL0K3/P6L;M%)/]$B#&PN(B#


M0!84R.X?11X4R.\817['* *8FU&0U3&SG_TW*H_]H-!!:'-BW;EJA=!@]*('
MDZPS-\U2

MFX_;I\GN95LN'O:-UJN)5LI/UHOE9GQUL?_;M^W51?5:KY:;\MMVM'M=KQ?;






MD

^2(*-EMHLP4VF\SF \8=C6-4/)I9


MARC;N=
#QA^-XRFGXPR O
\LG@-0= ';&Z&]$?@E4Y@IQQC*6#\[ S



E$)



ARX]/4\VEQLE!D.-A40#(0GY&:@#]57KQ%8



ME@[43WFCRD^
 $8V6'!M)C3%G ZAO.8D[; 9RVF-/V'$X#D
AI*]PT 4['
M/ I!D.15S$$+.!C9E1:_1$J44K[*'!6-RI


9Z?.G[###'0HJN9[TO';#1].

'8^X

&D\($V27C:$IXT!
M&:3';/ @@TQY#(4@(69Y3!D/*
.]RD'BU;O'C/& 
9+&!
R8
( Q 3
FH+OT

@H'0/$C !PP !DS @*Y2LC3U&H#$
M-#5@ @84M4P^#GB#U,8)FS)@G@84M=A(_%HFI2#$MB\02*B2EU@HH8X8 $Q

J$]IU%&@J3)@+2L)*%Y'










M$



 [@-HKG.90#KRC^50;E:=O 7=-/GG







;P;XQLR:T']4G%



*:
MC.]LL ?;1W6#0NR











MB@C6T@VA2SNF BL=0:*'XSX471'(+0*A$H@O&F49S3*AC%KM6$HU@;)K2;
MC:QF(XM 9)BU86+#[!.8S(99V
W&5K/Q1 :6BS4TSH)8;9)S#98\R-V875
M[
)2K9%DHS&)PC3ZP







91%)'H@W9$3DSDPF0;S*,HS+B
MQL1.3.S D.VW=8AB'+LQB1.3N##!!N

--%S

M; (  

!&
M7P5Q+]@&#(E(I&2KJI5:*=JJ[=E)G 0M8&H[R?;M:QO$A@N8)N9_YLQ'D]^


M1

Q_



MO2
_L6NI7\7]*^\22GROR_X[O_'2F-M(#.


M[ 3B)X%XE&1KDSB;NK5!S(39P)BDBF&H!$FF6 BE4S& IB*)!-

MI8* 2+-QK;1&Z2!4G*  S9Q7/%.5&-C[Q1C5&F5#%

M*0K' 9XYMQBN8QQ-4=&X0#JC)U1@KFDX(+'0,6G$U(\_564!H-];E'AXZM


MI (  

!1]



C6RTOT:;DS:R'52LE9:_
QI(K-()<8%HX'S.8QFE&$6

M@ (%D'R04]5CZ
0JQM2:#5*?P_*4Y46X8W


V$(9?1= #K


MY\??D]'PVF??\/;ZT_I/0_!=
.]98U^J_*_CMCTLPR0
MG:7G?/V:W7YV4X!





 TL1DX

+<<P\/B!

' U(UH

F
^/1ZKP+P(?_$P
7=BA2(;4'4:SXO)G83)A014 D,E?A
M
K$++Q1RY# Y E_&3*QB\TDNBT,A4(%)!+&/Z@@!699^ 2:F!08 +%C )/
M8 *%OV:9.'6'!BQLC)K]&%
!
&4NII/HKC8GAU5B4B4@E?)58E+E#%(E)E4B
M-UA12)&U L2DRH!A(R 71)[*SDC6LR71'QY^S/EY6 J5@R,!, PHN0&!@Y



+\*;0(NA
*B3@5+?&3

M(8G


MY7H

M@;K&J&N NH<@$ E%O5N,N@:H[?* 2)EB 1J



4&86(
MDLQ@K,R,'W ,)L:@M9-U$#D)^KHYN2EL/5^.-5J@DUU+MO^].+FZ?7D[)GW


MNVO[2]-=U^


M2@#MO=6\45N_U+K=$*(.)=1
/8H6&O/E)&3-M GEF:A6 CLZ4LU)% 24U*QJ




U@J*4=


M P04     GA%9*OCF


M970W

MKVTX1


4
M2Q7RQ(]!UR9(DI0X'DQHKCMW(SN1
O

M$_XA5
TL==+TSIPIMT)E;\4^3#)TTT03YGG$! M

M E
?WJE([02AE2 T!-&2(/)6-K:8V/=71C[&W F)K$*B+4'JV0EV5H+=XZV(

D5H+D\5:D5H+T@59L


S0!FK$DU.+FJESJG=




+6)..HC-S82AGZ?N;49


0D'/ J-+2B0[_K IY0L2
MWSL; @E CLT]8U8DD23B@3$KCNF.C\R.0@6G R;BI3H9.5P.FPJC@*@!X2A

MIJSH!@&M8H:1A%G83.@[JC#BK8V8'#G\C7D-

OG1BQ%5=)D#F#4&]M1#E

6ZNX#&

M$([8H:



MP]&3T'X
MLJJ9;XI*X9BRHK7Y3+::H+]VXYV@Y&=\8AFW&94&#G



@VY=9E






M]H+XO8+$Y+WE(O2/\)7+_(6+O;S!W5M

MG=E/9:*7XB%]S
C%&GGF:62B.7
?+)GM&A
NF=T:$RV9_1H33PPQM4P%1:L%

MI0MLK(W


JS9Z<-Y:TL?[4O3ZN)RUI%
M*E?+IG61Z9]/E:H\;SUI'?_V3MVAS];P_/GD_:$+7@?SEM4J+?-_MJMF
W$C

M

$\7(2^:98E#@\ZNC]W)=\(+HR#*'@EY+HG
@+M922'OP:0]^
MY\$_]Q  BO7(A!VSZYA(C]&\9I4'/F 0R8H)GU!:PYHS8&I.41S.#\RP5D_
MP&6,5L,+08F HP6\H@_\FG-(:TY)#2C-34[


QJ1
]J9
RJ8+2#F'80WWXRMZ4.

M
R&!Q3I?X@.3PA@/+/D;+$4'$%6'%%BX;XXS1
90$U0(
99-4)QQBVI+V0%$





M='

IYW=_4PU*E
@

7-16DU6ZH_

M+G
/

M2

MT.G*Z/'AW/M [I7Y.:L9O]TJI4FWB$X4 1Q%H$7AVK !A@UP_TD0P@[ASY-@

.*'2 5;ZA@*-&H%4*A-=8(6.S2X

=6D)M]O0.UY;[[
M]Y6U'/V\!L\ !ONA$H;5.K)DI-A5Q_G26--CSL0\;I4V5X:I(XX\2OD
#5\0



E6
M
18.575FS1I:\03;+\('=+]!V! LXE?)+G(T#DPH
MSYR_F
G7W2*

M:U[]+G?JN B+
-BQ/3U5ZHE?OK ^H#0
^NB_L3.K--PHT3ZVO)+V&6Q/4O&Z

MYX)? M%M;TM-%:%[HK._-8LVV?:;3H_4J^=E/L/SZ&P
]9A5ATE&&#0@(FU]

I9.-#\BLB
!@GMGP\B9/ !@AH@%@#9&(@=1+583*+

M?
KQE1QGH-H






M*UX[ O*M^^1O#BN#MX#?%;1RM'=



:?4A1;48A?
Z

[3\




M2:M6O?O



MO.JOU^%)E(QFV(!& [H9


9
W]^


I&I.&BK1(Z


Y@(HNYI2Z
M?D!.&I9H!K68+^LFP@#+Q/UH
JQI#LF:UF*UK



X
M&GPT?#^^'LJJ(9R


MKZ\_O_JXETQ3W%A9UGRSW%?'NX'0SV]B5^2\KOV65IVX)$
&BKW]IWFSB\


M


4Z[$]C\MX


SM-ET*7!T/SF#+/'F0Q

RN
47UFC3&@\


8&D35R:DJEABL@\QS!!(\X
M!Z


:Y)$@;PC&
MI(9!%SYFJ. 4J(VEYGR!F$L$$XI0T*$KK +)&%AXUDAJ1E) ;7PJ$D;2;+U
M

0 I7TJHDJ#=7/A
ZF(-S,$5]2,A!QX5.*<+!!/OB0
MFPEP8BV1M+1D<.5&TC(&1EPC$;F*X+KM4UKQ&KL4T9'%$J
4.0Z8D]AC2NL
MD7D

?8D

HE!?'R)# =_8L)S@VK+$PAF0TPJ#X!!8






$%     @ IX162B-MSSC*
4Z&R4
MZEFW  :]<9TCEMC^A
ANFR!4[V1/0A[4DO%J;&F:HCN%=#*!W%&HNUV3SCM



M5=
)C:[2V.?A+[&6TH5LMU8+:V=TME@4!NW/=B]F\U&$;VTQB2^5]0_ 50
M2P

G
G-U9LTR1!#P\W)\_?_?Q;W5]2([[XA_'_$UY


[_N
N*_1_^]&]U\:=_._SI^W)]W.7[0Y+M-\G;
5\^[).K/*O+?;Y)WM?U,:^:#_Q4]JU6%O,QOR^K \'MD!W:</ZOO/61S/?




M+NL:YORV]756WQ&!6^

DHT]@U?GN&LY522$-\)_J



4 RFN_7
#@YO\KSY*?R
MD=_:8H8*.1\6]]GZ_S?_P!23)U77_(__EI
2RD47?E=@.D];\G;P&K#H_M


.--A#1;0,X=1D&INFS& +S=

<CC10\_73$9E\E,+H7';L]E_*O.!P2G

M\=QO '7G^?ZO44OS?G.7 9='DB9:0:14H

MG*I+?GHVXR?\/

M'DE.A:?S0J_'JR0[)

M_/#K;
-FI'


M:%I\]=J*LD(IR6/BA5K6.W
L[Q!SW0/@
MY/;QHGP V7N07
+7A&FR'+;O(8U&21^GO&9=I$[NLB]H?
WW+M\6.UCE@?%_

& ?+QX@%B01VI^#F\)4M]L38++YKB&'8L%/6E=J0$A



^ZI63Z.^)^N 'V
M=1YZGV'BAW!0T'AH. 
-DGI[EB
.'.8L*B9OCA5B6WB&H
/60;CHAR- FVVP


+X
=;\8L?Q
M]^(X]L

M0$VRVT-5'& L/ N$#5VG-9
D#Q.7W1SP])'CP$@@E&3860/C!*2!.V;63%SQ

M?2F%R[^B+B=T% \?Z:BN!6A

MN2MN[_3E #




#RABP_MD09CC5^ = RY*EQYF

A%MW4PV]T

MVF .
1^'J#

0N)8Q6A2






5QW

M=^4]#-F!_ VR*1H:D[\?BS6@!Y/7:S'9^.GHA??9^C-)6G1+M*D-GC?B0 !
MU9+8%GC%.2G,%\4^9=7Y BB$J*TF)H@DWO(Y P98F

FTLW'1
M^R2_ 1#A=F&K\2_$Y $MVI6-FCZ2$I0$TG]?(-3BAL9(M\^C.*7^)S.I<
MM#KO20;4AT5E=(RHH
.] L8 I(70
I$H\804YAQP$.7R;C#8^44O:-];8C*D


N34$)\

KQ

)Y\*#-'0\







MH1-K$.(N'!U.@R:A[/!XCY+WB=

$^L[^ZQ)J\2<K=2)IO-ZZQ)MI:
M';DUR8/)+(RT.6/QKMW)F!2FZ1W4)%
IPW6Z*YN@3L0
'V)8651LTKEN_V.T


M99?A

M[PS:2&!'F@.G:VQQ)=F0NAY3#GG/1''$;.KB1'HB_

6]X^U3;)#YY_2B
M0RGL&A05TA38ZBDLR;4-H2& X+@G_]U^?^0(C(
F+05J@


UY[:.1W;JH $!HHR='%BB::R:/\#:_&31-




1Q(



IZLU/9U&*Y*RQ;H&8Y#
M!

9[ !JF$%P+
_.Q@<[4 0_


M?IM_)9RO\EMY;\W9$D2&$L6F Z





DVYQ_NCF4B$+46(3R'9
M7_(&***ZO$:W+$Y&H/Y$T86O 0[947&9PNX_5113\HBNB*SBRVW3@CY]J$L
M%BW%5JV:^2[[3=?[! 

3LB-5/&
M4MPN8#K&J)Y=O6)0D[M;[3




M9 ];.(%(($56OI'+3O)[?O@6

M
6J- *+:DHU.%/K'W]!JU#V)




=55N.;O+4V)SSYX






Y)
MD:+:=T1GZTAP6PH-1?(IR)

M$%17P'2UARNC.(YK1LPEV1*74:N9DR&0)Q1XD0Q:AA8K(\#]&36$*U*G0/



/!\<6^5MI*E<4L/[Y @D4*?IZ_&D&9W2PI X

M$%4CK
H;5

90
M

M DNH4#5^?


M.O94@U=GU;9

B]-R^W)B\3[Q/%
M 5&PNCBK9*9!XGNU_
!6.0['4=N_@7'#98D?=1TJ('6HT(]=S+C3E
/:=6M;

:^BS*0*?Q;QT:9$U_H7./
!?7LQ7 4IF72[-Y*8





AU-


M9Q*6%9?NKG'X!
A(.EQ-L#J

+G)TBEV3
M_#)*1[




Q.G1



UN;R5SD+XB ?D:ZAXJ2W!DJ57::(P$/PX:

RW_2UZ'B!
?_

PG_ADZX^G^66HEHY[TO4=H<

RQCASAB1(P
2/!L:6EGYUVSE-3(;*S?\


MI




MWK 69V[OT 67C[CVFH=!ZVR T.[-
=:HK@MN F(!A6H%$_ 8;&HR%R7:*4


U=IL39)(6A'?=N]X2M/N&T

MQANX5Y5MX 
0P #'TZU_XF^YU#81[RQ
]HCW'



%B %


M@LNS%+A-T^%J ?^.9M




[8[YA+GW?#%.1]




M




M%$K!RW2&?(I9*. JU$:\;TTH!9.EWM[4E]&!!4H%*%***^XR0WVG7W@UN^H*



MA0]@W93_*##MZG)-4A4NI!5/9GI-(-=ZHVU!N]KS_F60G!SO@R/10_ SDR^?

C;[5*;OCQ2^^H&9)VL81%G&J L@AL$_XR'^
^+V

MAJG&


M0&V_X9:



_T-
0JJM12$:-#C!
7_!]H
G6]#U6504.^_98

M\3A'9Q5VJ-U1&5\,/5MUH06^SVL5THY@3:!

')58


Y(6OQ__IC(K[WS

3?CWM;HB-N$-I$(!L:1B4!&RUW



M U8












+\





RGO4L%V1*+J


NFMEH0.AH9;^R1A1%[:.

];#)6%D)U
_


MY5JU
L[.\0.B=-*U..ASS=6(9+Q0#Y

M12Q&T//T#? J+H1&D5_
.=!MOL^;#U]&#Z=LM:/^TEQ!#4&IF
E$CN'D[98H
MX^3_.*JN$?JDHKX?YU@2YQ09K ]SHB1
Q_6L.:&YY6D.S[329S4)U$5)H+\B

M0/ 51 4J$
A4QQ4O$U8FK2@6&IW6UKEM3H8A*/5Q
:X^JM/KHMFEBB=7=\76
M



MLB#.@71=BUAGW$B1:D/4=^(9-./4-!25GTV:S3W(.%@?U[;TE

M(:GNF'I;$CVHY:R5*=!BV!VX*TZ)P.9XKJ(3WDBZ@;E
1! 1\W@\7%NB
MK1G@I6F+/VC1?EVZKH5\5EZ8$6$W5/Q/HRK



9

<4C';[(0X!<;UH$! J
JN9
L


N2HW70YDW$

MA=N.1/P.&KC-;V*W5:9EI.J:8NV=ULMCU84B$)_1P:\-EH.(J4
M&'5FE*V=1RRY20S-V$PCG=DXO,^_HN,,#M'D++16*/O[:/DZ* 30WLE++G
M;DD-15P#F,UC!,UF<]F7'U8XD('[51E57<[ZB]&34CN=4+4KSTH11&V$\4#

MQG*E_Z;-.
)OER(.ALCS1A;CSSTI-3[+%)
9%^EHCBEL\\E@M7)_%A:P' [3


7&6V+=E\RZM2SODQ/P5



31V*[[G(8JWI=%+ @PJ@S7SA
M
?P
M-L9]RZ<9U#'?2#I&4ET
89[-A'QM[MLXXBH1_R@Y\5=?

M



RDWT

=0'-GD\Q+!)P
$J9

E_9R#%H
_L3JV+L06!.WVS(6&





;_NX21


M@ MTJQ434'1C]Q
W


IS6H6RV'^W8U]GIK0 G('$M?UXS\YJ.)XELW0Q7#BJ
MH#M+Q[.)HSJZDW0U&SNNIIO.AW-'&6[C=#@?<E<T=C%-TNE8VP6=89^3X7!(
M'FYVPC[5BE5YJVEP@W=#N4!-MO8GHWI.!<I_ZWXZ$H!@7A5[:(&9_-ANB)/
M
\P6 !COSC.3H?1




O&/A
HW&Z
'+T@.9L/%Z;?MFU&%? WA()\T/BWAF7EH]V7


QDJ
WV'7[@?4



MAQ53L

M%/FVN*5T5YI





KHFN*V*H$=[60O

MN89;S6GP6A#2XQS.YM'#8WJP*ER55



C-0 &X5I-GWKZ.R;


*)H0:E)XW2Z&'45/U7;C4 W9--T_EH
MA$WA[-D






6PX?=4GI?

M8LSGR3? I))O8'_Q90*F]$T;/$;\?6: $?T+]-E\=/\/;WW X7+8V4X=P:
M

KM=BQ+!P9O&]C='P^^DB6;@%$U8'IN$@%#A-'A


4H7:PH'GF*74P[2V&BGWZTH@ZU




M%@P9S89D* S%_CKK(
 O/X(VX D5W-IG/O;S^E#&1&XTGL7/=D.&C
1?^)9
MC6ER2D^[UIO[GYX

%XO$










M4K#)#UFQE3Z;)S;I3ATYLH#./(U6-[@FW@'KXE9-G3&Z9\GY%.325W _;O*J
M

7%:PD-

EV$EH=:G&!E_!8@-





M2

M6\DV:(ZPC05-.$OG?#)3J7:J4S1)X=7QNL;^/8!T;_'(6GD?_Q-#DQMC4)='



6PQY(^#Y.3XSFY&


M:D-XHGVF90M^H.\TW-
L+
ABA$J@NAN:3DIRLKQQ@
JOB4YV\



M @$]F2PQI7FY@._@/:-5




M0FAW0B\G[3E.VOO7?QDMIM]U_FAN_Q=.

M

<^)7H=.'A9-8'



MD
#G#09 -R+IO1$@W:_EB%J/$^[=%;=W^G+*
 ;!X2;:6W$X2@V
R^Y#3#M)
MTMIRHOB]7!LC5'8*-K^+6]Q.2JL79;P&

M:F

#2/70XM0!NKVWE W
M! 7E

^TZ$O/A??;H11GQ4X9R

.?V8\@
XE5_[[6Y

 GK]_5A@HBJS
MA&O00ZA\L$['H539^C-)EGWA3YP0PI6L4'82
AY5.?D[GCHMBG;/BX *HF

NQ
2::W
#FX65T7.-'
T@!:FN*




:4=#9!18#87U8&6_L?W
MP.
8SA3\E.\Y%J3RW5I(F 7@D!M_D/R(Y2!AV7 #@(([KEF#2RL1M/D[55
M:=;!+AA9

Q:3\EVHZ[YS+4U3N
MWJW/^SHWMO+S.86+_ 7TD.]S4Z&@J(7X8*EDGV 65[V72O?
9J@V)!$H'T0&

 IS%U#9/!

89RY(B548L7?\ (7I2L




^



/P;M$GNKI#Q&VT1@1





)T.U?1VF

MH7^/#
:MG(_O'-: :CMQO%Z]PXAR

AO'WW:25.






.* _B8D&6JI4W4:?5U[
MH#M*81M7$?=9@\$$ZIE3TYDUT6AHCQXGPPNO)P:\-L4X3FQR92*
9[$7R'


ML$T4FPZ



MFZL^E&NUX_M*S;N?_ZBSAWMIPBQBA#%0UJ&Y+!0E'UYC4YFG(Q.Y1/%=[X&
MD&5'1?NXB?;WF@B937PK5TY].G$/!C,5B,Y&H2V&6?4F*'4*
[
IH-T:$

XW
MHS33(IEM

?#29PR)LD']$6F !85=I-R[FMP

M=
981_$%J 1\807.-10WJ@:K(932-Y4)Q7OS'(MQ6N_#95+Y@M-J%$1=8?K$



E=P^$LM^[U/=*]LU21H.BO!^7YT
M^:%I'KV15'9_MQC!-/.VT#\5?84Z]WR(L/9+%AIR(AX-K$-SLGJR.LQJ:K^








MLP5)FQ'S33
7)$K8#?&BO+G %3?K



5EE\7^'

_4.K2'PP#.-9S3P)?THQ;J7-!D+XR8Y/)U%WB=A4GD;6TB

M4D=3ZFQ:\F):5\QGXDA
(6H$!7+)-! B*(G.P OV*O;W##SE:PG'9Y-IE8


2B&7
M

M:QD&TKA4HA$!A?O@!*5VY6;?&N\QVAF*[Z$09G$#V]$*$FD:&-4&EG^ZA2
M

-P^VP
R%6


MBP5FV!2[*N^
C(B

+O$ 88\_C!0(R

M1;'5
ZQW=K'/!4'$2H7-OB)E#X7!2Q1+HNA0]=CM'^]NOAGW1H%^0RE9HF$A
M1.BHDB?)B@6;B6! XD,@[,6VJ7?$@7U/[$9BNYQ2E.:)+:@UIBD3(%HQ9S
M!L4&R/=GW2#]'I]OB,(=IVZ$6A_2S-DY@21N5\1&V9/Y7?\7+:77Q.)I4%
M*XKI/JV3;J&.0!CB4S
_%$3Y*W'B_8V.H,C88*:RUQ4HOJ_R(_'P(A^X%
MBQP V5?JXN(CAY&^\3E@0JG



M;]HD*S+XV38U0MZQ#YKO[[HDK4KX*J^SJ((GLBJN.OA7&N$



MY^!%-/D
FF*Q&

Z1)


'*T.L?[57HO6*B6D0TE RE?3D1I/
ME#5U6U@L6/P7#U(PA5T-R-DWAL-WPI:=5V*H/0/BVW1 /X(
-V8ADK6K=-HC

M\E6%M33Z 7DIGB5EFB
95IN)@T%&\)GS0]_'H$NT#0@$(ATA:N86_E(.)=*$

M]?J2'*U'2/Q;=$*G@Q

M)RU



M




5M;@D EJM]B$%%7S1H.[HZXBY!9-544]'R&]F?
!%W!

Z\'[%@7U^]YI0

Q2

M






W1\S]I&OVL+QC29$+Q&-




!1H9=,A5(&QE:530\VD
M(Q(=0BI\4)_7H5A%G[]8 ;I<6ZM-@CF,LKM:S'&J!8^9C7FD9(AX'/SM2+#
M/L;+!^+K3;JR(

EL8-D4204C+61_9C=C0I&1J2^
M=5+7%7VB-TPVQ#1==%N*)'E@HHOU$VFD.QH0N4YZ3@M7WXE1=/V%Y 4&+$2


M
U!'U$8660!!*G# BQ\\@)
#=NO($==]?8?
2I#
8*HT$9F759)7141&9I%T

M#J+Z2 ?^J:*PXZ]E(A?))8.DE7?=
0F%F7

MWAH-



21[^(IFQ+L[+;JPF4V6=D9;@P0$L$M:Y(&[J)([%M

D:^8*D

KQ

N]#S#'

ME?B1@\KV43+^(EP=
FA4O6DM(M\KH8%(






D@Y6!1+?2F&
M+5(3;JPD/$8T9[6\@-


M

MW])2$NNB3LI


M6M.*YG6B&YPWH[K14(%54O/

M3R6K9^9G8K0BO*(KYTV^
8UDE4N\Y(K_)AOPRLG+B\Y ]1=G?IE$/]YMUIB4
M&1%







X_MC
M[OOC#&B7V:


R-I=

;
QV5+!Y!
M)9O8A/#(#+S@[[MLN!




3#5YH^=TB).^)KB9'5[?4!^Y?5E(NM-



=


-$0V\6EU0PAW
XG:W

.54EXRH6+'7/4MJRH\C3UN6/127Q%U8Q64VNB6\
8O6RT7


M8!*;? 9

'3? NK
'1L.#78N%_^;\
8A.[
MCP$-!MU1+A*8?E


M V4XN:P!)

M^


C'

W[OH
(<^2XD%N-D&+#WI-'87


OB
XNK



M-/33P-A=CTS^A&*FKJ

D]K)R&]]V P)1)9)@_ZQNFW#OEW#Y

M_46A8RG-





QQG/9].9AH:RIA2\_.(\]+@




))XQM

M4QYQO

X


M!CT+NO9UN_O7VJ5Q





MV&Y+'YL)VSW*%#X(VVWHH7

M6WT
4M/&6M;._98H&U##POPAK&'7:$24_;-D-08
MXB84!_#@W8TAIRD9EC:77(J&?/:_?0P;06T
@PI[_9NXY^;84UM^KV4W@_&
M3LS\Y!#^_K[/!(%;G&^OE@1A-YG&BQ98GP!K4:D6D+APC?
R_]S9!@/ CC.




V=VSIR]H-FXT5L&]Q6 1AO.1)/@

FAJ!21O;!)GP30
%P$G5. T%BV_X;I!



=^%T(=?9R6QN%I2+;:#K'8X(;3)&55#FHH4R$
@S.L/09L#8O;W4GXL][DV!_!Q[

M##NI:[9]QV@I./C%_+)@=&3!-9]'51)11\-G[TJF0% 8;0&I6FVBWQ5I%[
M1O?7:5

0



M?&^FWP!02P



3-?2%L='V*9%%]B

M+WD15G;\#%* 29@!


F.'])%I@F52 $J9 73AO&[Z /KHU+*KQ174A3#S;Y27NL:1
MGI)-%_:N2[-IS:X]


^Y=QQXY*B
M4
9

5/H1I4MU!*U'KX*


^<4[B=F%(4R9@I-K22@2
([4R@*Y

%/I7Z=4Z5&QG6V7E2H4 [YK=

S7C+%,D %^_9G0F:!%^

 )I0N(  











]R&Z!C%M^$L*:
















              ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ IX162A&U


4     G
MA%9*






&UL4$L!



4










2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     GA%9*Z9.*5ZD!  1 P  &0              @ $\0

&PO=V]R:W-H965T





M970S
YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 


S4N



$5DHFI\C[JP$  )$#   9                <9E  !X












4     GA%9*6LV.

4     GA%9*$C+64ZT  !10  &0






$5DHC*G*T@$  .
$   9




YX;6Q02P$% 


O

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     GA%9*D\Y'XIT  Y0  &0






4     G

4     GA%9*?59@/MH!  #0








M% 








              ( !+80! %M#;VYT96YT

end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001193125-17-052150-xbrl.zip

38Q
C
Q+GAM

M-I/


4WASO+I/9\N7-Q]&
MBW1R


O/'?+: 3]\_C&;?




EONK*L'+GXHW]SZ:U7Y4%1_--BM?/N3U2/$=7 ;=
M7\88N'J9?ZM_IGRS9O7C59[#V3WV7/ENS8/IU_&G^H?PG9H'9J-LO*A_PKU5
M@RF;?4X7R_IGBO?P(5[9\VQ\A'#9N.8W9NE'./.3H[QN?\KGT_2G\F.;IU;W
M]4]






G]


M3T(/R:F\B!YADC O#B

JLOT
M3.P;&P2: #

/!9(MN40ID#G7DF00L*\7BV=YPI*ZF+PLJKG+@0'B__
MUO WYX#@4?EZA0'WZNU_6'5/C$.D'5C7YV!O'W[B[_7)7SAG65Z=;#M6ABO

K?;%T9/G=1P.N0=PH&N!T
$8#M!(58VR(T8!KZ-$H
M&N!
4X'1(
V-;BT:\ I YC-GVHZF?P E%V_2? ST''U



MFB[B'@7\7N

\X&U!)?E_NP
M8W\4OOS5]#IDRCJ*!316(0
_.[&$B&%(0:^B8!OZ7%M0QXKM65+II
L1;X



9
ML WA%;^UMA.R/T:7WB5WKYR?\-#SC)6$A3(D0MF06

M@
(]

MG

MUT






M\3;FLX_OTOP^2C\L7:*=8ZQ?



IW


+M




MLNG$I1+-
)DJGW]VN6J+O@]@P]@_7E=[U%1

J




MIC?6U$X4RSVA1_OFT(8Z5*(.%1696[_XT_[I\.!IUU=!G B!'W@Y3W!OUY0%

M)?F[?NT5?Q0S)8 .\

<4

K0*K::M7?9

ZAW1*=2
ME1& X^L^.
+KDL@B_I7-/@X68-%2J2RO;X!@9PM7#P_3+
W?IA]&RZ?(#6YH



MD0'%B3&47TN0G985A5?BKY:?YCF6LEY

Q+%3

MY8;:P568%/ZTRJVWZ4^;NQ24[L4F/ZURZW?ZDUQ/?W+PSU-N+:/O8?J3W$Q_

N++A^I




77SRO



O(U6^0]Y#:



MZ35^;
#-_IS/JY





7C##BC/RZWR!_7]?W\%A&9[*XAHSU&AU-.%Y




MA7ZAL;&E5+
KGR80ZV:!'-!XL Z=V6EAWPQ#E\UIKP'L

E
0PQFSB
TPP=V&*O1NA[7J/7GH-5HU1




M)(DT$

MS-V0/5EIH?




C@;_/\[Z^P


;[G$QDR9F+A*6VV609

MHV/\6R+_S_3C %4IQ3XZ'A

M;#\PZ3T=PR1&Q2_/2WQHCFQQ,0&;&V-VELR3WUJ?]3GBXFXY0GZB)P6^*4




948]8ZP!X1Z VO8U
M)S;!
H7R&#5B<A8V<





D1)=9BW9&**-


M

:EYMG4N.






@
M.YN8TS

 MM51K-FTO5
M

M@*


MEAZG@G5*%8;6=[57[R #.;T0 PU-;XB!G&O0-Y$3LC2SF!:5P2P#DQ
]
(&+
MY)C6Y


M/8ZA/

_






FCJ<4F7;IP[?E#4IU2%U^M<

M5UNX(3M&M.:6EU0F4 J(1ZWA1$113*P.)0EY'/HA#[Q$11NS0ZC*./7S8)XB

MX(*SP3 #\:(\1P\8@X5)#_$!1'
\1/I$\\9H-(119$+-OF.;H(S]5YCM=-

VKF9L9*:4D!;(@]@@4+2!#XD@1@M_8!E$BZ-;SKY:3
MU,] :P^6U.JRK-5&L#8N3[4O1Y6IV4P7!B!=KM4REYVL)OFV4C7U%:JIJEG
7UK1LK)?LQ'/A'TI(
MQ:CT?9L0PWE
!+41
331A#

7C@XIP!=^-#5:/!+<K+LZ
M

MD_92O+Q
)[0Y;K3HW6V)NF PC)=(&K$D)I8K@;? B!34HQ8A#8$$FE+[WC6+

7
&+''4JKS18SR+0&1MRE<Z^VZ1YP=]7&$--MZAE<[;1)K+2Z:RZ83#CDCZ




4K4Q5OK^

M


QR'6##?

M[7VX!;HT22R1VH\$7C_[-(F)4 9+
W1(0(T;3ZL87DB #BZKA

MI&0%BEN::$:D-G!P?Y)H$)+(AK3R/.M &&$S&,PIQTK1?;GJET%M5=O#&1
M=BH=UY6
R3Q_











OL/T1#E;EP#S\1\]C'<0KUFQQ<UFP5GZ:Y^FD
M9*U(#YWY$F/$2 X$/#O4P&@)O#J'!9D*51.=3?VA5.YXQ_$7Y?Y:)Y/LMDH
M__9JF=XOX&0BS?+Y=.K.9G&G,$C!(C$*+*6M\WXZH4+E]J0L\BJC1O57MMK
MA[?I:(H3L7%5:Z.T;

M210-0D.8+T(BPI 3(\. A%$DXH@F



MJU.F3H


MGV4U*I;X$2JIX8W*41LB;9(Y.D1JF)I[Q_K5[R/\RRPO;A/!^-F:0XO-67J3


6:&DL

6L@7\


-\(C0 ##A51/NQXJ&-=&]==FI)RLX'\?105+(]J[E9[$



ML_OB\DZ7U5E;W]DQ
:IQF@FJ#]RC=++N3N'NZ*=3T*A+'+( V[;
QMF#.S]_
MI.-5[B3'8!


NVN88G7!
MG'/


MEST\ (_^ZV@V*:




VCX1)!J9 7$XN_$U/*9$K86_)

MZ[OJ()@AXL:Z/;!Q-\ ; =GBWE8K5X[=H


M\&KO]]YFM763




8S;5)C[GRDJYG$E!LTU9UQ^!U6BL:GUP^SJ*6.6
4^'Q3D+WCA@&D]HK
M36;/@MCAZ+A'J'#1$+[&1


PXHA



MY+)KT-

MU?[.5[6T;?YP+RKL!*5TS'S*@











M3Q/8=V5B8K4.2:*



M+:/N/&OI4BK%'O=MJ#D) J.)#%,S (0YK$($VV94+&KV2DS'O :DHM].5Y
M2?5LV5$@K+7C)5W44


J



8]BE<&FIDPUFA/.B'.Q?G^SYCF[D91-/Z
MV<@/+*=U,@]JQR$*6*Y<X4@EA[FR\'U41<9A/K]DZFX/'HL C0&&]T/8.TL
MNH)FE

\8NA$$\HJ

'N3&56S
4=[]L

$RFEQ_T[@UZ=^FHRD:^;BJM5WZ
M^F[76AVT'2YK;US;)D&EY6/)^V7IZF;'RK-0?FNO9/--HF@0&L)\$1(1AIP8





7 8IKPM?G6
P


B


ME
*6VZ\57):





3\P\4%M-0.R<_;2Y9X;.9KF2V2D?&0MM:2O'VY



BO.%:J6X(+Y'P K25-?0YT/U4 *?RTVUL!N

^VP?1GTN;


XUV#.)3XSO
V(]/$8J%(&(BT'MUHTU

MC GV)R:&@86



@LIZS\V[B_/6/Q;UF8OZSDJ=G!=,(?D4)2_S ,&!%
M3!B)O82H*-A[P5)R
U&%7FWGM[-?#J.?9]*&-0N*#^=SK^
X#$
U;Y-%VD.


 ;M
X
:2BI!&1()X1;*
M9^XICT@3F3 !^UR4K: ]UDIN!@\NW1/%Q0N\!.Z!7[9CF'[8X7M.M+\&@IP
M\&$4'!BEO M=)2PDCR,)MIIG(R(P$RV@5N$-';4F@08Q!M;C?-J%EX-G#[J
MS%N!+GSETPB
?JLC3D2@+ E
 36/OZS[F^OHXA5SC05'N_D=MH1 R_;9$5,G@6QPTGUCU#ADAA5
M<Z)@H_6SI]?WU*BX&5%:XP^@!%-4MM[&*^$0DQCR/%2__5=B(GQP<XC\#R^

JDY


C#!@X$\)[:+F%(T!

)(FA,24A#4*?F1<6V\CL:VV2EU(J5JU%AW:



K3V
R5

MAOT2A0:_)&0H-]_C@[_\U^GR3Y/L\W_]N/P3 
._'FX6RV_3]
\O[D?YQVQ&
MEO.'GZEY6/[IIGSAPWRYG-__[.%+=[!@LLC^(_V9;O^^&]UGTV\_NVZ.-[^G



UJM1L)K-5B\G^Y_Y7'Y;08P- NH=?Z:MUY_NMW_:

MGRD[70%9_NR)B17=2?XOV4ST.OSU0+L@,5_[X1\'S[$N:@B?]S&
9QDKPX


S8^_H.=<7F-.<2F=*K1;IS7+T]=D=
MO92\([M\&5K)C2?!#:?S3[M4@YL'A^7B&/@8#=IQ2&=XH,&LTGV?D._G
M/-SEKLK_V1T%^E)XWYV[+5^JKMVJ'\H5E.DMHS*(S*MI+8\IV/2 \<
#[1Z










%FR)E
M=S\(;_X]=0)B5KQ6\KK[X'II2




M?7%#X3^?D4_PS?N2WJG5^2S]5AYG^.I-:T
G
6&E:%9\ M4W_78SS0 $BM_U

KS#









M-U/7RJ^@GKRUM1A08Y0WSGCXT_9#&1Y\9!WJX]X9^OECW=.&3XB:ERVVQO?
MO7E\GW A8 *@GEBK#6QN^G\R^(&%%39F;R&-];.O3/N[\&G0=B%-U8\A\)\

L!YV.'A;IBZ;-%




M@6X(7P=A8J2QG'Q\ZT2N
:&9\I-EOI V:BN@NX:[H &[V=&F*4Z&AD7H4E.:
MG;:R%SE\TD@ VQ )U-

;D-C
M[OQ% X\!YST1
3IKC\OIE#GJ(A9DXRYQZ@@/60UOY(2SRG&5O &3WVW*2A@?

&1=79SL(*7SW.K.G['(9P19\&'C&_(
M=(H3]P(A7+0&%D%C8P^49U53NDWQB6SL%%Q5NLHF,P POQ+'//H8D28E48
M :





M=*Z8:X8A'CY 0PCA/9%8^





MC



JY# ^#QQJ=3^!4:!RA8IQ[J7![G8[&6;TA^#=I)ZB=Q[MK:
M=.
\2\1EH&Z#( Y9^%M^24S^<

N(
M;%6^=;37*#5(2ATG!2TW\OZ69AFY?E'1H\5.LQ=YC&.C[X@ 0R1K5/F9
2T

+-VT



C:*SO;2HSC3

#BDOQ5N






MA D9365

MCC(G$77RRM! 09YA%V.M

 F7P!'O
MQ/FJPAC.AY<KJ)T(X5ZX3#E8IV2F@J) +$8A\U_,;%ZU6QF\!AJY5C7XJ


MF(HC HY

L

M(50 A1\&UPV$$3G


S


OE
M2





$-5G
MT'  5LE


M=EH6KS



U#1@
M+_4J-T T1B=5A53QQ30IN^ H!U7$

%
4








_/O0KN^:.CLL
E!]^0_%RJ:?70<Z*W=
CN[3__X
M\=@83Z\YJ!G/=['G%ZCFG%
_OR-D
I8Y'.RLY1P9CVG;5K-?FU+?Q9YKY49S
M%Q\AW^EV^F9KL/





M39%:K[@#

5.DQ/@ &$V




M83?:TOHXGX6PL]B9W

M1I0!SN=[?ZONWK^'P!R-L1/YH7$)^_&Y223N!7\R#UWAFUGKTHGC3_ G -=

?9?L5)M'*MIO%G

\




MZR#Z9O T4@BL#O3\TCJ2#^R'=23OM^[?D;S[?+VYO^=7UVW![V@VG&6*7&U[

X*'9D!VS9Q]?9[(''[I_

M4=](?2/UC;STRM81):G/O23A9/[1Y=CHEY-@4\PR= Q0K!)
D9;YO'$ZF1D.
M9CKC;Z^\()Q[67ELHYS\&V:IM*7L=




A#I3HH5+&&Q4IXW @6BX#3%X+5.?JVJ/*!W_S:#?[+=
XXW5



 -$NXF\1A0W@

Q'D4=6[ \0K9I-\
M+XX]8-Q)29.2GV^]YB


M 72-V



G42\320.(P:5+575B=
M*


MF[V7ED79&SPLBQ*S



VT^2QZYI- ]
M+#WJ(JE#O0$6::KUDE=#B\;4^6T*M$A%B.X

MXJ6YA?N]!Q;7#P_0+;S^U?T#\$B_[ KW#VDQ=!-.Z:O(^$GN@[E3B1'MW7(X



@?#MFEW']E:/QC71'LX-+OM





?/Z5QX]IQ%N]P-*(?XAB1/Z9CK:W_)^[F/\9!!)2P1Y
9
M/CI+:N/_67Q+3OUP\O476-CXARN\=V?A)
7O+F!!Q_]((P@NX+.8)IG![S^)
MZ3]?B]#_\O&\8_6'#?@/Z
^MQO^V6E;GR^7GLR^=OO4%)8G5[EA?6J\-S_WG








MLZI17@TG]M P+H$#;0 6\Q!@HK:]6B^T*L7NH
 2N4ZG/$.)L?.S\^T3@/V3




S/^^!




MWN9 '?]\

6EAA=CHLK? X7H)X-VBW3R-$R


X0H^T


OCH@;JY-FL

M_.XSM,57HL K1EJ.DF)C WO-)8\K1$\J@BW\]^&1
.4:-Y8BVPBA?0M.F8


0F&F *



U^5ZK9

*V.=6PD

M%EY$Z8P9$.DV#F*RT'

P?
M\\1
SN56Z9D[) $6$A)W30+
4P!AD8\*G(8K


J2N:09:0DF+2T[$C=_12U*J

M7Z




M._R[A%C?MI[CX77K2):XTVG17#J-3;





M=TRI:85


[0N^NU&

P:S(P?&P@Y:!=IL7
J_=C#J_FO;8E
M=U+<RUP(!18\ X!BL6-%R4I:1_P/\1(02/!*XOD/J]3CXI?F\:?)$\24%F

G


QB&'ZN_PM1[\ #Y]ZV'9W/)'


M$W D





07G#]UUA^S&P:4TPG&/4P+;#RV]P)84$ZX79K\E[1Y]*KY(R#IU
MO7@1QMB2 M07TLM07I'FM NSM2KTSN-S[(G15-+UK#C8SLI-H0^-E-]Q



).-


T A]/0:' IH4F*CZW8!Q1'D!1091*





LF0SH[4R;^!.2Y97PH9ZM&M7 %Z2


# :78S/^MWQH/74Z0*]8F97UD'18-IW,8[E,Y%RC%9U7E9P9'8N'9@9+(VW
MF&CTH^+RR&=952RFT1CEADXOK7%C;_PQHW]#8T0US5/;'?JYHG/W!%.XT
&
M

MJ0




3SOM1OM4;_;'E^T[
'P]!DSAB_U_J$9


0]GKDKQ[
XY_%MBYU7]RHMG1_]#IFIWA(Z=V'<QA[38<]N@&





E[5+#?;R ;0M;53D$3C/!GVS8Q]=YN&.
MAQT.3-LZNGCJKH=MF7W[D=/):N?9RW$
U#=2WTA](W6&5;EIN^^'D\SIE+N;




T9OD_)NT_O__\[.@;1 57\Z+33AQ^ZVWJ!




^$E-?3!+5Q_FVG*J/3GKXXH3:/GNAV[PWP6WJ]7V/%MWKNGQ?




MP*WZ.9B
N823X23&% *Y)T*1\'

M._'

:

J0



:RE';K36D7A@!/2 E:0_Y


MPNO(F5
27I1!'\Z%









M.(KNCP&#H[



LL+/

MBY

M8


 U_;K


MFA.2)4!Q)

Z3I90&D:&_&86


/$6/K=E



.1Z\Q)]
3IHL([
M.^C^\+/Q[_-/G]^/1[\U1K^]__7#.T-YWY4W\)PO %; 3['7ZN=;#UUVQF?A
_NE<1H)\H6-






Y_U).Q+Q3%6'U$6Y@CK2



M*-T\.(6K=9\#6;CAF
1?)TX$)@
-YL3H38+%R RODF:S=VW@?=OA5OO\N
MX%-;B^.O#RH_416.TDIF3JPWZ.@ 9L(@?;Q;V)\C@&ZQAPN+V$!!88XZT_X






M@4X
2&#Y
M7F)\\N*OAT+%%YF*KZD33$L95@+52N%0\#;2$/K)RB$G?$@PP+]FQYU?UH*


()L@KP9:-



MG





M(9F( 8;[(/0&3DP]FJ/9AEK0&2@@(&WAK'L#Z)EFE!86* K"=0D%(\I9%

MQ/)0^)I^!
VXCIQ; U$G\BC7F]0I+PO^T&&GF$4]HU-=AR%&#S^5'B+WGZZ\
M:R^8A0M

MX7):/8%6
A)2!.$&D7[=YS
9%HJRJ*H@4]3P7T1:.6AH\\J+ T_?Y4B)E9D

M8*P^E$ F]\K^I&;.Q@K/ZLA7+H$A9(:#
9I2Y!L/2.ZAW)'F+U7RC_+4X EI






MZB;I0L8@\ZZ




MF%=3

M![!APFK
$
NWG%LMI&
K@QX] W_B!P@/$J&PEU#1J%O V5]@0KDZV4H:'+


MD^(BAOPLG(=8W1FL19F6UE6$1IZP9 TKBC?5B\-\!V9E1+/,3U/W:C$45G7
M@EN)6!YP$$1Y-YDBL=ZY#XNA2
VAL]\GTYZ,YQ4SCFLG&+SEJ:5YWYB3K



M):_KME#)$^X/RJMYG =5-IKH;+Z31DJ=^=XWEF8L&GJR#9E980P\[L9J=R


M






MNI;

M@8

\V[<O6#



!/*:JUCJ?@0YKE*2Y+VYK*
M


MHL\7#P$9-$G]0G9PI1B@BRC$DVY_X::KC(25&[1M]_&LAL83WJA*47LHB*





MF1!6FBXB @-I:B65*Y4)BI/*' SM*
IBU;)RV1VITB;P#BCD[JDDX:SX7%G'
MS$'QBK6%43*^$&?W)]F?[E.N[!T*.7X02=8^+T-S50!#93&FX6/%!&5(%.+X
M\*MYJ(QR.:8D5UW



MB_4V
3-I)P[QJ26549&V^CYK:*E.S
%
@JM44I5AH]ILS$52CHQ.
8%#^K/H


M)X1S)O6K*]30DKYQ_+*'DCNBRBZDV'DO7



M8T]
IKYJO48E]Z./OKT)L83J-:Z0##EAKP

M956Q^4$Q00U+B69AJNT
XUJZ3423$
V*$ZX;0/A



86;V6\^F75U FQ!N5Z=W(I/



EH[

MTDC^[.25U+'8YS3'YAO
.775T0FDHL_U-
1W!

M1K=5;&8G$7:=OUX+&=D_:RYJ=4T




M5
GK7*+R
#]7GYJR2NF:_UM+A26M7?*.S









ME] K!Z^H[;@WORF

BV.UGF


M'S1 -0U6NEN5IG?./#$%@2LFJ114W#HSTO)YM/)$6.H*#\^ZA
XP9(( *F5T


MN*5HJ7 ;CO2K2_\[K568@@9&N.=C\VEMG9-7]W^Q)-T[7DS^&&VXHXOO)C4-





[I*XF







MDUY&_9


THE
4P4ZRF



M(KN1NF!EWQDNOBPT


X



M(ZW'^ET)J$R6TIC&#

M



 6 P!
)Z=TM9^]A
M9!58HN#J/V6GYO#+ZM/#*O0S&J5U2;69EWSW.FBYAN%SCFC#MZ@AT80C



MRZR[Q^
4+
, X\()M@^(%J$U$45#'*Q5!,85<KR\_<WP.A&7*@8 T4Y$ EV]^!.
MR*PB!KD$
*5.EC'2-8
 ??/@ I1+I.L8K\!*;,@JC3'T=QR0,B, 
@5K2

M]L6S?R!+BZJ(Z'&\[D\YGH
*P14KVO!!V;1%5NS@B3#ZR7I2H1.;3F^8I 9V

ML6C\6);WH;G


M*^7?4Q?


9KFJ-\?;J(2Y$-JA.W&;QY._/GH33YZ







M  W (XQMV-CF[


1[2LUAD
6P)KF*+A



M:U8Z1V




]WV
Y:/H-'8Q/43@G4?(D
(<-
M3I%F4J3)X]#F$;9U'Q/!HZ/0QKX;Q][T2?P+IG$[IE3@+7QP
#5J(=XO$H

3*)_ UL-K4B\?@JST1%V# TGT1_]M@#V*S
\Q&*Z[,&@O[W]S2^Z\(, ) _2.+IC0?U)DX4_2 !^[[R_

L;F/ &)H=&^5I

MXJKS


M#Q
2))[K8R


M#&X=FC34 \S1'-\3;
:!L+F3_Z1Q4LD#(I$78@8(_/UX[XWO 5./\

MQX[;

H2MB9DGB42A8Q[


M];7O0(J '#XB-[P%O9T'1(R#Z-$&-^[P5TF0^YWRK\9FMS(BW%?E%\SJE+I
M*)!(=QR?AF^O$X0.XSQA0-4-&3LX?:I
EK+M(M*MJH*9RXF(;+@$=)[D@62

2)6X]&Y%AZ!?A/GP$7H[JU!F[01
M0Q G'B@8DG%_A/2@@:H45% !54:G.N]


M6MC%Y$E0=RBF3$N'N0I=B3149





&@_3JD&-1!ZHP@SON 0BRD-@/D6@$
 &HRMU9R#\H'XR8^0+;/WOWC=
M27=


+4QEEVO


MXZ.*/DJF




M #
OF@A];U+BN_8J!*[ZW-_QYS?$3_ZBV^ME*

M

MQWCT !@+B8K*;& !2X$BEUP+J%3K^I(-T'1QXU-D8L?O^]+PJ3GV]_=A'*


9N
MU-3WT
PLT
-^3*
ZCP&XG&.







$TQGZ^)


+F

]OYR67D]CSZKS/[-R:K3E
M/\'I-7[:?Q:[/-0
6;:&DNYHFJ1WAR/)UF1#ZHY
VS2&\E#1Y$W*LN0#5&7A
M/VBU9-ZTH((7BF^O4&7%[X]9DO6A+('(RYGCK' D84458EXX@:TJXB3R;M.$

M/RY #H




+L-*KOPRU3UMJRP-M3]NS2NP
JA*PU3XELJKBPIPKK[%0V




5:
M0UCA-=6&E8VA[ERP

M
Q4DP*7+D
V1*@BK\7HNIM]


?/' B/&)K*;'2L)@V6?-F
MMVD4MSCA5UE]/]A@^=A#PJ]FKD[X/9R@7.2Q


VJ?1.546I? 5Y8N[
M)

Q3!Z:IT0***B7-QP!%74G 

EH+1.)'11=BY.

V.SH^1(FV/)S.:[4NN-(L413:UUS


=R-
K[?/IZW
MK8L)-UD'FA;,@TV7$MS@]&@6/<[3[MH]_-3F_BA7E@YV^M9Y?:T[E, .VSZN
MQL\EK@<Y/1I'CW/P@#8\A7P;6/.HW++ZX,2U0/Y0T!TC=$65EZY3ABS]Q



M4JI\*=%9NWT]J+:$5!$UJP'=0;D=U8Z=\5.[:3OC%&G:SC:SHS;*PMQS N6Z
M/

ML8 C[S#OT8O1!












M


MT@?=GF0/!@-I-!R:/5FU[;YFL$B?#$?''M#^6N@/B.S/7OQM%!%RC68&B9
#
M(5M?0K:CV\.1['0E6S-E29=U17)ZJB/)H[ZM#P:J8@T'@&R%(EM5]L'EKX5_

M_*$J@P5
'Q?T/;%Z76T!

:]FU9LYR^

M0Z-OAY[]*IQ_$IQ$UE2:]'7'
2QY)#D6TL09:)(M]P;2P.DK9K^K*Y9M
KVO


MK
WN[.W]W=D7L3G\AX?_H(D.$D654



1Q6^R4H_J@\(=5?19



XI^M28-BT&&SR!8R#.]*T[^4\:)_2D
M[\#S_2QME!EZSV(%X2F144(

@LS?PYP@+E3PP
M*W
\


M1LB[5$[G/.3'@]!]SMS77_4S?85;%Y9VM8-/X_ 3U7157'BXV%R-AM)3-1



M;T81%9G?TC3#:VCNSC;3#*_HE/)26OEB$GI19__Q%E!$S^*1%X]=_]_$C?YP







HXRCC*
MS@%E%QBR^9OOQK& F /[J'66D&**QO9EK6VUA-H']45H#XXRCC*.



M[NV#^B+\!8XRCC*.


7G




':(F1,1W<<)7
M$L+C$S(/8R\1@.F\!V M6"-QO<N-A:E#T5D3.;<CW8?#I%'HW@0UC!=V_#







^@


^U+RPSS#9%_R!1  (+$D-)M\%!D0$78TK5 !F
M!$!RBK%7,^0\^W(\6L!T HNTU2]T(TF5-D#3XV3
*(#I='/9


HV_

MBUH6\' :99VP[TA (FHT
<V-OO/W6T\!C3WEQJ*N*]?7/F\%7.&R^,@EZRPP]F9@0-!A@PN
M]LS1P%0&IN180T?2%7DH.?VN(FF#H=6S;!M=:N8RFQU'*^FS$H8%
*=30FV4
M:QI1^N)^1Q?I
[!$

&(T1P
;-6LX&)_@&Z.




4;MP:B;IA']-5CGXS1&@^J6@ %/


3]&]

1BSI7

:YXYQS








MN!
D74\4-*FA.;T9.['FBTCC?')U=M=56814W*ZT+

M=E]V0Z(';XQ)4S2##*7Z4W8GURTOPHO\
R8-;H47T2J@@
'.0N \W
(
'#5O
M[E=25BN#$-WZ115[NTH=+@I18+5[@/KN=3IP2Q

*  UBPS9
M)3!LIR#E]#




CZ[14

M;&B?(+

!/!
F3A'C
-:983WO(@FRW0


M-OT# 

MOM(QE[Y9

*P(04:EC$A94
R8\G]4
MF;'B$OM3B8WA6*%YN+
R@1/OH!D'LA@I


*=4'X9

M3K%\.\O](T&$T&4&W]J5[J(0;($\O E&3AK1RZ-Y;KT6NS=@&;;]K(BC0A*@
MNUAD/6=9O6L8!MFDMJZ5G[H^_J7(I=I@E^UDYA).X7TMN+-XWH%Q626?J
M-R&M5;D!Y9=%V;IC9L,A)Z5@YE![8#'HF_-)V;PM*\H*#M6W^+2' ;*DC2M

+%*XYUP3UP?Y&?
SCHJ0
 

&
M*CS2!U6:SM DC% -7P-BOA=






M6!_FMTL8!H$#*8


%K0*'8Z L#&I0'
*7SA
M6F0M)A5]%2JO:(PO3&/PC..?CH3!\Q\-/*I5?]$04%[5EP@DH'T0*IEC%&\M


07H)A






\;K+B!
M5[;6HSGO0+G;*'1QA$UPQWKK!9


MPG_3$(ML9F[TC2!:YEBI=
S.60O2QNK@\\JTDKFR4J2
66@Q4S'1P.P8V-0'
M




=)TDF4B$B

)2.950


M








X%


E^O]9?+QXN!/8#YTW;=@S<=F891X
M?[$/R'?LOX

M'S6]8R]]2[N3E:-+8MH_(F_1@]O#\3+8%.U$[7I6U0S@/SS\QS7@UHM8K[BI


6
X906_G:SOT[.



M:DJ&




M:*]_M7[&KVY]CY\S[-U(C#W'*]N*ICZ?L'D#B3LY:9V0+;.D]2,SGF[DAQ
M?O&PD33;
II-BQ5 A-O9L2G(2(8QAI4^3V7KGU-W:C@;HJ9MS'0E0?7NY
M/V:=9


M






1S0C.YN;4\W2SO8Z!7SEV_W7WZ^_#*6;3]T^


M0^[.V=[/-'YM8-[S

H3.4Z
G @AN7DI3UKWPN*/VD'#C7

BB(IJ
MB8JIONKQ!N4(;!FY-+6.X[0-UI/]KM%[/H=T-&TS/?2WR(739=(Z+6/+LJ@[
M!VY6W#RP%<?J&*?NC-= R6WCGL_3#MI0_XS:$J\-FJ@*UT6-6-K*^?(U[*[

)%[=0

V]A(]SL'M

MSK/:.44X13A%.$6:N+/CV.A-UMO:+5G86M:\7%F5KMCBH9Z*9F)MMG9/C^A
MK2:[WE$NQ617+%%5#IPQTWVRSG\.$4X13A%.$6:M;/CF.SK#?159V?##/9_






N!<
5E^60P^7\I #M] J'MCJDPQRC5?ABGT0%N*A5-

;Q;RKMR@V?G\6@/W6$ DLT1;+$




M]E


MEAZY\P(Z'J?X33A=^
TG$GGA9=,M!!W'TA2;N)3!,=:#*?* FJN/I-Q^$B

GD4EL1P&$QJ E@R












M)F#

HSKE'@P]VQ'(S[(RBP=:9FV&&
M:.XE0;VY$%[IHK.]NFZ'+CO8F;O#P(1_;CK48&$Z KG#*0N?R3R





G^0%8P0#Y- E:I\0*N_R5R'X@/'%1E





M'8.DQF2

M1R!^=W0'O:?R)]6A1_F\(X)*[4
ZNR51-A\IWOY 3@.//173A=X*$S+V9JX?

-








M8#5X^$=37?4-W39^9RY]AYN?@I


5\]O'D:(9$3QF:?54;2B-'

#%JQ8Y
M&AZ&LM9U^I8F]7HV**E^5Y.Z:J\GV4.]/[)0@PVUKP[B09?A_ZRWOSFZ;EOF




*?/O?5\L(TZ%=9@+NAC

J*[,^8
M?)P.,^+MH+$7-):E.*ICV*8$FDL&C=7M24YW9$J*9@T&HX&LZ[+9'(T%2$^
M+=#0%$4$]AB&A&BX*!/6F@&W



)@W
1LD9@0VEC_J*





ME/;L[+B'67/@;N[..$6:MK/C&$&M



M!Z;L.1RLNTE][[12OV&H:KEZ4!

M-VZH(OX

IP7XIO]H\6V ;<K79/@=CP^!^7O
J
MN*SH50AH33I&^IF3P:/\?

G-]J
M@'_.P_QMV-CFW


M))SK\JQE]N:'K)\V-C=G/;1IR_
'$L59)QC%D$5DH2Q// F78EUO?JBMB4
3



M207[(RO/^-E?QH_ $WVX3&Z8Z%


M)?+=*FD^Y]2=]HV@/-GO&KWG2[AKX[DBG!Z70(]F:(NS-]+/-7?'L43GT!/=


M ;0&7(ZS&[TE3


M_



M:A5P7PT'@W]O/=#^#)Y^DSNO#B)0H^N#.R/90+D(P
1QGV8?^FXPPDW1K)

'']ZO?]
$X^A




MVR#)%;TIP]Z4@!HY!H%[L02+.YOY'FOF7NJ
7H+LP0.Y#-K$2]K^';4+8&AL
M\OZ_]#TO@%






NI4U

7A*A0+X3RZN+O*3P%

M/D4V9B'


UA68TT-R
;A!D\XCZ9GG
M^2


MB^=3X$]T#?12()C




H+=Z
MKEMSM^::I







MN
$?J!*;4Q)Y([?WZP6K[.[%50(WQ$J!&QZM&\FB-EC
!HRT4I:(79G3-;(B
M7%.\=

#16S(GGPA
M*G^I4E!Z:Q79I8*SM'(WJTQ;6WU94S8URU9X3K$EDY.'HL(-5$OCAKIN:H[F
M&*9EO%I?=NI&]U[ P=G]B18 2S^S+?*)
BA6M.=B[W_DDU!\GKA3SW_YM
4N

A?V!-=6 #6 1AU=VS(JM8JND&



Y
;
?]TSGSWNWQ4OE]69M1<L'5^W@ Z@*G0\
MOA=N

78[K?
MW$]BUEQV[$T +K:FK/\;3GD7AJP9
[[/^JJE'LD-B]F $)8@&44O@!G:Y+#/
M$G^Q

1\H^^*G76#P'9@XFM<&@_X;<[6
MFU^!(5L6R$B;'L

MF\.11Y^A%*)INJQ=-&V9*SM_H$2(X_XW0]$XAB]B3XW#[;EC9Y0WBMU@




M1D$NW0;SB)XGO[C_P8


VTC MJ\'A(T HM)'H;


%
LWV.VUOU8L8)/LJHYL6B$
M_'/NXOS^2UZBZ#( A71*%:I&3!#;&5@JITFZRLD.;W&F.N Y298&EJ4)DBR\

$B 








M7^FA.#(K%7N0^*T1YD/0
?Z9Z7 .IO$L&1


MO!V\';SO-YS5Q5V]+9\OS5/L'LA_1&;H9Q7@]X)31V$_?[(V%^W]N&=:@_
M?DW.2DL]J$XGP?RB1Q+
#R[36?&-/;/V1

F




MZ&C1KK5UM&C/VCI:M&=M=5@N78#H-N?I55[DA=5+WHM=CF\
2W)?.F]S7^'[




ZM
MLW3RA?-U$CM/*'O0T_LJ-%1HZ-&1XVW7UQ'C38MKJ-&FQ;74:--B^NHT:;%

O07?%
M/T^1(9RCR! N^$8XSO/Y_O0SMJ=-3HJ-%1X^T7UU&C38OKJ-&FQ774:-/B
M.FJT:7&[63(_)[
.MS-
3#E ^!?S^@;&'H6^#U0
M3?3:@/--*%Y%ZM8Z8V([\

?5\WPN#WIB
M *28]+P 8 Q'?W!W\&D

M /MA[#WBQ[_^


;?
<*X!7@@O1_J!22!
M]Y?ODOH]0.-\FO$RH/&11''ZJNO[/8KG@EL'C)^  +T;9%(8$#APZ2%S\1$W
M&/?F<3I%BBN4K1FZEHZBW^8/(7<B(Z
[(5OX+=P B8/X1@!AK'FL-X8P9L!
MKWDC;\8J25/8XD\K8K


M'VTR(M
[$A7?2$*_^(#'QX)(HA_NJO+0;H;NR2]N)7RF68 N@_]+NK]DZ


MZ/AYOIOLE+UBV\P8S-49VV@OB^$M-62RGNLR =5ZFM'6F]1V/MW=EY32O8






(W=$$
ML&?KJ


NUO'P1U\^RE9TIA






V]Q6^+_%UU/%K+82RT-=T_9PA














.?R?HSR)C\Y%$[CWY<9/;
#RT/6B?[G^G  I F3N




72^ [RT@3.2.DKGK

/A-$N$@\!20
S8\#X3^-?RO^5?
M1

K




-%CJ* Z[%U^

M9_2 Y@C;; SP!JC$WK!(PQ'30P6CI0_.HM6
7THA+J!+$YW W!JJ 3X[O9
MW$\/7D(XM#_)I]+ML\[]@ZX7'TV'FW@^C//D@56' -\X%E)A2.ZB13*HC S]
M
AW@=;#$PGDP8E;89N/










WH=
=I'W1R'0BS748^C.SCVV#:SR /;^0PVC79R)\JA
M$ M'67*NJ.EO$=LLF:/Q1)?.8B.KEM\5'9^S#Y_HB6Q
%I5
LCK&*B\.;0
MC-R&EMH=0GML




S_D5#9#!\#^
&4/#;9$(P
M$ 4&
&.P]:T'#.N[#$P6A5!K


8!44KB!:AF<+3BS9N&

#H)RZ91Q?1*G
M(N6G







C\4R156W)O[ KBFE.F[Y;\*.U<8-1&UKCU=5#8R
8

M8[DV/;$\6!M1(QK(?THUY:\
S))W\Z1D%YI]BK2HX%446PM^4//1]7S&$Z5;
MGH?0'Y

13UT-
1D#ELLO2\)









M]Z.O!N6U_JX8KRP$L?I=79-(VFPOY;(-


MIL9X@-R-AQ(ZRK'M-8(M^'

4E

S2B5A*1]M%ZB6\ $6RM6$

MX$Q[.. 
V]$MVU$'LI!6/RK; %M6_YH!8

MVIS






L-5?A[!G(X9%5I8
2TQF5\T;L




C






MH





ZN&B?

M*/V5WV$4-R*]&)O)P



G 7'C 41J^E2%G#7


M8L_@

!J1# [*GF@XF=*


M$@#&*:B)HP4A[/GD90:(]K?

M98HT*CQ2;

M++R(O7! 9H71&

)QF%*?B #
MO([X^@Z;_ (4ZI:X:(S 4E7/WMXB?&Q'JM(MI9[B8_H6%H9!3$NQV\
YD


MRE@158H5I6U8X2^
35@1-V)E]9=EK)BIY-G


M/8J5W6S+X[0:]&A/OQDJ0EGC/M3Z0!2C@*%Z'PILTQ^%#Z&?RI+;\ [[_B%4

L!42S?KQ]G90?+1_







9*5YV^ISB]C@].^5PH'FY84WT




=BH7;*C




MJB;F+O5SVQERVR4$O$UP,EPSOJ*V*D=64,Y[-8E!!P!X.E YP
CYU&0L ^
MQ_FIEXT\VX2 Y5?W[AO?&E@W)P34!FL]6^*D-L [2@AH\98X/*A@4T) R_;&
MB1\7[R8AH*5[Y?!RP2O7LK4E!+1LIYW4OCKCA(6[J1Z@-Z4$-RO7#BI\XY




#
XQ'8N3#=[F#-64N*%AB[9B.0-Y\'KIY.;B)NUROP8O

M9Y
HM(O*FGF. :'%MA:
'4Z2)^R$MM!4I7'@1:S(_Z88N)I





VC]+'O_D3[V]*G&#!@


M89JGP\&JL*-4-
[;3L$0YHW5NPUGWHAR&W)
QG! ^(1P:
R03R7?FLHKG
*S
MQ!=\O
2K:0]HML:O 
D]:'6(@7((6

!=RASE#J2L;1FP
M&VZK#TO4@)F7F+_)%Q^=\V&2'=JMH1%=(=UV&T]P1K[/U9DM:VA]SP?49'
M4;]0UKRUV%3REBHBWO0.Q 13A]*&IAG65EISO[YO*1O070&(0HUZS-$&8SDA

528UMX+M-4TX9N; &9'
0?RMUK
RH FEE7VG5L

TF\.N#^TA*/7S]%]9Z&%B2NKLHN^9@%K.P7M +3;P?8.C'K*]T

Q0QS4

M

6TI
7

DK

M\8LB6_R:]:R[+BO7.0*4F
&X5*EG&$;#K-\J7_QKV'R-=TU9I(/T-MFJ7(
MHCZ0#

6D
M-P$LL82G5*!0JS2@



Q62&S*:1W6U98GIEYI+6))FBBINL;I
M
K86$2R1&TB2S6F\KDF\;!G.T



@RW$7 )F$23U!SP2H#LUIGG*YGE_6HL&M9]DQQT\]\@-G3@ XFI




+]:%X;Q2+Y6_ET#_M: =S(L^HW^UY#I9U6%
MS[)BR+KX+
BZI*EJ
RPL(OZE#Y\5#3A8.P(+']1L



YMF2I

;TD 6
#FDX45
M& 8@X4 C.AY)]D8[GK'H0*IB[:KZG4@U4I/3D;UER07O\*?6!S-WJ!-Z+0

M!JL!

BOD'314G%B:!)

#9$&5#6?9 K7<U?YN1Z-NJ'%G57F+
MM]6A,. L0<5;NL&0@Q-2Y31=LD# J[IFX1T=+WXS0(J(ZH4F[D8^M!7@RY9

)

O6^CH17YTX]!;U(KL3. :*3G@CR;JL

M+H87;L64 _J@7J?WHENAV\1!S:Y2PJ%!H,*XIM91-SQ5? O-_+P]A3Y_;#
M4C8TU#!47M.WR(#50]-21-/@39ES#
/D %:-
S3)YAS3'.JB*!I#
U7R).:Q

M: D1E5:8R+\5T\(B%YN89Q4QC0L279- D/!

FN%T


M !B.W+K/SK






V; X=2:TD#2=5LR
M\XT !UHM=]TG%L!11OK.ZT20HOKTJ


MAQ]RJCW0+)
?#VI4!3 DB9$=M@7\02N@X8UO/DV8P_DIB$CWG^/_S-E5

-J@_)@(Z]%$-!%_B!9($).10'B J'





M@JKO


9C#
M_)Y:F60ZZE TX)B%\P5
1Y
;#!40




/US=U?/LH1]@JF=-ZT1=LT.%%0!YRLBB)GR#+&


6!.4




@#VA6L5





M


MG


M^/W-D+GJ_*F.2MI;@U=?164%R-]$O]B$K+T1 OI%M@]1QY@5.Q&/8CS$J4SR



E]8-[KO%ZJ-=I;_6A;F#:D-5







$BRQ&D[HW[


E]WRD

M4K.=QAF=&-@'D%O/8H).2E)*@JJO\3Q7 =A(JP)^(:#G1YD(+.1C6;W 





MF9PL0W=$.7E

MRDE)DZ5CR
GFH1&PX;6Z)/6;%I



M.;EC;Z)Z]









/$[:N\
MPUBL&=YY)=FM5?HM*J@W
':JAG3U(4R?.$1/E#










7=PNW9LQ_ =P]?





M_2F8;]#C4W7D?!H1'-*9D.\]+VX918$S77*F%QQ1#T&$+.X7XQNF'(Y@I=/!
MU^!^6.2SE-[4R
S/A$5U)
_K^NR!1-HGKKM_+R4+'B*/P%.&D.3IZ=RQ



PMPMPAQ/FCA%



\R51A7N,5<$4+@N2.'K@@1F'%P7UZMCJ:9+:G0#-9=6Q!,UDQ/$$S67X@
M03.YGYK)4O!1-9U4-363A:=2'ZBC+(@F0QC08M4Z@-U% 00-).51A@TD]4#
M$S23U446-).5A18TDQ4&&32303-91M=U03L3Z-_*C2 (R!U10$Y
!H#VF!3A


3XAM51I5B&U5!%(E


&6AA:@PA4&&J#(I


F+8F(BVS8$C0%LA$FU
M!PAG48+)8C.A$D#19;9YSZ02'5_0*+ /.

MVQ4U&&%]3#@J



M2;//3(F

#4?0O=4^0B.^








-W[3=+DG() KH/DQ\5TBFD)6+H/
MYZ.+SRI3!?FZJ$%U0E+EDM#4[&OE2-$7$DB#(C^BKZ\\*

%W'D981RSO\



/?) +
M%= X@UY[B!]]X(

MR





M0;HU]M^=#:\


OCVY=5?XQD39M:B1.-V
FVD

OO]9^1?F,-P*=XZ/D1DL*GHVPS([2KD8ATS/FB?[A:.;&6N]@#99

PI8=D-7@P
MNC][@97^KC<')#P V#+%R30(\T$%'&M?\N<KX\W.Y$V3/S3M% OI&B]3
GJ


#$V
3(S


M/XT+KR A@I3&=)8O

M
DD;^$62\L%Y=WAT?/BN4'(7)M3[X+PM?#IC&
50V_& B _.T9O9#Y
W1Y.C


MRTXY^.


=30J




M)S$N54AH7N4O'
M/B-(P%E.6^

UT^!]?[JY
M=

MS)DX*7CQ3T#E2%Q. =E/TRJ&*O($%HD;^A?QMXM\-_$%X#7\5LJA@EPS6!:
MIG$'R)RR9CCU-17(SN1T#P0+E;I97!(*DSU!_FT86K.?!1%2K.XQ.X X%\M


FD
Q:SX-^U%_Q]
M'+J_J6;_[



M7@NF5 Y\3B+7#Z.$X0?\')_Z


M[XNI6YIK[21LB=(L\Q^K

;9:]YO3[C./4
%S#9DX@&R7:U3BL'L3SRM;F
MH!F)6;Z:'P\V[DF0B+4EW:^7(GJ^N0ZCZ-LQL*?7\9V[PE[BPXK.S;#T5/9_
M1:#M!D9IZKKIN@[TP6]6%\TOF#4@IOZ\B?2H;YSM.ZI(
H_POQ/X\^+1WFAL


MA:+$([ .C+%:^XS22#_L
%HC0VE6 LWAUSYJP_DF_6M4CGTJQP
_NMFE:BB$
M9L70O((VBB%;&-5B]W$]%LK0 HU9!32O82'&9Y3QUPWVL9![1]1&73C6G(2M



VM:



J#=?(X[0D6L$)JU07.(&F,J
M1DUHE0HRWTD4\HG (!;91&X6Q5PB)YXGJR)4.6+[(W&+'K-C=DN^PE?=;+6


MTYH2#8TS^ZYF@-P%4=Q0P;+Z2/AA[&7(LCBOFM%O!VT6ON9.*[I'RMNTK $'


D\







9[^F8M;*TOU



M;3F$.EEK^6'CJ!Y6ZO$K)LM5#/;'(_3D$L
&(0G4? *D/(1IL&1FG90GG:J6

M


MHJHH$/9.3H.:A205HVYU






M3;DT)F]F@*1!M%^$7*)T%H 3C'8QFN28[+OCN\F$TYEBD-Z80F 6;\G*%-


M X$VPN[A

Q(BXEH3D

M)7=



M?\+!'+

R. .


MR1JBF\LP8?_$++RA^.\\QDUCJ2W D+@\6Q&\N'C&;L+O+-XL%L3%K!QX7.73
M F10G+9Y
O2:4


)W_^29E!79

Q]%T6DA^\)#*#Z=%#Z)




:D/.C
M(S

MZ1:@M5XQA4(YF5



MK:0


M;%-=





E_)3KUY#]!O;5W\*$17<86.+!(<T'7]5[<7D_[0M_
MR53J$


T.[])XTCOL8O)8
MWI?M!%E1MPG +O$+SOO6'-UA
#^3/GV281AD1U0.N@M7*'66377[
K=+PS6E


$;I!N\N.&= 4M]D5/1


M+XI




MEN;9O8#6 R1O52PPX?W#ZQWT-E6K?4+F1N&^5;+\#.P0R)\B?C-K'WU:J61
MTNGQ2U_DZ\RIO,$6G2R7#_%E47N?HB(*]F?5Q/;[;VA(7E[^O(*.T[D_P*;

M):F[ZLZV[?TW+$'9O6]
86GES[QD5[ZYSM#R1?(]-_-?HK:5A
39 KR#?FQ&

U9N^C/
MOA0







MHJ4! !0   !S86TM
C Q-C$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;.T]:W/;.)+?MVK_@]9;=75;


%Z-[IT?#?VG0A&


MKYRL6U!K:]0/^70
):BY^+0T\L

(
RU0-_0B3$



M UH4@&6:-:9
CX[#$$7]YJ
;I$$H##:(1KNIS]8DF)&PA6R8_E5%EFAX=;0(

MD4CB[[#SB'W@:4^%=P0X=;3.T#;PM\#/.TP0&#04@92HE\H.8!3.8[&5EU4S

 !\Y)M!I:&LM77#[0Z'I3D0_WZ:QU\*(F<++X2<(P8/*O
MG(N?$4$+W-

XP0ZA)#8(6Q7

M+%!U=/^$V)D?K





)J8YF;TT
M!=R*KZD)SQ6M\NU0&1(*;9X8MAN/.]C@?;(D ?_\_
.'*3L:2W87+D0

[##
M/'8XQC[V



@C40.
+\2
MX 8F6)#UE!SS##W3G8$;QHP!).)(% 9GC#K:G@)Z0#8(8
(AF=P0_





'[XY%@E#F3.$
MT]X/E8$9M9]X





FWL4R6%?VT43


04B&RI28Z<&RWO71;
M6%6CCZNL2B72=K3KNVFFI5G1U334@F] EG-$URQEA._8W'*[0TZ(*K5EZFF0
MZVPN72U3U&D
'526TFI;MZ3ZMMJP[K*;-G30@7\UO;F:W=PL43(]]5 D2
L5
M[VN-7730

M'P_B?]7'#-(69R&[A
E&.\416F?]%S18'WC6&;! Y-2.6 DGRA_4^/[MVY/1





M
W 6-#EH1+J[!;7#/7KVQE#@ W[+6Q(ABD)QSM1P$+4FMZ6EMZ9;4MOVVNM
M!_.$;0E.*4+ V2![2*0I\4VBJPZ:\CK83, $R%?;:,&RQ*D*T48]MK2?$Y
M?-VF%FO1@S2:L&V5B[J6VE*H:OPFYC. -U%Z%


'08'

HBIDP794;5QHNL6U=))3]+@%I%8N#WE?]:2 


&7YAQ#?N(E8= M0[F89K60/RU
B-(DF4U(11!*I#A
MJJG5=*K2+A.$L?+LO!
?VHQ.*\_
A9&22GI(@UEE9::C%-6M07XK+Y#(D=[Y






0K
1+VPVVB.XFBZL@?HP6L9\Y?35:3K*CGESM32KS@- QY:H[
M#* E=[HVO/*FZYOK/6
Z)AX]-[A:2^SR
K3UH&8)FU36UE;8RF23MD!=,L
M2AM1XX56*FU*&)ZXB6&IX8

@
M)LWO\M:42=WOD:L7O]5WA4/7#\*8H@E=.B0-$X!4@#V%0^;9H!#D(OF:/X!Q
M2Q8!369TVW$ N\')A/,I7C 2X(7V&51V40?P-Q, Q^S5XG,Q/TZC/:O1H!
M


M\;4Z


M^:W




M@0 1C?XF?W42(&XO0)+]W_1LNYJ/O^LQ6EWB*B8 ?^3MD *WHK*W
-'73@



JD3PDY:

M5@9'^BC+6J=.$/-X95R0-4[[U;/0&*\ Q1_X6W[+F+ JO; 78$.#/Z4+N.4;


YDN1?W))L84*CY
8)NXF64):%4WMP



MU

_]6Z
M@#
]#1LK XE*&76$U6QE


FA












M**.\IJ3MR!HJ!Y?B4I

M-6X9&9 )'OS+_^[]==].8%P#1

[38F[LP_N/)2\'_^P;_;_ &_?2?%ZN[-Q^^??_FS3;+GG]^

E(-_?DW#SH2O



._


@A




7?;Q*CNY'BM_D%_2.!X4B0:6LJN&/H8C][87#]

O+
MPX6ZA_Q'0' KB=_1UHLW('U












!$$Y
M82A15^IOB


M
S;2B*02X;IW.\4(
P+=5)^SX-9&$4+!71@$@&*B'(J&@@4F9/8.^E$4\%1
M\^RGFE$UV7KK=M3(A1NADN$6%I[^G!.[[Z8I8BAC83%;%(IN#]R(%*MBY9!
M#+60AN

MI8\'*Y
MV9MI1E:-_


SE2%







MX5-!2Y0Y3OX\%30W803@)?HJ-PFDW\GNJ*E@N\^?HM_B1(OHT+6'C,57NP



M8(/_8=B!#R5.*38?#ON[]\9=95'

MAF3'YM.@^8/U:!Z)  UJ/UJ/&ED[:# T3R(8AN&)):-!49-8(!%%NH&XP?(G

M-_AJDG:(;G\.K#N.FAKC$R-2PT8TO:W2T..P0%7(?M&[&E S#&F%M?]\;6
M9A+MA\?&A]LFV#'T$
Q!HGC^]5TWGD5QC MG[T -UMBCY-Q*[*88BF#=5B1
M:U!6P ?AX;F


M)['/BP9YVEQBRX93MFFU2:3@4:_


RSJ+=(G0

T@

C+XQJU[;8H&8Z8^! C4LA:C VG4UP'2;1O-W@
M:#JWX,1Z7IJ

M.*U!WER=8 SRK-$VU/B0=


M%!N3\UQ.5C@-M2&!N9*S& EXHK8:K





S#$?1PZ7WJC=AZ


MD3!


'S*
ZR
/R9E7!D-;57;

M+OH=XMRT*U#^?T])-@D+&TL/:=\&[ZK:*'*LGLFZ2GQ^0+BG,JN#W_6$IZ


C0:0








6


4777!YU8%J!L9

\AF9#9Y8Z;J7\;453=$9]$F8EUZZO8F2K^EM'(00^)F6
M1



M0_RP$

!=U#XZ#+L?HHO/L0X1D4&C!1&M? HFA[R73+
MKPDS6FK!-+YY.LB(%.G&\1M_!68J!.?QV3A(_D'@HL\#6. 1.R5F_A6BC_



3NW
M\3J!NS)9@RW:\L[6%WLV50A0.Y*-SWEL0RZD#NK9W ]O2GKQVC)M2

M'FH;4CJGIANOQ&=#1JB.MXTF?=F0':J#7B/#8[3GCAI*UMXX/1LZ&XH[[(\Z
M'G+$E]C0_E V'3K!&S:T291- +ZH 1OZ*ZKZ1 X!939T8!Q&!#D!7C8T:I1]




$)9#NYIAN#RB/84
M0^
PPP@

R5%V]8


G5[5X%\NC9


MENV3FI^!^1:#.9H&ACX#E@?R3U523X?K8D:FY%:X_F"WL615EOF(\$F3
M[ _:GS,^$74TIK9(IKVFHE8EGZ[=3G^\!-=)GMB23K[!4X3,/2Z[:F-SY%_


?\!-O3WJ_5'':0I
MRA M(




M\B'SF]4/:0-DBY_K@J(AW6.@M9.2 2)D:#R/I) 1!.:W &C/%9F
)M*\.OKC
$HZ<04PZ

M5D

+ID!H8 V)JYU7\9B !!OM+K2R5,Y!(
MLF*&KRP


W*.G2._GJALF)\!W#
M_X]C1/5_PEROF&F$


7HIS



6=A_SMR#((U;'
NRW8T
M&9B@-Q#%7E.2R1EV(W%FF7U
3I@;B3;3V&!R5MQ(O)FF*Y/SX$;BS6G[UI_S


M9*'WP5L.T@IGGZ6?

8I_9B8@T4BO$*^_K)P\ITZ$7]5Z$
MSEB]_5$2^

M+MVWP0:+HB1\^(#?9#00R/A@;3(6&%;BE@W&0$'
VL*$#38_4?0ZA6+
MM.0I]TKK[PQ]#\&S%]8)L#BDOZQ!4-Z\

F8DF]AN@TE4O*DOK0

_5C)(*# 5#W

K2$RVOY4N8 K
E\-DVX5B4E2?N
FV#544X% A

M:JZB3C(

.0*:L
/T5-D[:\#C6T#O+%9N=VH\KAH8]QYD-
M2:D+'K2QTNJ#T%0\8N?M=A4O3B@T*'XDS%U*E@GQIC@K+N
Q!$631D3C
K^
M9N'0
\DH/&BN
;F9X?LD[;G
M:YWDE3JMME_V%+IK:C:K97F*^MVH2S$*$4+;.FK-[7%1;+2Q^32@W/BQ7N


]$O.
M
[


ZD/JWV


ML0H H95?(H_3HFU5;_/UJQ^FX-%[O??V_96


M^%#B4 MA_OV#)@OC4W8;ITCS*J([O#1

MKA^WRP1)K1[^?Z2@A(QJK[W3I)3M;N]QBS1=-)B+^AM,,GA&#2X)FEG] U
M7/C@K]=KX.

M^7P!$#

:LJ!XID': .(:@:E6*-


^N1%8P!L-2
M2[Y(($R^8BNE]XS^DNU%4*0M80J.UZ_/(2QS[AEB*\]

5_

#E\8B;/9H0NCOV*2


MK$!T



3\;
8E;7AI!'9%=3*74

W0+39^GK#B-

+'.4%-@




M#+B9G5&HPRV&7;A[J^;*/Y*)!](5\$'XPN@L21Y[GO6*O%T85^'/J0_#@HWW
MD8TR2R8!5R#+8=S:Z!X@F2-@$90VQ7[?H)Q#KPIT

^&LC-&


M]:6L\Y@J;C*G:.F$A]



4NR:EQ
M7L++Z.T

A!F&4I:G#4
'M.F/ES+1V]Z3KDHYA1,9@YB:
MVCMYE#[

_TMS+9H

N7L814D'A$PJ%IIE!8%;U



1A



M9) 1JY.G7RB=G

MD_+
- JC7CF/9^;L




MZ 5\0F.VM(A
@07
PN\!%U@
!IU9:ZI9.#UN0S@
I6:F2^.V.8W;Y5:;D5L]


MUKP9A%3985^3&%ER]DSWX J+2$/)I! =\#KDPOH]WYEER

M-# 13(M/W\#LL*E\^@9V7M3@V=85%==3V9Y3;3@M;

MK)2/

M L?!%]I#(@5;'8]2S/JA?&=?8)]8


YV




MF%[X16;M_LL3MXU26;1-)8EBW S=0)





W@6D4( S4T_\.7^(F 6;T*<#=<![O7N.DCT


RE)TQ





M:M]&L@3:*N)]L6^&W'O[HI@Y?GD(5T#FRCJ.1@#VE 8\*Y9&WOHRKDI@?!P
M'NI0+8=$)!V-XN3!YL#-\SG@__D5O01AOFU/)KP(G4+JVB$#9-)CDWKR:[


MR+-M AGF?_G[V$RM%R^

MNW+?+S!)I3

M'Y:

MYO!Q



MR&#8)T:%C(BPE7GB9:FH)#A8//H2!VQ5OKE%X= Z]7A 7==LXDE^F\6];2
MHHR
V'

KUIT9^<DZ42(2




M%_U'(%.V(8Y39






+

^QZ6*Y7B
I!YY^.9J4B-H@!GX/\^MHP3!'\^^\-?WS58
MWZ'%RQ^[OW5( 5XS$ =-J=L.
;Y^_?KM4Y)F2?P$ /S63W;O
N\UB9/=_EU!
M%)PZ$5I#L%#OMLAV:/BP96Y\PM:&=8XU6()CC5!YXL%?23OMX;C7VX22BD



'E[$09U8])C@


Y4.6HN826M9]QA76+OZJ)&5'5PT-)

4IH;HIRFUY


N

!G


M=6^FT1&P&JSA
^_P-.V1J&G/
U]+KR''(ASY
NL.56:=C7 $V*S;6IEV-D)1


MR=6Z;[B@?55D]F+?^H]J8!PL=DF.GM/3FQ*M])!LU] C-[% 
2[-!3C9UL









SBT5;K
)1R

M

O E?CN^#ZMT,)D:23W0W#KN92XQE/.'%P)N92XI'
MM.6$QBW


M:\Y&*UTQ.C\;K7+%6W]:R4Q(VC;NS+J

MM@0X?_.V0!T3LZ#-/4PVT-LMXJ!VD8@\N4I'$1SLX.?C81SM?_SM&IWL;H



5#0[7_]T\T#1^FEZAW
+)]QLP<^.X!V\C#+P+_-=CFM7O8#2&%W)
M9VF+F-PX\*PU 2(GFY)NSHB%E*'0I9KP%:)
U^W7ZN6JYOJIZ-W8^+E;6SQD





M/E17($.;HK\OL3D_BD[ *4ZF!JMH6KPXB*#Q.W,^(XN]H?SNT0 ;Q [1U+




%BC#N!_*SA@)


M\[H/64D'QA7)ZRY_9&2.



M)85MZJ]M8 RIQD6Q
MF5PX0#
AN:(Y3:XV


GJ^Y+0]SS5#I$X@L;6IV?JL%?I:.ATOEI&.I+\S34/3]=

MS8&

\Z(PHH+
MWR_[JAQ^;9PS-03]I?=9BYA10/+0+K;TSQ.KZHO.-@2SOBJ30E/-P
G5:W;U


P




%E1

/6

0T/73MFF I!7:4-93&+N+4^S
C3OD
MTLHZIBRR\JF]PBW5K\GL;51'!OS=@K($Z_(\W)AI#ED4B*J,V1.+DV.@


8)%Z9X8X<15&6)D_& EJ*KAHR/E%0Q9G';Z

M61DAB^GXX9S 5Q_A5B)






M]P[7X@

M*\[6=EWV@VNR;T!FB(

MKY^S7I+.-


M 1^0K.H#0DL8BB/39
\_?RZFU;%-*S&%DAB]9TS7#7FL_09A.92D7;6;!()P


MA62S&1J$9!*3='E
MIO(Q%T?DS/9 C
5A96P
OV&&KV$520%F^])&Z.X6^Q:

$FVH+-

@[K2K6H 5&4
M?


3E=B7.2A!PJ
M?#

:;;I@ ?

**X -4_
%@^(9.!B^W/V$
@F9Q
/=
&\_X$].A8%;2;Y\V@
M25MKUQYNRNVQ&*0]F.NR4(^W* 

6\L4K%G1
O3Q5D



%U
MB7!

SPOV@H
F9HPJ!16?@N(W.*'AS2;+DN(B)Y
:!.

M_3 %C]YKWP?2







^XAI
M'TSO






M+$
Y%RV?HG!3J <W$(O

MG#YU

M;A)X.

M

MA*BS$:)&/\/:Q28G#


P8@TQ:-?OJ 7+!U#';E;&D##]M.Y^.K!$NAEP1%2K#27=R!-\UWY

MQ8&)'OOPE9U:YM0RIY;-1BT;*JIHU\94Y)#*%G6UVZ^57I
Q4LF

M*:FJ+HID%:ATX^SH5./^-J@_!=G]C+['5?$J'NJW/5H$@V'QUZKD@MR\


M^OO(B\LH-M'V23R+Z
7S



*'




OL&.ZIC%=)#+!#

38Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6SDO6USXSBR)OI]

M7W\!\)TB0( $D?!LQ




WW_YP _D6^YI2VL:0O.DK;P7[)?
S_[ =$G?[N_X0):UV2E
M+_UL3


M.ID+_Y?LUW^[W&Q(G$E('+P+]_[&Q_'E8YQ$WB;)6V
8_^4'B1=^+O2GK]00
M1#@.3]$&*YDD_4:*6OQM_TA?.NS)*S2XX^#];U]_0/[V7W[PMW];SJ8S]V+Y






)X^OPUBJFT/P]U11-9?UC/5FNG3ME
&F+B
M(&D[&)8# TN&OH.QU2B\2Z4!


7KLX5A0SS)ILKVH^-O;+@8PK[4@]V@WF_/(
;
M P!)T^E+



UY'0


?
M
R%_^_@?)_]X$




M!!LN6F-UECWEKR(_H


X\]^@&\2?!#

H

-Q.WS \H!5Y[)BM*H8
M-'M?T@RZ[]<'M$FN!E +R27HU#K- D.I?S_%9W-CS^%T<<H


29AY?9(ZQ;YP=
E/5N6;L_LJ.XQ=K



(RV8%
C-N

-T/^
SS#RJ!B1G)+T. Y9J

=GZQ2\KV!4RSX


4B

MUHFS5O@F3H@X](AQ!)9NR_&L2+XE3 '=N5?UDLZ_6UXZK[/-9'?N
ZR[;^
MND8DBY+KH5S.67*H2OH?Q.&EMZ6[XC\KI7CD'Z



M73G]Q_9JKFM0!VZ'!+]@\3?^OL3K9'\%6].$5LU_OA]LS]M:37$\$73DYI


M'L)*:6\X)

MUPI71&T)N+!
O$Z,!B%$]FZP3J5H6]<O]4BC8M+8<

7E_844E/\SO4;$E3
M1?MKSP#.[94[MI\%LK1E2L^S);39:O#6Y+2#L+%^I0<3RH/M@Z%R*^X-+ D
MSG_R_(@=I/[@QYM]&)\B+$4-T7O&:2)01L6U5G7*4*F(B46E7$L(I UQ)4&S

3Y7)=\T35\YM:1=9KJ89ELL4LF(G8O)9).DC4A'
M5#PB\M&?V769AD^!EY'2]D-!@#O3OX:QN)'&K
+8*)@L4@
MFKD[_?TEJ%


;:EVXLRD8#;9 2=... 3+2H'[=C.39R1[V)E6)+\)-A'V



MG;POVT2BZ&#9S0'F[%=T[I





M2.A9
*$O!R1MCDJT)!VQ*


M_.%:GC?/AW
E5/*Y=8


M2I;. 84!O4(;!QN?6R]


]2MI)GQY:SY6V82/
MM)/25A!KQOLSX@F4 Q88YM //\SHAT4XU6''8Q

'_4BM%(2LG5FH


.O
.W^





M*=;T


MH9'L\2YGYJRGQ28**A054E$FEIUI&V=OM&#/A%: C@1 R%-[FN&Z/;^GH:T0
MDA2L;(&0L0Y0;W@DVJ17#P;;\KB@R@YP:0EF^U!9M106:YQR#%=(SXJR%$=*
M[=K[/8X17&U&
-AIJSIZHS]7LJ2FKCX
Z&Z+V]UM\HRCVR../+KGXCJ
$Z+$
MQ^]4)?PG')#?[UMNFNHK!2 94%11UEL7RY6S+K.#M!5TNT.L'50TA&A+B#2%

540M(S4%0SE#[6-1_F6NL&])=C






$EVG^J36=4WH!D4JF&PM:?Q:PC
LCG/HM*
MKU2*LS+1TX0VO80C\H.-?]SC-,NK@=F5*<[-B@EM@H0I]@6Q).WOWW<^T]M

MLM7$+3VCQ+0!#@1\#C4B 

G1P.--(
MY1#95!0M)HC(1AX5CIAT1
5;%$



BX2




M(V/=8M9P





M^


_DD^)YVXMP8S'T!)*/@:2

/4N6V@DF+XY3FYW?PK#
M;?PUW/.O(JH_9;3?K34MV^W
9TYY?V3
AA!

+7(O/

L$:LBG9
[KI

MB
@LBH:_R\2VKJ\98(].L(Q(F2A0WLBY8(U$G;HSZ88;WYZE]^WF*?$FE.
M?Z#\F5?X0WY5:%%LT?@8;#]X27
I4/BH ::(VE?(Q%?3!CTJ&Y6(-$3%F66%

M(U16'^&!MI@OUUO0L73X8$N_(K*%?62B^P;]X.0'3]FE'V$0=UUVV%^@-204

MA 2)Z 




M@[^#R^ 5:=@

&A\#M&BC
?*ZS8BQ4

M99W




M%N6 $]W:D;:%:-(A5
P
MVN&R0/'QZN;APR4]R^WG0'&VQR+BX30Q]Z+ QWSN1=9 \%URKAM-$S[N=GA#
MY[C+^T6ENHDN&6==8=BEGD?

[_L[F

V/2$<4A#9-[K1Y'9\S9[: IPVK&WU(=,GP8CFE=P(#<K

GMX3_SV@!F_BK(BZ%=U
#Z2N'J0P'*JY()\\I5F@6/
5;RA]


M*/#I_@*[\((YP.C!^_[!WR,\,9GLX&7P?;R$$:)_W?V3]&DY1) !.: ]25

.HVC+0;*@Q
SDU
Z53B(#3HL9P



M78

^



MLM$C%8ZJTO/24TQ3B-DQPK(DM%+(VZWB9O=6O0^Q;VIXL9\W&;CD!1SSV-.
MM]%@UF=W.(JH3G$27WM'/_'V_M_Q]H[T)Z_)5GD;?*


V
[=XK85N
M]77NX1]#2V;32XW/G(VZ6D0:SX6&Z2M=HV=.?LB3I
&\^#SR9F%^&F726KHB
M[]C6ZLC 3)I
5^#M

L
MPVQ1M+5TZ?NNCG:S:\ ,W]KB^QP5B=V6RX$4W/3MG&EA%4LX%^OVQO49,Q



M*&

!(4?
H(1]*

M_+
_9
I

MY4I



Z[X8A

S6+/-&BK^4S8EO:.9@B7!.=P$(*\
M!&%ZG'=GY


M#T'AM
]RK35X49VRFX;+?9:Y6F\PF.FR







MM1B T;8J7D'MNY! ?/F


M_U1_::XMIK/EB!U JLU;[0+ZV'*\3F!
6QKJ!OH8=+R.0&#0M]45U
.B_LZ@


MG-U&F4'_BJ




U^T:'PJN[I6
M9$TZ-A0W8WSJNK0$Y2M*_(



MR()P8Q*RXB!A.&ZWMG_]&(7_GI;1H$71Z
Z8Q[0QBPH(B=C*S]^YEK(C(?@K

?C3K'DS*&M'
MSB!P^8

MRYZ:&N0M9ZW5*W3S.Q
U

MAC@BPEA#)B

5B5&XQF.18Z_A/L3

@IWM*(4 D']UHZ;IVL<!+






)W4?Q3*@







MK:-03X!-\AQM)(\2;2P@#*NWY+_@U*8/WO=[+\&T%J@?G(BJM\3(PBL+%028
MI)2T5BHNF)WW*(3GCDC$(RH?W6/J

/'V0M:-9(-E+QM
T -5



M:KR.%*W6J24#_$3+_ V-5^
8=)Z6D
\M$M&2A'3#4Q*BWW[Z^A
ZEM;RBC9L
MCU^*I%2-72I?PM:XQ:IC7V[__10GK-KD 


OFLQYQ@'=^JSEL
MAQ='%(-($(C@P22[*[2K+U9]][)+K2).;Z1$9GW&N'N]\S&1*ZE)'NURYF



M;#A=!6E8%\RPIN.49F*W136=7]#:&/B%7O06D^#-OGS
]@A4_TZQ? F3?\-)

F40C]D35&B4



:&+(58L

E2%N;5QA%FZ6AXCT
MKJ=


D'+1!IRXK


NJUM:95/GY]5
#$H%P.E L/
M .






A)@#^*J$!.%QI'
96C%N=



M:&J@



_G
3EI44:P-& 8(M:Y?Z;T

M%
I/B^Q(Z'3=^PRM5$UB76)-]SL^M54V]@


%RWF7W/PB8]SMK[ T'L![&<D<P







MC#.*!ST]J!WU&=W441MG7[?KMK*PPV2VL#$^G]A4YB5?!C!#N8HI3 4LSCK#
MZ@2^=?34!+DY2I.##

E


3_[RX77W$9.=9



&WP;T4/;M[BX*CSA*7N_(QTD*
M@W

'H'17](SU3]\&/CV'

MAGMC&
$MC;#/C;!E1B Y'K' 
6MC@H[



M*@J3
7FIOTQBVKG79*)




D
MPW#[S=]SHVS^9Y-=6M:F?*7567Z34_[J*.Y[9.O.'P/QC$\OY=

MWMB






N\KFU4Y*Y%OXJ9OH_1U





G)*S2 )AH+B0M'




B4JA1DIJ5&ZVJ@7 ^8.7%K#+NL



MK^1OQS BIO


$

:
/8))!UY4

\UGSA%C[F
@
[S!_HOWN.==R='^+(R_EPK(U_Z<3]N?2EI@JY/401V9YX&= TJ
MH*B08PD=SGV

JET5
M^4I[B]GL;'JA(G.*E*!NRP=4
\[K^04!0B7HJWHQ


5/IN?OFXQ1H*&#PNKJQ=GFOO*


 PR#E!IM:D'9GTNC(!6IT


8*

M%]O'T ! 2PRJ#!&V]R.W.;Z%=DL!-]P







M;T.&R8I'L
L\W766B?=)I4-F55YN
K

Y*)H*M.RQA;AL8
M7VK+8$-L#9:9=G-?G=%POSVSGME17BCB'9DK)J_J/L<)MAT=C-(6X7C5O.U


M;

X


C;
M?_7V.+[#Y$N3GO@)W^[8+WB1M^
MB Q!K)+LIM.%NW86E9P@EXJ8%%3*90
$

X1!I!TZ_3^*/\I(





G5I]_[


N(OWO[$



PJJ:!0AVX



PFJ9*0.= 3![H@NGR(UI%'
-G080XP



JU62#E8

M!&/TC@G_$7J[G7[L*1WIV_2&7UCFJ;AIC7O29@%BW]
#C@X?\&-R&6Q)=^S3


S94-%M#RH2C=!=;13P8_;1#





M$15M$;Q@
&O@:R%]B-Q=Y-?P%L**HRS'M

#K-JBZ![#CE$BB-Y+VOVBMW
MV
0:^@@7G$5O0!-(];*IA;
6



MA**2/IR
355D[&PS28YBFN\=0CJ:(.D?IK*W?G**8

W<3(X@S^T&W

M



F& 7]


=79_\P LV='2^2?R7M%Q%&)#A


M
QQ%!DF$%!4;O[U0TB_#417^9D)+G][9U1UB;
UP1K5A
\
1Q1T;
7

5-8F
GJO$:1


:[IBCXVY34_.Z0M
M-N0V-\$F/.#/_-,V]6?,AH:R8?GZI*O9M&1X*@]HR)^1)=)$OF/I\0K=W6





M!X2!K#4+






@:H% LT6-6)




+&
MRP)?$;P$%/;X&LGZZ6JV7-4#'/&V3S*Y*),,']8?0HI@NH PU4*BCI0ML(
M/Q%._(@M1+*;5

5


+L2I4
M'

M



I[5CH'9O0BU/@L4S@:C2!D=Q9



I4




M\!
9WFP[HPC\MYC3CY&7)GC
#
&CXM^#8LQ!8&3RH&%J?<T%U





MY@WST:Y-#94IPE4]/


=F&0*/#R7S+=Q7$U49C9=FM'9:L2B^V.F5H6R<U(JVP

M5[^9:WYR$R7)XRTB7X+]SUK)KIY@)1*=%\IJL'E2-$!7F;JSZ
;FWM+1
$

I!'S]^R4.63X4CP


2F;$0H_+'PW$?OF)Z3K<PEME2.]SH\=-*W_)%UIR'4#)/I YM8@PQ.
M84.\'Z'QD'F**Z[SZ<7%PWB9A) :=@+A5M%0;PY[1_)/VS@C&#[0 MF0/]6

M$

_N
M6;SV$OP41CZ./X0'SV]2L?MYDSDS3PGYS:$S-ROWSY)D)@R5TM#OJ3RHK%D/

M2@ D03\0;@T$M(LW?:3IU36

WA4[PO$E0=BVK?%
M
;L!&










 AT?/GJ[=.]Z&KE
A0D $6?#K44



^CA


K#NW


4M944


LP&SUJZP0D*
MQH+9.\%7AKGL#Q

ME[0!]'OV7WNGK0=9XHU.67


I10CBP7:]D5+




]

'%K;J_I5TY=LBA


B+0_N&C!UJYT

M1NQT1\AS28@4Q7L_R0_-ZJ['TMCJGMCU)X@L2M@! 0X RM;\^JT77D0!J +J

#
M_T8 OM]]A$_XA/T'_Q#@^^ZPIF'K


M:7RGA D 1$+%.Q6?%]3ZR/XC&]W=#NH)A 6&(4/?OHR)O5**A&
8J=2!JY

9$A\=@#V_C




]AGA]ZB

M^DN?-L*C[&JU+K;@:*
@;Q7\4FD7L(8MU3-7;;%7LQBR5NUZE.C0K+N7$XN
M^%I/.)^V*)/21YCNYHM%FU^9#L*C3?
XQKFDKMT1:!6^^VXQ2N
CA!OMSU'

.DN/

?'XY) J.VN7[?MPPZ58\J

AIRJT$






M2@%
#
!R !8$D3PO\E[)WKC;SM+:$5C[B8:/1RC%1)O*3VF&D@*Y2D-010




)

MA;1KJV*D2;@4LJW=VI)JR&@TR=JM/]FE-E]5\1FN?(M6IKO2:DHL_7B7@O32

MR*







JYF@CK[)
(R4VQ.<1\!.LSU AW+#0A6Y8N)M[&




H].WC48-%[/; 8-HH[G&+P^NW?SE(8D/



7)!YG9! 7C;JR/*;2

].!'!3G)ZTR/LMA;MC^#G8R1S;D&_-8IHBJ:IHZ%FB_S^M


8B'5\?C*TR/H9TIB9(1S\]S9-&SZ^@MIW+QI:\@



Y?U;^9$'

M(#J [U@+6W

@_6C\[

V







TDT8XT)0$O==!C9IC8^&Z2N:^:]0H.0P
M5;FRBG=%2K$@EPM*P?1NAR7J


3]@
8S[#


M*X87$D;9


MQ1F*Y)5GO
7@4J#V$(?!YHW^MS?M%/JN^6#4K9!$AN0MZ@Y3-'P!:*/@._O3

7X\[!6Z%1(;;G$2





MX_RMGUY& #TI4L*'K/:YWG*XM/0H)7E@UZ4_^EGKBKM.D5
@+0$[9!RO


(0DKIY65R



Z'!F@PA;Q:WBR)NE#%




:2KSWVOK






H-1W)=_\

MTRDI+?]@
7I(EG\YOU9WYUE7N ;?;YYP@9I-=KY3-'V]RW_0O#L9^B
%&_OS

U?&3]%0%4]YRLMHSICD=?0.-?M?[[W

[6ZM^ FJ]\9DK.Z\T++Z_F5;?;^HYX!T]JGWA\K!CBV/#2D:ZW6
M)OEY(.4$;H_X+D[URX_(
.CO
GZ]5:WR)E.C1

93

M7HA-QXEA.)


M1V1 E@@_6C-;S1?F @/2[!SB@C3 QL*+H!M1 5IE%E0F*_.+A4:%!S3
@A










M87MILU3RW(AS#/QUZGPM6CH[[N0[NW;VY/3-Y/GS:Y#^XS:!\YXQVFF2GV
MY


V\VV& @AR@I 6@25)G
MEY]K(\[6OID4;7X.(GB7P;WRTR5EPU
@OD);B?*T2U7
!KYC\8#(GUJ1X('


H^]

U9W.;9);KA=Q::+9M%EN'
Y5LO-K
MT#RW03
UJFOS71V
Q^V



3[

M




ML/-8-NMP47V$5O; ]%GM9


G@

;^
$_U+_F*T*FV8HK%@@
;7W-!QF


G/ \Z
GSDD8H&J3WMQBH5IVDUM*^7@=;F.

M:6XVFP3BCYT

91N9XTKH//D_BU'D\5%G]6
MMYY;FXVFVLXSK.XE-^@$-/9_R;H3LHPBPA3_P89+^!%DX1C53JK+A:Q:D-
MO*YL-0\_RW=#3/;=OPE?FI/
A@%W3^J
V61-MOT&R4*%9S0#K$ZJR6JYTT

MOJ9/=7QO54]SG)Z8+L6-JE-K0/KDB%!I[5-MZ\83J$;K6D_P2-3EPK/FJ$$]

\C?C3L$4;'!-[&R8.?9

M&$'G7

8OT$(



!
M(KTPK:R/K73GIY3;7E=3<M=#K1*3R!2'6:3



;*D;1+G

)#:;$Q.)F

.=%PH'!UN/$KD0,\;O1BOH?6VQ%Y<TB5+X%2*QJ2\^ZD^_YT14.U%*]+&

O$=]_@^G+C$HA*H2


1T/


MT9RY^=*UYI'-2HPYY?UU2B8MN:4_:)B3)0$4HR*6BM@+4/J.(U


MM.UUVN$&+;!![WWTT0T$OP01*R[YJT:#OF5^DFDT:2EADE&2X/E&P^\;=MMQ



M;


GW&6G4XL7%9
M\S0!<*RY&*GV=TR#*;I-_A

M\@2-


*]SLV'(6GB
RH6M5J
MG9;MN.$OXZWS9*TS[CU=PX_K0:V@6/6BSRCTW:&_]KI.^4$;_E)(EQE&Z\JT


UWF^5K1

A;=LGG%)G=]#UI





M;+OZ6:XAT^XGI9W


0
MG:1H6^!G $9;C

MJ;J2^-$=!$5A-1 )&X)YBP C&G(L!O*U%'[X;'$]DPF 37+7N8PP-/JIP$0\

;P:YX_'!*L:X[0H@&N@X\M46Y


MRIDH




M


%0VA O'A2O4
M/AWY97YJ/?B--







M\*R--F#644;J[XGIKWN
MPX-/([Y)BI8T_DM0I^$SW&-UD[K@'Q/V=X?8:K
MA' AI,78ZLPM79LW=U18

)ME9TS#!JY




M?*H

TJVG_V3^D\'YW@R_9;O#Y

M^[3;0?P .)ZX?D4#06[8]C5FG[1Z-!2_

U=)YT
P9]



MU'6J+# (?C=X F_UH*D!3%[17[?_[YAFY.R)\#AK^[Y59FA12F;47[52 MU'


B_ZXRG
H4D=M?R-P

':
K


MMP0D;GAZAT.(.WT;NB[[/WE^;^18HFTXZ/=$





)M=K2RL_(8K


M



/YH[\;2TPMYGP

MV58
+DY)JB:^63#WYMVTA!RG24@7@$FVL[*E%8T:C;QKTL@FWN]1@LC8Y!W8
MZD0BSOS0&A)7
DB\Z\#!U-+@0!JHKAL. =0AQFLHV/5NEEP;]MF.KYC
F%X
MXCH-;U^-9#H52
CRW)
V%)#HI]@:#G

M6Q1T%]76V:DKT)()+

Y40&

M '-A;2TR
#$V
3(S

S$5
NE\K=




H%7H0[3YZW=?'M\M'B]O;[_[


'/-7H%?C?%X
&Q73/
*0H

A_QHE
-G?HG48;3.BOSLCPWYYN&U0_QS&


M(S^^X



G^/B#[
M&8M@F/WN._2-2W6\/KFPOR&?B:@^F-Y^C%0QL0/X677A3M

M4/_&PR?B=*./H .P\SSR@%K!U_![UG&&!

M+ Q$ .\2_;M2X3
:U[&Z!NL
&9^05TA
 C=AE
MK3]Y;WS54^Y3.]5N%6!4*



&:HQWK7)O*V^(@^X%]'<(5ISKG?-R_R-3$+

M-B(TRCPIOF[\3


M3[F;9^B55O[XR


/
MY/3NLUX#76@]:1DW5 /L'ST4#:V+YD$




%BB]F1;YBL/I^$[Z^]P%\CU?E1_(#69X?W_WPH2CQ]=_PKWY?
MX$_[Y/

+-

M_1WL*631VYV
OBKA.;
VQ

E\1=JLU-1]VL88/7?B_)%8Q^#XW:GHN\W$ 1_1^$W] B\.$3
MOXWCM7#BML/3^\=V'A!3L3B#=*0/&YA0ATXZ,EU=8IK[C]\(@^11ZY&1[W

#D: =11N



JKZ)L&)+^L?D/KA!ZN0DM7'CA'*



)3;/6G ^@O
M[X^C


D]/
M(94K


MA
6;--19R/5U*0YR*0.
4A4LPCD]7)+&6)
T^M*;[5/ND3QN9H+6U@.#0A&2
!PS=W?#<

,_'-.0Z/T4IQI@AM=JJO1.=&R
MZAF-S- I*8V/1/Y6EKAE9&P#[G6ZSZ+N4V?8X6V-A9<'AG]AVAH-+X\/0SU
AF.

8*-.OE
M-)D=1PG-K!#J(I&-GW--* /=




5!]!8


+0TI+(W7*
50DHF6)


3]#(R$W)!WT?AFEDXL][7(UY
MLB5NL R79_*EF&DL=R#*TU\NP#J,0*UTR?4;1A9+:UA=BO:9\$;R2W%/+.=@
M^C:W

MAK$! 1V&AC&A+/'
YVC?]I0A#.O/
/3Q[R.2&7X%\O\+!#T- X\6#VUG0W94



/I.A7

35='9-YU1+)KOEG!
M'C&?0S!2G%W\2@.WJH5\?Q.!I(Q7._@SXO8Q
XLR1=^AGD91OM&5_W/ED!
M#'^VL1\ WG
Q3

9& *

M&8V-I %*)M-(T6N,[6&JM8DM)Z=(7&
C.@]G&)N4H/M(A? F1-@=O7I1OS



^^5?VX9/JQ\







MA#U
O&\K$


;4P 3)(S;Y
84 [OEJ&'
=2W:)73!?6V)D\BM]G
M'+



)+YD3UTH)&]
;N




&)%.O-R21M_%3J:
MG

8&1^M:-R
%\]


M









O&
M80!]7H)QGY&

-/

(L:J-MMHJ*(CON9:=HG:!:/2^R3$TFJ%J/0T5&7)3U=)Z\!R



MV$%YXIZWAF'5K=*!T5.Y+X\G^?F8OHTZ9K8P:OIT!+(;5;L@1MIOQ+!;0C
M@:Q$SAW.HT3M2G\N(?KH(%+0#N_F%*C!




M!D-^5(//AI1

:




MS

M*X1%'3
JA](18'HH+4V.&9OCT=OICW5L]TG
SLP%?5 4U-23*.5V4P$ZPH
M+_V.-7BLU9=;AK[S97J8?8@XRSN#^#RRHE0I+0U%U])-6

M

6O.GYP/7H
M5C'WXIKE.T6?0;+Y4)5(AYQ1YDL//+7Y%&R-@AT!W =;KZWYN?HQEG+;VYI=


MZ$FAE8?(:39B$'MFO%5@.]6G'4





M

M1FBT-?NZ8AA]O265T$@JMHCL9N-1QXD9D/FX-_)L=2XA*CQV:G]^FH1 1 6I






Y=(W37



M$\C1-6WU//5#3*2[]'

M5]GHM

UR7T=A
VD]U

M
91F2UZN7*Y)C;QO, A<
M,?8#$@P+6?GG$=-FJ(AV^?G%A\Q?':NTH@\B0KPB6#%57.[&)T#\F_Q840;
MB-F*8E$IM3%


#$'DT]\\J*O
M(



M.FK3DD^(Z.$T=
J8X4I50K929G.RI%];XSDP5&0$VRU^7392&P1V]9H^4=

MV\3U2*@)V!%5X?K


M;(KN6X0)2+.H9R^&\2
^
IZ_1+]Z$22G^
%+P ?.3*2ZFY_;98AU6H_\?[L+

J:!/S9EIS!U8:B
\1-$*GBK
MC^&\V46.7DT$9G91A/3-);(U[*+4P(V[L!XNM*9831S#WUV$411^(_X/

_=






K7%(BEAU

MQ'/0%I2BPL[GH7HR\^%I-B#K:\5)8M.V09;(S
1@P42&R=/LC2=T^6]'6X5E


MZ2N

#EX/

MGC$(G*++W_;(C4% 9;*3?B$=X\T3URAST:K*B 1P^R
^!H%53BZT/SQDR#TK
MSU^[Q)C
CB-([-(NX2?CQU%LZC*HZ%;ENM_R(-1_YJYN]#6^-U5/#K=9!M
?[A1
M_A;7KUZ0YC,KJWOV0$?E*V-%Z@KXZ2K;WO](O0N(?#OH[#XW8+TYCV;H?
+

M$F2V\&K6_*4Z$H+[-V\EC_E8/,F1(PTL=.3PFWDB9IJT?SE(WU2U;79G#
MHDHW@=GJN.PJ:L_2W-\5J&X;=CYO!M-34


M




L).MM(2KRK.)5

M\:ELM-&P[3ZG9*0\N0/$M^BW%[AZR9?K-KX $&T6*18H 6W_R?
M\.


8^S#+


M! K+@$8$RA%'A
#3BY?\%J:!?[O=81'XD-ZJ'2@,GG18;FW0YL.%:RR]3M
MQ39
F:&]RL.

M.B4M Z3-2#3]DG4LCJ(#;(UJET6C&=%QNHCT$3W*M%PS#%[=HWW-AY)./Z9P


S714E9PD_2]XS!V&7,!^Q*)D9

J7HLVA&B=$F'F]VAS.
0B^787?;B$A4ZBS



M34[5$_X@)Y&;V7PLM'/KR7 Z:%CF;'1AW25:J^D[;C4M:(@V3R#:WJ?1ZL6+


T3K HA$.WK5;H%
C3<;(V/<:O9V)]3FBY 'OEB*?D_T^

WJ
M5W=#

=$/
M+H'^9W


NDVIZNDR

[%%TTDOLBN/%P77S0J






TLSSP9+DMR.LZZ@!\ PXY::FV8=N2
M%QYM]Z4/(MO5L998(%NC_@:3#$6F1NO
%H



M@2WU*0YBI.16B
*VVV<9(\<X7
M-;7;Y@O)? 5+-=KN (1U^+#ZV%D!N3MF^4ZVPU<.QREH1%ZLTV<$;/@ ]UN

34)-'
SY[6YYVT6ABDD:N




44D5ZF29QXB+R#GE]D V'9



J?8$)BJ6Z13SR4J<<K
$9O.PJJ?X/)2Y;*0Z[6

M+/4-T\@CL7VW4))F&H^$-7
2JWUA9Q%!$1K-W

E0MJRO6#DHF+7KV/JBE(
STZ.D_)#TBBJP?W)@#\N1Q*6.
M#HOQP6E^)^!&[$(CU4+8Y2Z=QD*T:YA4Z^'4\=
I()1L^6HAG%)^&KL(LYI-

\ZYPG:G

D%W^N
MV)==UZE4%6-N;0=1X6#;=U?'2LH-UO4P?KZ#:Q28@5:KM=8&(G:.\].!:\'


;Y OLZ9!NU=GC\'J^TWX^MX'D$#P(_F!S/S'


;^WL31
M&U2&:7_'H:7PG=_/IX[70Q@$F#63/PX/6OUC$\?-@*PL^W6'[$!?G_YIY\V.
M'


MW[H\+;W+3?J)%R5NB8;).^CUM+0[/!I7AII#T^V9Z9_RY4$9N_3= @V8%M;M
MS6FW0-0%ZN ;[O8

!X!JY)1HNJ=T]63V6Q9&/@';/




MULH6S

+J_8DM=[![K
MUCQ)
7FGB;['*[:J2-/XA4OF5SL:_\H&B)_L0U3S,#;Y;8'_90)S'X!//2













$ S\

M
U%CJ81(Z)P](UF-3 QS'IZQK$:N(SC'SDC6(]?EG6-G+




!*A
GC04=9N-E;45?UK%M3X

M





M!#T&FOX4AER'YN(K'VE&=Y.Z@U#2FVU0CQ0R2L*-_5$X^@
;.:M@^P94$)@/


9LGOD.@
MC/*)-^J7*:N_/8 $1ID#[#[P4+Q /GFXJOKM!4!@#;

MJOESJ
:)BXSBTPQ4;(\M=5+_\OB

M\9:XQ\H@GGX&&I

MQZ]OQ^K9M2_$


M



MJ8Y@XJP^P814 ;Y%/GR%/F9L'*Y;SL*JG^#R4N6LD/,0]P]Q1RU/^NHVC8
M5%_DI'-J
Z-I4NI!$_5H5XZ 8W

YL]+ZJ_0=KIO_W.@HPY;%18W&\U7OO:+
M*-[(\CA.Z4HRY1:5+CM:[;K9J*-TQ#JD:U38S8:'MK'KE3!Z0/#C;'1O-H+B
MQ,X*+JOU8U']$,D@O9E=N):)26K.RY!4?$QJT^A*D#UTB 51%8K)_(0R90




M\]@SZILSJKU'

M2XD.68QS'*Y#5T7(/(J:BMZX]'Y79V&$]$KW)AZ[F]J#^KG& U=Y0?O&


\;SL:JA5A










M+S[6D/%9EC@=(QJ;%

C)ZQ



M=^+D3IW





MYV&


$KQVH95LBKW-)L5Q2/*6_$:Y

 PBFS?979

Q(P'TL1&U-0C;R0G]2:,KL+T.5FG
M04E/[E-*^ &,TOV-**HUZAZ] .#;-TDC1$_SE^RD05@E.X,@A(&*\Y@%AV@

 /;R#=RYLO%95L4V!7T5U% V1&]Q/LIPDAV'
M)I'U1HI$)R-E3G)SWBM *?@E#'U2




MO-:4HPHIA

:9 O@*

R/4U
:LO
=:UKN
$
M;C' K)URU
CY(

MW@
^'^8L6\H;
BN\/LP0+VD?=P73G

*N#G+[6P/9(7/

MG*A73K1

H*D^N
 M6MKN3'YW\Z.1')S]R0B6D.9&3)9TLZ61)
MEBQY'X&=!_TR


XU ])RT:VF5Z'+6 6 ^_H2Y2H0OG
M:R4;(:@RDA
7G;CHQ
51W&EJT7I*[

S4CK)T_!L.LN;3LIT4J:3,IV4J4'*=+*EDRV=;DA6Y;U@TV7P[RQJIT
MWHW:&9G*6\QY/5PPKX3)T_!YSN=S3E*5$[^[E4HW]DKG4SI9$I=
J5=YLEY




CQBNO08YHN2FOD

3IETZ_E)1



M8O&IQ6)S

M7#_Z#=?$3/IW5'1^\G1X!A_0I9?/.BG.AE=CO&Q*29[X$X3K?Y[SKOJ1X?
M

6URS6R*D:EL
M4

MCJA27B4U$9Y9TJE2@41Z!&?Y'J/EN_-^I6^(SL
Y.XM]=I8._
4959Q115)@




M^!Z#]$&'[HP19JK4XQ+!+55M%-?4)%8ISZB$^D&%NE.2=_]06*F&1G)YB-
MZ0J5%
PZ


M






38Q
C
Q


C Q-C$R

MHJ4! !0              ( !W
 ! '-A;2TR
#$V
3(S

M A0#%     @ IX162MP\5
Z%70  .

M;2TR
#$V
3(S

@]0QK   OBL*

E
#$V
3(S

end



