

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-15-060122
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141227
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150224
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BOSTON BEER CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000949870
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				043284048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1226
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14092
		FILM NUMBER:		15644026
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-368-5061
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210












 


Washington
 D.C. 20549 
FORM 10-K






For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 
 




to
Commission file number:
1-14092 
THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. 

















One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 



(Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code) 





















Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 and will not be contained
 to
the best of the registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 






























Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

977.2 million (based on the
average price of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June&nbsp;28
 2014). All of the registrant&#146;s Class B Common Stock ($.01 par value) is held by an affiliate. 

 2015
 there were 9
721
327 shares outstanding of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock ($.01 par value) and 3
617
355 shares
outstanding of the Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock ($.01 par value). 
DOCUMENTS
Certain parts of the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2015 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;27
 2015
are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 




THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 27
 2014 























































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



















































































































































 






 Inc. (&#147;Boston Beer&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148;) is the largest craft brewer in the United&nbsp;States. In fiscal 2014
During 2014
 the Company sold over sixty
 brand names


 brand name
 and over twenty beers under four of the brand names of its
subsidiary
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science. Boston Beer produces malt beverages and hard cider at Company-owned breweries and under contract arrangements at other brewery locations. The Company-owned breweries are located in Boston
 Massachusetts (the
&#147;Boston Brewery&#148;)
 Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &#147;Cincinnati Brewery&#148;)
 Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania (the &#147;Pennsylvania Brewery&#148;)
 Los Angeles
 California
 (the &#147;Angel City Brewery&#148;) and Miami
 Florida (the
The Company&#146;s principal executive offices are located at One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
Massachusetts 02210
 and its telephone number is (617)&nbsp;368-5000. 

 the United States beer industry consisted of hundreds of small breweries that brewed full-flavored beers. After the end of Prohibition
most domestic brewers shifted production to less flavorful
 lighter beers
 which use lower-cost ingredients
 and can be mass-produced to take advantage of economies of scale in production. This shift towards mass-produced beers coincided with
consolidation in the beer industry. Today
 two major brewers
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (&#147;AB InBev&#148;) and MillerCoors LLC (&#147;MillerCoors&#148;)
 of all United States domestic beer production
 excluding
The Company&#146;s beers are primarily positioned in the Better Beer category of the beer industry
 which includes craft (small
 independent and
traditional) brewers
 domestic specialty beers and most imports. Better Beers are determined by higher price
 quality
 image and taste
 as compared with regular domestic beers. Samuel Adams
is one of the largest brands in the Better Beer category of the United States brewing industry. The Company estimates that in 2014 the craft beer category grew approximately 19% and the Better Beer category was up approximately 7%
 while the total
beer category was essentially flat. The Company believes that the Better Beer category is approximately 25% of United States beer consumption by volume. 

 excluding Better Beers
 has experienced a decline in shipments over the last ten years. The Company believes that this decline is
due to declining alcohol consumption per person in the population
 drinkers trading up to drink high quality
 more flavorful beers and increased competition from wine and spirits companies. During the past forty years
 domestic light beers
 which
are beers with fewer calories than the brewers&#146; traditional beers
 have experienced significant growth within the industry and now have a higher market share than traditional beers. 

the FMB category comprises approximately 4% of United States beer consumption and that the volume comprising the FMB category increased approximately 15% in 2014. This category is highly competitive due to
 among other factors
 the presence of large
brewers and spirits companies in the category
 the advertising of malt-based spirits brands in channels not available to the parent brands and a fast pace of product innovation. 
 




beer industry for reporting and regulatory purposes. The Company believes that the hard cider category comprises approximately 1% of United States beer consumption and that the volume comprising the hard cider category increased approximately 60% in
2014. This category is small but growing and highly competitive and includes large international and domestic competitors as well as many small regional and local hard cider companies. 
The Company&#146;s
business goal is to become the leading supplier in the Better Beer and hard cider categories by creating and offering high quality full-flavored beers and hard ciders. With the support of a large
 well-trained sales organization and world-class
brewers
 the Company strives to achieve this goal by offering great beers and hard ciders
 and increasing brand availability and awareness through advertising
 point-of-sale
 promotional programs and drinker education. 
The Company&#146;s
strategy is to create and offer a world-class variety of traditional and innovative beers and hard ciders
 with a focus on promoting the Samuel Adams product line
 but supported by a portfolio of complementary brands. The Angry Orchard brand family
was launched in the second half of 2011 in several markets and achieved national distribution in 2012. Since 2013
 Angry Orchard has been the largest selling hard cider in the United States. The Twisted Tea brand family has grown each year since the
product was first introduced in 2001 and has established a loyal drinker following. In late 2011
 the Company formed a subsidiary
 A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
 as a craft brew incubator headquartered in
Burlington
 Vermont. Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science currently has four brands
 including Angel City Brewery
 The Traveler Beer Co.
 Coney
The Company sells its beers and hard
ciders in various packages. Kegs are sold primarily for on premise retailers
 which include bars
 restaurants and other venues
 and bottles and cans are sold primarily for off-premise retailers
 which include grocery stores
 club stores
 convenience
stores and liquor stores. During 2013
 after a two-year research effort
 the Company launched Samuel Adams Boston Lager and some other Samuel Adams styles in a unique can that the Company developed and believes improves the drinker&#146;s experience
 is the Company&#146;s flagship
beer that was first introduced in 1984. Sam Adams Light was introduced in 2001 and is available on a year-round basis in certain markets. The Samuel Adams Seasonal beers are brewed specifically for limited periods of time and include Samuel Adams
Cold Snap
 Samuel Adams Summer Ale
 Samuel Adams Octoberfest
 and Samuel Adams Winter Lager. During early 2014 Samuel Adams Cold Snap was introduced to replace Samuel Adams Alpine Spring as the Spring Seasonal. 

Samuel Adams Maple Pecan Porter was brewed and included in the Spring Brews variety pack
 Samuel Adams Belgian Session and Samuel Adams Blueberry Hill Lager were brewed and included in the Beers of Summer variety pack
 Samuel Adams Harvest Saison
 Ale was brewed and included in the Winter Favorites variety pack. Additionally
 beginning in 2011
the Company began limited releases of seasonal beers in various packages. These limited seasonal release beers currently include Samuel Adams Escape Route Kolsch
 Samuel Adams Porch Rocker
 Samuel Adams Harvest Pumpkin and Samuel Adams White
After being in test markets during 2013
 the Company began a national rollout of Samuel Adams Rebel IPA
 a West Coast style IPA brewed with
hops from the Pacific Northwest
 in early 2014. In early 2015
 the Company began the national launch of Sam Adams Rebel Rouser IPA and Samuel Adams Rebel Rider IPA
 additional styles to support Samuel Adams Rebel IPA. 
 




but receives limited promotional support. The Small Batch Collection
 Barrel Room Collection and Limited Edition Beers and certain specialty variety packs are produced in limited quantities and are sold at higher prices than the Company&#146;s other
Twisted Tea
and Angry Orchard brand families have been available nationally since 2012 and include Seasonal programs. Twisted Tea and Angry Orchard are available in various packages
 including cans. The Company will continue to look for complementary
opportunities to leverage its capabilities
The Company continually
evaluates the performance of its various beers
 flavored malt beverages and hard cider styles and the rationalization of its product line as a whole. Periodically
 the Company discontinues certain styles and packages
 such as Samuel Adams Black
Lager
 Samuel Adams Blackberry Witbier
 and Twisted Tea Blueberry that were discontinued during 2014. Also
 brand and its beers were discontinued
The
Company&#146;s beers and hard ciders are sold by the Company&#146;s sales force to the same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially the same channels of distribution. These beverages are
manufactured using similar production processes
Product
The Company is committed to maintaining its position as a leading innovator in the Better Beer and hard cider categories
by developing new beers and hard ciders. To that end
The Company also promotes the
 in which homebrewers and employees of the Company submit their homebrews for inclusion in the
 six-pack in the following year. In 2014
 the Company sold over sixty Samuel Adams beers commercially and brewed many more test brews. The Company&#146;s Boston Brewery spends most of
its time ideating
In 2013
 the Company
completed a two-year research effort to develop a can to improve the beer drinker&#146;s experience compared to the traditional can. Currently
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
 Samuel Adams Seasonal Beers and Samuel Adams Rebel IPA are available in this
In late 2011
 the Company formed a subsidiary
 A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
 headed by Alan
Newman
 founder of Magic Hat Brewing Company
 as a craft brew incubator. Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science is headquartered in Burlington
 Vermont. The mission of Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science is to find new opportunities in craft brewing
 which may be
geographical or stylistic and some may be with existing breweries or brewpubs. Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science has access to the brewing talents and broad resources of the Company as it looks for opportunities around the country. During 2012 and 2013
Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science purchased the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 a Los Angeles based craft brewer doing business as Angel City Brewing Company
 and the assets of the Coney Island beer brand and certain other assets from
Shmaltz Brewing Company
 a New York based craft brewer. Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science has also developed and sold beers under The Traveler Beer Co. brand name
 and
other shandy-style and fruit flavored beers. Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science is in the process of completing a small brewery and beer hall in Miami
 Florida named Concrete Beach Brewery. To date
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science brands have been available in
limited markets and sales have been less than 2% of the Company&#146;s sales. 
 



Sales
 Distribution and Marketing 

 importers or other
agencies (collectively referred to as &#147;Distributors&#148;). These Distributors
 in turn
 sell the products to retailers
 such as pubs
 restaurants
 grocery stores
 convenience stores
 package stores
 stadiums and other retail outlets
 where the
products are sold to drinkers
 and in some limited circumstances to parties who act as sub-distributors. The Company sells its products predominantly in the United&nbsp;States
 but also has markets in Canada
 Europe
 Israel
 Australia
 New Zealand
the Caribbean
 the Pacific Rim
 Mexico
With few exceptions
 the Company&#146;s products are not the primary brands in
Distributors&#146; portfolios. Thus
 the Company
 in addition to competing with other beers and hard ciders for a share of the drinker&#146;s business
 competes with other brewers for a share of the Distributor&#146;s attention
 time and selling
efforts. During 2014
 the Company&#146;s largest customer accounted for approximately 6% of the Company&#146;s net sales. The top three customers accounted for approximately 12%
 collectively. In some states or countries
 the terms of the
Company&#146;s contracts with its Distributors may be affected by laws that restrict the enforcement of some contract terms
 especially those related to the Company&#146;s right to terminate its relationship with its Distributors. 

most of its orders from domestic Distributors in the first week of a month for products to be shipped the following month and the Distributor would then carry three to five weeks of packaged inventory (usually at ambient temperatures) and three to
In an effort to reduce both the time and temperature the Company&#146;s beers experience at Distributor warehouses before
reaching the retail market
 the Company introduced its Freshest Beer Program with domestic Distributors in several markets in late 2010. The goal of the Freshest Beer Program is to provide better on-time service
 forecasting
 production planning and
cooperation with the Distributors
 while substantially reducing inventory levels at the Distributor. At December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company had 121 Distributors participating in the program at various stages of inventory reduction
 which constitutes
approximately 68% of its volume. The Company believes that by the end of 2015 between 72% and 78% of its volume will be in the Freshest Beer Program. The Company successfully reduced the inventories of participating Distributors by approximately two
weeks
 resulting in fresher beer being delivered to retail. The Freshest Beer Program has resulted in lower shipments of approximately 241
000
 212
000 and 103
000 case equivalents in 2012
 2013 and 2014
 respectively
 as measured at the end of the
year by evaluating the year-on-year inventory reduction from the inventory levels that might otherwise have been expected. The ordering process has changed significantly for Distributors that participate in the Freshest Beer Program and has resulted
in a shorter period between order placement and shipment. There are various risks associated with the Freshest Beer Program that are discussed in 

 which the Company believes is one of the largest in the domestic beer industry. The Company&#146;s
sales organization is designed to develop and strengthen relations at each level of the three-tier distribution system by providing educational and promotional programs encompassing Distributors
 retailers and drinkers. The Company&#146;s sales
force has a high level of product knowledge and is trained in the details of the brewing and selling processes. Sales representatives typically carry samples
 certain ingredients including hops and barley and other promotional materials to educate
wholesale and retail buyers about the quality and taste of the Company&#146;s beers and hard ciders. The Company has developed strong relationships with its Distributors and retailers
 many of which have benefited from the Company&#146;s premium
The Company also engages in media campaigns &#151; primarily television
 radio
 digital and social media
 billboards and
print. These media efforts are complemented by participation in sponsorships of cultural and community events
 local beer festivals
 industry-related trade shows and promotional events at local establishments
 to the extent permitted under local
laws and regulations. The Company uses a wide array of 
 




point-of-sale items (banners
 neons
 umbrellas
 glassware
 display pieces
 signs and menu stands) designed to stimulate impulse sales and continued awareness. 

 the Company launched its core philanthropic initiative
 Samuel Adams Brewing the American
. In partnership with ACCION
 the nation&#146;s largest non-profit micro-lender
 the program supports small business owners in the food
 beverage
 brewing and hospitality industries
through access to business capital
 coaching
 and new market opportunities. The goal is to help strengthen small businesses
 create local jobs and build vibrant communities. Since the inception of the Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream program
Samuel Adams and Accion have worked together to loan more than $3.5 million to over 400 small business owners who have subsequently repaid these loans at a rate of more than 98%. Samuel Adams employees
 together with our local business partners and
community organizations
 have provided coaching and mentoring to nearly 5
000 business owners across the country. These efforts have helped to create or maintain more than 2
000 local jobs. 
The Company has been
successful to date in obtaining sufficient quantities of the ingredients used in the production of its beers
 hard ciders and flavored malt beverages. These ingredients include: 
 The two-row varieties of barley used in the Company&#146;s malt are mainly grown in the United States and Canada. The 2013 barley
crop
 which supported most 2014 malt needs
 was consistent with historical long term averages in terms of both quality and quantity as acreage declines were offset by above average yields. The 2014 barley crop
 which will support 2015 malt needs
was well below historical long term averages in terms of both quality and quantity
 due primarily to weather events in key barley growing areas. The 2013 barley crop prices and 2014 barley crop prices booked early in the calendar year were at prices
comparable to historical long term averages. The 2014 crop prices booked late in the calendar year increased considerably and were well above historical long term averages. Due to the quality of the 2014 crop
 it is possible that beer yields will
decline slightly
 as the Company modifies its brewing processes to ensure that quality wort is produced. The Company purchased most of the malt used in the production of its beer from one major supplier during 2014. The Company currently has a
multi-year contract with one supplier
 but also believes that there are other malt vendors available that are capable of supplying its needs. 
 The Company uses Noble hops varieties for most of its Samuel Adams beers and also uses hops grown in the United States
 England and
New Zealand. Noble hops are grown in several specific areas recognized for growing hops with superior taste and aroma properties. These include Hallertau-Hallertauer
 Tettnang-Tettnanger
 Hersbruck-Hersbrucker and Spalt-Spalter from Germany and
Saaz-Saazer from the Czech Republic. The United States hops
 namely Cascade
 Simcoe
 Centennial
 Chinook
 Citra
 Amarillo and Ahtanum
 are used in certain of the Company&#146;s ales and lagers. Traditional English hops
 namely
 East Kent Goldings
and English Fuggles
 are used in certain of the Company&#146;s ales. Other hop sources and varieties are also tested and used from time to time. The Company enters into purchase commitments with seven hops dealers based on the Company&#146;s
projected future volumes and brewing needs. The dealers either have the hops that are committed or will contract with farmers to meet the Company&#146;s needs. The contracts with the hop dealers are denominated in Euros for the German hops
 in
Pounds Sterling for the English hops and in US Dollars for United States hops. The Company does not currently hedge its forward currency commitments. The United States hops crop harvested in 2014 was consistent with historical long term averages in
terms of both quality and quantity for most hop varieties. The European hops crop harvested in 2014 was consistent with historical long term averages in terms of both quality and quantity. The Company expects to realize full delivery on United
States and European hops contracts. The Company attempts to maintain up to a two-year supply of essential hops varieties on-hand in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. The Company stores its hops in multiple cold storage
The demand for hops grown in the United States has risen
 due to the success and
proliferation of craft brewers and the popularity of beer styles that include hops grown in the United States. Certain United States hops are in tight supply and prices have risen for both spot purchases and forward contract pricing
 accordingly.

 




 which assessment is
based on expected growth and beer style mix
 all of which could ultimately be significantly different from what is currently planned. Variations to plan could result in hops shortages for specific beers or an excess of certain hops varieties. 
The Company uses multiple yeast strains for production of its beers
 hard ciders and flavored malt
beverages.&nbsp;While some strains are commercially available
 the other strains are proprietary. Since the proprietary strains cannot be replaced if destroyed
 the Company protects these strains by storing multiple cultures of the same strain at
The Company uses special varieties and origins of apples in
its hard ciders that it believes are important for their flavor profile. In 2014
 these apples were sourced primarily from European
 United States and New&nbsp;Zealand suppliers and include bittersweet apples from France and New Zealand and culinary
apples from Italy and Washington State. There is limited availability of these apples and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 growers rotating from apples to other crops
 competitor demand
 government regulation and legislation
affecting agriculture
 could affect both price and supply. The 2014 apple crops in Europe
 the United&nbsp;States and New Zealand were consistent with historical long term averages. In 2012
 the Company experienced shortages of apples
 primarily due
to growth in excess of that planned
 that impacted the timing of shipments of its hard ciders to Distributors. During 2013 and 2014
 the Company did not experience any shortage of apples. The Company has entered into contracts to cover its expected
 The Company maintains competitive
 The Company maintains
competitive sources for the supply of certain packaging materials
 such as shipping cases
 six-pack carriers
 glass and crowns. The Company enters into limited-term supply agreements with certain vendors in order to receive preferential pricing. In
2014
 cans and labels were each supplied by a single source; however
 the Company believes that alternative suppliers for cans and labels are available.

derives some economic benefit from its reuse of returned glass bottles. The cost associated with reusing the glass varies
 based on the costs of collection
 sorting and handling
 including arrangements with retailers
 Distributors and dealers in
recycled products. There is no guarantee that the current economics relating to the use of returned glass will continue or that the Company will continue to reuse returnable bottles. 
As of December&nbsp;27
 2014
the Company employed over fifteen brew masters to monitor the Company&#146;s brewing operations and control the production of its beers and hard ciders. Extensive tests
 tastings and evaluations are typically required to ensure that each batch of
Samuel Adams beer
 Twisted Tea flavored malt beverage and Angry Orchard hard cider conforms to the Company&#146;s standards. The Company has on-site quality control labs at each brewery. 

 the Company includes a clearly legible &#147;freshness&#148; code on every bottle
 can and keg of its beers
Brewing
During 2014
 the Company brewed and packaged over 95% of its core brand volume at breweries owned by the Company. The Company made
capital investments in 2014 of approximately $152 million. These investments 
 




were made to expand the quality
 capacity
 efficiency and capabilities of its breweries
 both to meet the 2014 growth and the anticipated future growth. The Company expects to invest between $80
million and $110 million in 2015
 which is highly dependent on estimates of future growth and the capital investments to meet those volume growth estimates. The actual amount spent may well be different from these estimates. The Company believes
that by executing this capital plan and expanding its use of production arrangements with third parties
 it should be able to support its projected growth in 2015. The Company continues to evaluate capacity optimization at its breweries and the
The Pennsylvania Brewery and the Cincinnati Brewery produce
most of the Company&#146;s shipment volume. The Pennsylvania Brewery is the Company&#146;s largest brewery and the Cincinnati Brewery is the primary brewery for the production of most of the Company&#146;s specialty and lower volume products. The
Boston Brewery&#146;s production is mainly for developing new types of innovative and traditional beers and hard ciders and brewing and packaging beers for retail sales on site and in the local market area. Product development entails researching
market needs and competitive products
 sample brewing and market taste testing. The Angel City Brewery production currently supports draft accounts in the Los Angeles market and on premise consumption at its beer hall. During 2015
 the Company
expects to open small breweries with beer halls to support the local markets for the Concrete Beach Brewery in Miami
 Florida and the Coney Island Brewery in Brooklyn
 New York. 

 LLC
 to produce its products at facilities in Latrobe
 Pennsylvania and La
Crosse
 Wisconsin
 an agreement with Pleasant Valley Wine Company to produce at facilities in Hammondsport
 New York
 and an agreement with Shmaltz Brewing Company
 LLC to produce at facilities in Clifton Park
 New York. The Company carefully
selects breweries and packaging facilities owned by others with (i)&nbsp;the capability of utilizing traditional brewing
 fermenting and finishing methods and (ii)&nbsp;first-rate quality control capabilities throughout the process. Under its
brewing and packaging arrangements with third parties
 the Company is charged a service fee based on units produced at each of the facilities and bears the costs of raw materials
 risk
 excise taxes and deposits for pallets and kegs and specialized
The Company believes that it has alternatives available to it
in the event that production at any of its brewing locations is interrupted
 although as volumes at the Pennsylvania Brewery increase
 severe interruptions there would be problematic. In addition
 the Company may not be able to maintain its current
economics if interruptions were to occur
 and could face significant delays in starting up replacement brewing locations. Potential interruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental actions
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
machinery failures
 operational shut downs
 or natural or unavoidable catastrophe. Also
 as the brewing industry has consolidated and the Company has grown
 the capacity and willingness of breweries owned by others where the Company could brew some
of its beers and hard ciders
 if necessary
 has become a more significant concern. The Company continues to work with all of its contract brewers to attempt to minimize any potential disruptions. 
The Better Beer category within the
United States beer market is highly competitive due to the increasing number of craft brewers
 imported beers with similar pricing and target drinkers
 and efforts by large domestic brewers to enter this category. The Company anticipates competition
and innovation among domestic craft brewers to remain strong
 as craft brewers experienced their tenth successive year of growth in 2014 and there were many new startups. The Company estimates there are over 5
200 craft breweries in operation or in
the planning stages
 up from approximately 420 operating craft breweries in 2006. Also
 established craft breweries are building more capacity
 expanding geographically
 and adding more SKUs and styles
 as Distributors and retailers are promoting
Imported beers
 such as
Corona
 continue to compete aggressively in the United States and have gained market share over the last ten years. In
2013
 AB InBev completed its purchase of the Mexican brewer 
 




Grupo Modelo
 owner of Corona and other imported brands. As part of this acquisition
 the United States distribution rights and certain brewery assets of Corona were purchased by Constellation
Brands. Heineken and Constellation Brands may have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company has. The two largest brewers in the United States
 MillerCoors and AB InBev
 have entered the
Better Beer category with domestic specialty beers
 either by developing their own beers
 acquiring
 in whole or part
 existing craft breweries
 importing and distributing foreign brewers&#146; brands or increasing their development and marketing
efforts on their own domestic specialty beers that might compete in the Better Beer category. In addition
 Miller Coors&#146; Tenth Blake and AB InBev&#146;s High End Division have been formed as business units headquartered in the United States
The Company&#146;s products also compete with other alcoholic beverages for drinker
attention and consumption. In recent years
 wine and spirits have been competing more directly with beers. The Company monitors such activity and attempts to develop strategies which benefit from the drinker&#146;s interest in trading up in order to
The Company competes with other beer and alcoholic beverage companies within a
three-tier distribution system. The Company competes for a share of the Distributor&#146;s attention
 time and selling efforts. In retail establishments
 the Company competes for shelf
 cold box and tap space. From a drinker perspective
 competition
exists for brand acceptance and loyalty. The principal factors of competition in the Better Beer segment of the beer industry include product quality and taste
 brand advertising and imagery
 trade and drinker promotions
 pricing
 packaging and the
The Company distributes its products through independent Distributors who also distribute competitors&#146; products.
Certain brewers have contracts with their Distributors that impose requirements on the Distributors that are intended to maximize the Distributors&#146; attention
 time and selling efforts on that brewer&#146;s products. These contracts generally
result in increased competition among brewers as the contracts may affect the manner in which a Distributor allocates selling effort and investment to the brands included in its portfolio. The Company closely monitors these and other trends in its
The Company has certain competitive
advantages over the regional craft brewers
 including a long history of awards for product quality
 greater available resources and the ability to distribute and promote its products on a more cost-effective basis. Additionally
 the Company believes
it has competitive advantages over imported beers
 including lower transportation costs
 higher product quality
 a lack of import charges and superior product freshness. 

 such as Twisted Tea


 Mike&#146;s Hard Lemonade
 Ritas


 among other factors
 the presence of large brewers and spirits
companies in the category
 the advertising of malt-based spirits brands in channels not available to the parent brands and a fast pace of product innovation. 

large international and domestic competitors
 as well as many small regional and local hard cider companies. Hard ciders are typically priced competitively with Better Beers and may compete for drinkers with beer
 wine
 spirits
 or FMBs. Some of
these competitors include C&amp;C Group PLC under the brand names &#145;Woodchuck&#146;
 &#145;Magners&#146; and &#145;Hornsby&#146;s&#146;; Heineken under the brand names &#145;Strongbow&#146;; AB InBev under &#145;Johnny Appleseed
&#146;
&#145;Michelob Ultra Cider&#146; and &#145;Stella Cidre&#146; and MillerCoors under the brand names &#145;Smith and Forge&#146; and &#145;Crispin Cider&#146;. 
 



 

 state and local governments. These regulations govern the production
 sale and distribution of
alcoholic beverages
 including permitting
 licensing
 marketing and advertising. To operate its breweries
 the Company must obtain and maintain numerous permits
 licenses and approvals from various governmental agencies
 including the Alcohol and
Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
 the Food and Drug Administration
 state alcohol regulatory agencies and state and federal environmental agencies. 

 license fees and other similar charges and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and
regulations. The federal excise tax on malt beverages is $18 per barrel
 on hard cider (with alcohol by volume of 7% or less) is $0.226 per gallon
 and on artificially carbonated wine (hard cider with alcohol by volume greater than 7%) is $3.30 per
gallon. States levy excise taxes at varying rates based on the type of beverage and alcohol content. Failure by the Company to comply with applicable federal
 state or local laws and regulations could result in higher taxes
 penalties
 fees and
suspension or revocation of permits
 licenses or approvals. While there can be no assurance that any such regulatory action would not have a material adverse effect upon the Company or its operating results
 the Company is not aware of any
infraction affecting any of its licenses or permits that would materially impact its ability to continue its current operations. 

 including Samuel
Adams
&nbsp;the design logo of Samuel Adams
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
Samuel Adams Utopias
 Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream
 Twisted Tea
Angry Orchard 
 Just Beer


 including Infinium&#153; and Concrete Beach&#153;. The Samuel Adams
trademark
 the Samuel Adams Boston Lager trademark
 the design logo of Samuel Adams
 the Twisted Tea trademark and other Company trademarks are also registered or registration is pending in various foreign countries. The Company regards its Samuel
Adams family of trademarks and other trademarks as having substantial value and as being an important factor in the marketing of its products. The Company is not aware of any trademark infringements that could materially affect its current business
or any prior claim to the trademarks that would prevent the Company from using such trademarks in its business. The Company&#146;s policy is to pursue registration of its marks whenever appropriate and to vigorously oppose any infringements of its
Environmental
 Health and Safety Regulations and Operating Considerations 

 state and local environmental and occupational health and safety
laws
 regulations and ordinances that govern activities or operations that may have adverse effects on human health or the environment. Environmental laws
 regulations or ordinances may impose liability for the cost of remediation of
 and for
certain damages resulting from
 sites of past releases of hazardous materials. The Company believes that it currently conducts
 and in the past has conducted
 its activities and operations in substantial compliance with applicable environmental
laws
 and believes that any costs arising from existing environmental laws will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition or results of operations. 

 the Company has reused its glass bottles returned from certain states that have bottle deposit bills.
The Company believes that it benefits economically from washing and reusing these bottles
 which result in a lower cost than purchasing new glass
 and that it benefits the environment by the reduction in landfill usage
 the reduction of usage of raw
materials and the lower utility costs for reusing bottles versus producing new bottles. The economics of using recycled glass varies based on the cost of collection
 sorting and handling
 and may be affected by local regulation
 and retailer
Distributor and glass dealer behavior. There is no guarantee that the current economics of using returned glass will continue
 or that the Company will continue its current used glass practices. 
 




health and safety requirements. The Company believes that it currently is in compliance with applicable requirements and will continue to endeavor to remain in compliance. There can be no assurances
 however
 that new and more restrictive
requirements might not be adopted
 compliance with which might have a material
 adverse financial effect on the Company and its operating results
 or that such policies and procedures will be consistently followed and be sufficient to prevent
As of
December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company employed approximately 1
325 people
 of which approximately 100&nbsp;were covered by collective bargaining agreements at the Cincinnati Brewery. The collective bargaining agreements involve three labor unions
with one contract expiring in 2015 and two expiring in 2017. The Company believes it maintains a good working relationship with all three labor unions and has no reason to believe that the good working relationship will not continue. The Company has
experienced no work stoppages
 or threatened work stoppages
 and believes that its employee relations are good. 

NYSE Listed Company Manual.&nbsp;This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains at Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 the certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 respectively
 in accordance with the requirements of Section&nbsp;302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company makes available free of charge copies of its Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as well as other reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 on the
Company&#146;s website at 
 or upon written request to Investor Relations
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210. 




In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 the risks
described below should be carefully considered before deciding to invest in shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock. These are risks and uncertainties that management believes are most likely to be material and therefore are most
important for an investor to consider. The Company&#146;s business operations and results may also be adversely affected by additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to it
 or which it currently deems immaterial
 or which are similar to
those faced by other companies in its industry or business in general. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows would likely suffer. In that
event
 the market price of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock could decline. 

 due to the increasing number of craft brewers with similar pricing and
target drinkers and gains in market share achieved by domestic specialty beers and imported beers
 a number of which are now promoted or imported by the two largest domestic brewing companies
 AB InBev and MillerCoors. The Company faces strong
competition from these two brewers as they introduce new domestic specialty brands to many markets and expand their efforts behind existing brands. Imported beers


 also continue to compete aggressively in the United States beer market. The Company anticipates competition among domestic craft brewers will remain strong
 as craft brewers experienced their
tenth successive year of growth in 2014 and there were many new startups. The Company estimates there are now approximately 5
200 craft breweries in operation or in the planning stages up from approximately 420 operating craft breweries in 2006.
Also
 existing craft breweries are building more capacity
 expanding geographically
 adding more SKUs and styles as Distributors and retailers are promoting and making more shelf space available for more craft beer brands. The continued growth in
the sales 
 




of craft-brewed domestic beers and in imported beers is expected to increase the competition in the Better Beer category within the United States beer market and
 as a result
 prices and market
The Company&#146;s products
 including its Twisted Tea and Angry Orchard
products
 also compete generally with other alcoholic beverages. The Company competes with other beer and beverage companies not only for drinker acceptance and loyalty
 but also for shelf
 cold box and tap space in retail establishments and for
marketing focus by the Company&#146;s Distributors and their customers
 all of which also distribute and sell other beers and alcoholic beverage products. Many of the Company&#146;s competitors
 including AB InBev
 MillerCoors
 Heineken and
Constellation Brands
 have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. Moreover
 the introduction of new products by competitors that compete directly with the Company&#146;s products or
that diminish the importance of the Company&#146;s products to retailers or Distributors may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. 

 the beer industry has seen continued consolidation among brewers in order to take advantage of cost savings opportunities for supplies
 distribution
and operations. Illustrative of this consolidation are the domestic joint venture between SABMiller and Molson Coors and the acquisition of Anheuser Busch by InBev
 both of which occurred in 2008
 the acquisition of FEMSA Cerveza by Heineken in
2010
 and the acquisition of Grupo Modelo by AB InBev in 2013. Due to the increased leverage that these combined operations will have
 the costs to the Company of competing could increase and the availability of contract brewing capacity could be
reduced. The potential also exists for these large competitors to increase their influence with their Distributors
 making it difficult for smaller brewers to maintain their market presence or enter new markets. These potential increases in the
number and availability of competing brands
 the costs to compete
 reductions in contract brewing capacity and decreases in distribution support and opportunities may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial
There Is No Assurance of Continued Growth. Conversely
 the Company May Not Be Able to Manage Demand for Its Products. 

 including
those markets that may be dominated by one or more regional or local craft breweries
 and by the increasing number of competitors in the craft beer and the Better Beer markets. The development of new products by the Company may lead to reduced sales
in the Company&#146;s other products
The Company&#146;s future growth may also be limited by its
ability to meet production goals and/or targets at the Company&#146;s owned breweries
 its ability to enter into new brewing contracts with third party-owned breweries on commercially acceptable terms
 disruption or operating performance issues at
the Company&#146;s owned breweries or limits on the availability of suitable production capacity at third party-owned breweries
 and its ability to obtain sufficient quantities of certain ingredients and packaging materials
 such as hops
 malt
cider ingredients and bottles
The Company has Significantly Increased its Product Offerings and Distribution Footprint
 which
The Company has significantly increased the number of its
commercially available beers
 FMBs and hard ciders that it produces.&nbsp;Since 2010
 the Company has introduced many new beers under the Samuel Adams brand name.&nbsp;During 2014
 the Company significantly increased distribution for both the
Twisted Tea and Angry Orchard brand families
 as well as adding more styles and packages.&nbsp;Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science currently has four brands
 including the Angel City Brewery brand and the Concrete Beach brand
 which include small breweries
and beer halls where beer is sold and consumed on premise.&nbsp;In addition
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science has plans to build a small brewery and beer hall in Brooklyn
 New York for its Coney Island brand during 2015. These additional

 




brands and breweries
 along with the increases in demand for existing brands
 have added to the complexity of the Company&#146;s beer and hard cider development process
 as well as its brewing
packaging
 marketing and selling processes. The Company does not have significant experience with managing this number of brands and products and has limited experience with integrating acquired brands or operating beer halls.&nbsp;There can be no
assurance that&nbsp;the Company&nbsp;will effectively manage such increased complexity
 without&nbsp;experiencing operating inefficiencies or control deficiencies.&nbsp;Such inefficiencies or deficiencies could have a material adverse effect on the
Unexpected Events at Company-Owned Breweries
 Reduced Availability of Breweries Owned by Others
Increased Complexity of the Company&#146;s Business
 or the Expansion Costs of the Company-Owned Breweries Could Have A Material Adverse Effect on the Company&#146;s Operations or Financial Results. 

 the Company pursued a production strategy that combined the capacity at its Cincinnati Brewery
 which was acquired in 1997 with significant
production arrangements at breweries owned by third parties. The brewing services arrangements with breweries owned by others allowed the Company to utilize their excess capacity
 providing the Company flexibility
 as well as cost advantages over
its competitors
 while maintaining full control over the brewing process for its beers. The Company purchased the Pennsylvania Brewery in June 2008. As a result of that acquisition and subsequent expansion of the Pennsylvania Brewery&#146;s capacity
and efficiency
 the volume of core brands brewed at Company-owned breweries increased and currently over 95% of the Company&#146;s volume is brewed and packaged at breweries that it owns. 

 the Company brewed its flagship beer
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
 at each of its three Samuel Adams breweries
 but at any particular time it may rely
on only one brewery for its products other than Samuel Adams Boston Lager. The Company expects to continue to brew most all of its core brands volume in 2015 at its Company-owned breweries. This reliance on its own breweries exposes the Company to
capacity constraints
 as these breweries are operating at or close to current capacity in peak months. Nevertheless
 management believes that it has alternatives available to it
 in the event that production at any of its brewing locations is
interrupted
 although as volumes at the Pennsylvania Brewery increases
 severe interruptions there would be problematic. In addition
 the Company may not be able to maintain its current economics if interruptions were to occur
 and could face
significant delays in starting replacement brewing locations. Potential interruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental action
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
 machinery failures
 operational shut downs or natural or unavoidable
The combination of the recent growth in the Company&#146;s business and product complexity
 its increased hiring of new employees
 and
greater reliance on its own breweries
 continues to heighten the challenges presented by the Company&#146;s operations. Beginning in the second half of 2013
 the Company had product shortages and service issues and the Company&#146;s supply chain
struggled under the increased volume and experienced increased operational and freight costs
 as it reacted. In 2013 and 2014
 the Company significantly increased its packaging capabilities and tank capacity to address these challenges. There can be
no assurance that the Company will effectively manage such increasing complexity without experiencing future planning failures
 operating inefficiencies
 insufficient employee training
 control deficiencies or other issues that could have a material
adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. The growth of the Company
 changes in operating procedures and increased complexity have required significant capital investment. The Company to date has not seen operating cost
The Company continues to avail itself of capacity at third-party breweries.
During 2014
 the Company brewed and/or packaged certain products under service contracts at facilities located in Latrobe
 Pennsylvania
 LaCrosse
 Wisconsin
 and Clifton Park
 New York. In selecting third party breweries for brewing services
arrangements
 the Company carefully weighs brewery&#146;s (i)&nbsp;capability of utilizing traditional brewing
 fermenting and finishing methods and (ii)&nbsp;first rate quality control capabilities throughout the production process. To the extent
that the Company needs to avail itself of third-party brewing services arrangement
 it exposes itself to higher than planned costs of operating under such contract arrangements than would apply at the Company-owned breweries

 




or an unexpected decline in the brewing capacity available to it
 either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. The use of such third
party facilities also creates higher logistical costs and uncertainty in the ability to deliver product to the Company&#146;s customers efficiently and on time. 

 the capacity and willingness of breweries owned by others where the Company could
brew some of its beers
 if necessary
 has become a more significant concern and
 thus
 there is no guarantee that the Company&#146;s brewing needs will be met. The Company continues to work with all of its contract brewers to attempt to minimize any
potential disruption. Nevertheless
 should an interruption occur
 the Company could experience temporary shortfalls in production and/or increased production or distribution costs and be required to make significant capital investments to secure
alternative capacity for certain brands and packages
 the combination of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. A simultaneous interruption at several of the Company&#146;s production
locations or an unexpected interruption at one of the Company-owned breweries would likely cause significant disruption
 increased costs and
 potentially
 lost sales. 
In
the United States
 where approximately 96% of its beer is sold
 the Company sells its beer to independent beer Distributors for distribution to retailers and
 ultimately
 to drinkers. Although the Company currently has arrangements with
approximately 350 wholesale Distributors
 sustained growth will require it to maintain such relationships and possibly enter into agreements with additional Distributors. Changes in control or ownership within the current distribution network could
lead to less support of the Company&#146;s products. No assurance can be given that the Company will be able to maintain its current distribution network or secure additional Distributors on terms favorable to the Company. 

notice. While these distribution agreements contain provisions giving the Company enforcement and termination rights
 some state laws prohibit the Company from exercising these contractual rights. The Company&#146;s ability to maintain its existing
distribution arrangements may be adversely affected by the fact that many of its Distributors are reliant on one of the major beer producers for a large percentage of their revenue and
 therefore
 they may be influenced by such producers. If the
Company&#146;s existing distribution agreements are terminated
 it may not be able to enter into new distribution agreements on substantially similar terms
 which may result in an increase in the costs of distribution. 


 the Company started the implementation of its Freshest Beer Program with domestic Distributors to reduce both the time and temperature the
Company&#146;s beers experience at Distributor warehouses before reaching the market. Historically
 Distributors carry three to five weeks of packaged inventory (usually at ambient temperatures) and three to four weeks of draft inventory. The
Company&#146;s goal is to reduce this through better on-time service
 forecasting
 production planning and cooperation with the Distributors. At December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company had 121 Distributors participating in the program at various stages
of inventory reduction. The Company has approximately 68% of its volume on the Freshest Beer Program and believes this could reach 72% to 78% by the end of 2015. The Company successfully reduced the inventories of participating Distributors by
approximately two weeks
 resulting in fresher beer being delivered to retail. The Freshest Beer Program has resulted in lower shipments of approximately 241
000
 212
000 and 103
000 case equivalents in 2012
 2013 and 2014 respectively as measured at
the end of the year by evaluating the year on year inventory reduction from the inventory levels that might otherwise have been expected. The ordering process has changed significantly for Distributors that participate in the Freshest Beer Program
and has resulted in a shorter period between order placement and shipment and posed much greater challenges for forecasting and production planning. Also
 
 




changes to the Distributor ordering process has increased the complexity of the Company&#146;s revenue recognition for shipments to Distributors that participate in the Freshest Beer Program.
It is possible that the Freshest Beer Program may not ultimately be successful; that its costs of implementation may exceed the value realized; or that
the outcome of such inventory reductions may prove detrimental to the Company&#146;s business trends and ability to execute at retail. The Company may encounter unexpected problems with forecasting
 accounting
 production and Distributor
cooperation. These issues may have and in the future could lead to shortages and out of stocks of the Company&#146;s products at the Distributor and retailer levels
 result in increased costs
 negatively impact Distributor relations
 and/or delay
Because the Company is still in the process of rolling out the Freshest Beer Program
 there
necessarily remain implementation and execution issues to be addressed. Additionally
 the Company has recently experienced growth rates significantly higher than planned and such growth places much greater stress on the Company&#146;s supply chain
given the lower inventories at Distributors. As a result
 the Company currently cannot predict the long-term success of this program
 the scope of its further implementation or the full extent of the costs or business impacts associated with the
program that might be incurred. Although the Company currently believes the program will
 in the long term
 be beneficial to its business
 there can be no assurances that this result will be achieved or
 if achieved
 to what extent. 

The Company is
Dependent on Key Suppliers
 Including Foreign Sources; Its Dependence on Foreign Sources Creates Foreign Currency Exposure for the Company; The Company&#146;s Use of Natural Ingredients Creates Weather and Crop Reliability and Excess Inventory
The Company purchases a substantial portion of the raw materials used in the brewing of its products
 including its
malt
 hops
 barley and other ingredients
 from a limited number of foreign and domestic suppliers. The Company purchased most of the malt used in the production of its beer from one major supplier during 2014. Nevertheless
 the Company believes that
there are other malt vendors available that are capable of supplying part of its needs. The Company is exposed to the quality of the barley crop each year
 and significant failure of a crop would adversely affect the Company&#146;s costs. The 2014
crop was well below norms in quality and quantity. Further years of poor crops could cause significant barley price increases and might create availability risks. 

taste and aroma properties and include Hallertau-Hallertauer
 Tettnang-Tettnanger
 Hersbruck-Hersbrucker and Spalt-Spalter from Germany and Saaz-Saazer from the Czech Republic. Noble hops are rare and more expensive than most other varieties of
hops. Traditional English hops
 namely
 East Kent Goldings and English Fuggles
 and/or United States hops are used in most of the Company&#146;s ales. The demand for hops grown in the United States has grown due to the success and growth of craft
brewers and the popularity of beer styles that include hops grown in the United States. Certain United States hops are in tight supply and prices have risen for both spot purchases and forward contract pricing
 accordingly. The Company enters into
purchase commitments with several hops dealers
 based on the Company&#146;s projected future volumes and brewing needs. The dealers then contract with farmers to meet the Company&#146;s needs. However
 the performance and availability of the hops
as with any agricultural product
 may be materially adversely affected by factors such as adverse weather or pests. Further
 the use of fertilizers and pesticides that do not conform to United States regulations
 the imposition of export/import
The Company attempts to
maintain up to a two years supply of essential hop varieties on-hand in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. The Company stores its hops in multiple cold storage warehouses 
 




to minimize the impact of a catastrophe at a single site. Hops and malt are agricultural products and therefore many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating out of hops or
barley to other crops
 government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture
The Company uses special
varieties of apples in its ciders that it believes are important for the ciders&#146; flavor profile. These apples are sourced primarily from European
United States and New Zealand suppliers and include bittersweet apples from France and New Zealand
and culinary apples from Italy and Washington State. There is limited availability of these apples and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating from apples to other crops
 government regulations and legislation affecting
agriculture
 could affect both price and supply. In 2012
 the Company experienced shortages of apples
 primarily due to growth in excess of that planned
 that impacted the timing of shipments of its hard ciders to Distributors. During 2013 and 2014
the Company did not experience any shortage of apples. The Company has entered into contracts to cover its expected needs for 2015 and expects to realize full delivery against these contracts. 

 the Company has not experienced material difficulties in obtaining timely delivery from its suppliers
 although the
Company has had to pay significantly above historical prices to secure supplies when inventory and supply have been tight. Growth rates higher than planned or the introduction of new products requiring special ingredients could create demand for
ingredients greater than the Company can source. Although the Company believes that there are alternative sources available for some of the ingredients and packaging materials for its hard ciders
 there can be no assurance that the Company would be
able to acquire such ingredients or packaging materials from substitute sources on a timely or cost effective basis in the event that current suppliers could not adequately fulfill orders. The loss or significant reduction in the capability of a
supplier to support the Company&#146;s requirements could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect the Company&#146;s business and financial results
 until alternative supply arrangements were secured. 

 and therefore
 the Company is subject to the risk that
the Euro or Pound may fluctuate adversely against the U.S. dollar. The Company has
 as a practice
 not hedged this exposure
 although this practice is regularly reviewed. Significant adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may have a
material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. The cost of hops has greatly increased in recent years due to exchange rate changes and the rising market price of hops. The continuation of these trends will impact the
Company&#146;s product cost and potentially the Company&#146;s ability to meet the demand for its beers. The Company buys some other ingredients and capital equipment from foreign suppliers for which the Company also carries exposure to foreign
The Company&#146;s accounting policy for hops inventory and purchase commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve
to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#146;s expected future usage. The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 cancellation costs and
supply
 among others. Actual results may differ materially from management&#146;s estimates. The Company continues to manage inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment.
However
 changes in management&#146;s assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix and hops market conditions could result in future material losses. 


 such as shipping cases
 six-pack carriers
 glass and crowns. The
Company enters into limited-term supply agreements with certain vendors in order to receive preferential pricing. In 2014
 cans and labels were each supplied by single sources. Although the Company believes that alternative suppliers are available
the loss of any of the Company&#146;s packaging materials suppliers could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect the Company&#146;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position until alternative supply arrangements were secured. If
packaging costs continue to 
 




increase
 there is no guarantee that such costs can be fully passed along to drinkers through increased prices. The Company has entered into long-term supply agreements for certain packaging
materials that have shielded it from some cost increases. These contracts have varying lengths and terms and there is no guarantee that the economics of these contracts can be replicated at time of renewal. The Company&#146;s inability to preserve
The Company initiates bottle deposits in some
states and reuses glass bottles that are returned pursuant to certain state bottle recycling laws. The cost associated with reusing the glass varies. The Company believes that it benefits economically from cleaning and reusing these bottles
 which
result in a lower cost than purchasing new glass
 and that it benefits the environment by the reduction in landfill usage
 the reduction of usage of raw materials and the lower utility costs for reusing bottles versus producing new bottles. The
economics of using recycled glass varies based on the cost of collection
 sorting and handling
 retailer
 distributor and glass dealer behavior
 the availability of equipment and service providers that will clean bottles for reuse
 and may be
adversely affected by changes in state regulation. There is no guarantee that the current economics of using returned glass will continue
 or that the Company will continue its current used glass practices. 


 the Company has experienced significant variation in direct and indirect energy costs
 and energy costs could rise unpredictably.
Increased energy costs would result in higher transportation
 freight and other operating costs
 including increases in the cost of ingredients and supplies. The Company&#146;s future operating expenses and margins could be dependent on its ability
to manage the impact of such cost increases. If energy costs increase
 there is no guarantee that such costs can be fully passed along to drinkers through increased prices. 


 the Company has made
 and expects to continue to make
 significant advertising and promotional expenditures to enhance its
brands
 even though these expenditures may adversely affect the Company&#146;s results of operations in a particular quarter or even for the full year
 and may not result in increased sales. Variations in the levels of advertising and promotional
expenditures have in the past caused
 and are expected in the future to continue to cause
 variability in the Company&#146;s quarterly results of operations. While the Company attempts to invest only in effective advertising and promotional
expenditures
 it is difficult to correlate such investments with sales results
 and there is no guarantee that the Company&#146;s expenditures will be effective in building brand equity or growing long term sales. 
The Company&#146;s Operations are Subject to Certain Operating Hazards and There Is No Guarantee That Problems Will Not Develop That Could Harm the
The Company&#146;s operations are subject to certain hazards and liability risks faced by all brewers
 such as potential
contamination of ingredients or products by bacteria or other external agents that may be wrongfully or accidentally introduced into products or packaging. These could result in unexpected costs to the Company and
 in the case of a costly product
recall
 potentially serious damage to the Company&#146;s reputation for product quality
Changes in Tax
Environmental and Other Regulations or Failure to Comply with Existing Licensing
 Trade or Other Regulations Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company&#146;s Financial Condition. 

 state and local laws and regulations regarding such matters as licensing requirements
 trade and
pricing practices
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion and marketing practices
 relationships with Distributors
 environmental impact of operations and other matters. These laws and 
 




regulations are subject to frequent reevaluation
 varying interpretations and political debate
 and inquiries from governmental regulators charged with their enforcement. Failure to comply with
current or changes to existing laws and regulations relating to the Company&#146;s operations or in the payment of taxes or other fees could result in the loss
 revocation or suspension of the Company&#146;s licenses
 permits or approvals
 and could
have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company&#146;s business
Changes in Public
Attitudes and Drinker Tastes Could Harm the Company&#146;s Business. Regulatory Changes in Response to Public Attitudes Could Adversely Affect the Company&#146;s Business. 

 due to increasing public concern over
alcohol-related social problems
 including driving under the influence
 underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol
 including alcoholism. As an outgrowth of these concerns
 the possibility exists that advertising by beer
producers could be restricted
 that additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements might be imposed
 that further restrictions on the sale of alcohol might be imposed or that there may be renewed efforts to impose increased excise or other
The domestic beer industry
 other than Better Beers
 has experienced a slight decline in shipments over the last
ten years. The Company believes that this slower growth is due to both declining alcohol consumption per person in the population and increased competition from wine and spirits companies. If beer consumption in general were to come into disfavor
among domestic drinkers
 or if the domestic beer industry were subjected to significant additional governmental regulations
 the Company&#146;s business could be materially adversely affected. 

There Is No Guarantee that the Company Will not Face Litigation that Could Harm the
While the Company has from time to time in the past been involved in material litigation
 it is not currently a party to
any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. In general
 while the Company believes it conducts its business appropriately
in accordance with laws
 regulations and industry guidelines
 claims
 whether or not meritorious
 could be asserted against the Company that might adversely impact the Company&#146;s results. See 
below. 

 charter
amendments and by-law amendments and (2)&nbsp;elect a minority of the directors of the Company. Although not a matter of right
 the Class&nbsp;A stockholders also have been asked to vote on an advisory basis on executive compensation. Consequently
the election of a majority of the Company&#146;s directors and all other matters requiring stockholder approval are currently decided by C.&nbsp;James Koch
 Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company
 as the holder of 100% of the outstanding
shares of the Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock. As a result
 Mr.&nbsp;Koch is able to exercise substantial influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the composition of the board of directors
 approval of equity-based
and other executive compensation and other significant corporate and governance matters
 such as approval of the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm. This could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control
of the Company and makes most material transactions difficult or impossible to accomplish without the support of Mr.&nbsp;Koch. In addition
 Mr.&nbsp;Koch could transfer some shares of the Class B Common Stock to others
 which could impact the
nature of the control currently held by him as the sole holder of the Class B Common Stock. 
 



Impact of Changes in Drinker Attitudes on Brand Equity and Inherent Risk of Reliance on the Company&#146;s
There is no guarantee that the brand
equities that the Company has built in its brands will continue to appeal to drinkers. Changes in drinker attitudes or demands could adversely affect the strength of the brands and the revenue that is generated from that strength. It is possible
that the Company could react to such changes and reposition its brands
 but there is no certainty that the Company would be able to maintain volumes
 pricing power and profitability. It is also possible that marketing messages or other actions taken
by the Company could damage the brand equities as opposed to building them. If such damage should occur
 it could have a negative effect on the financial condition of the Company. 

 the founder and Chairman of the Company
 C. James Koch
 is an integral part of the Company&#146;s current Samuel
Adams brand message and the Company relies on the positive public perception of its founder. The role of Mr.&nbsp;Koch as founder
 brewer and leader of the Company is emphasized as part of the Company&#146;s brand communication and has appeal to
some drinkers. If Mr.&nbsp;Koch were not available to the Company to continue his active role
 his absence could negatively affect the strength of the Company&#146;s messaging and
 accordingly
 the Company&#146;s growth prospects. If this were to
occur
 the Company might need to adapt its strategy for communicating its key messages regarding its traditional brewing processes
 brewing heritage and quality. Any such change in the Company&#146;s messaging strategy might have a detrimental
The Company&#146;s Operating Results and Cash Flow May Be Adversely Affected by Unfavorable Economic
Volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets and economic conditions may directly or indirectly affect the
Company&#146;s performance and operating results in a variety of ways
 including: (a)&nbsp;prices for energy and agricultural products may rise faster than current estimates
 including increases resulting from currency fluctuations; (b)&nbsp;the
Company&#146;s key suppliers may not be able to fund their capital requirements
 resulting in disruption in the supplies of the Company&#146;s raw and packaging materials; (c)&nbsp;the credit risks of the Company&#146;s Distributors may increase;
(d)&nbsp;the impact of currency fluctuations on amounts owed to the Company by distributors that pay in foreign currencies; (e)&nbsp;the Company&#146;s credit facility
 or portion thereof
 may become unavailable at a time when needed by the Company
to meet critical needs; (f)&nbsp;overall beer consumption may decline; or (g)&nbsp;drinkers of the Company&#146;s beers may change their purchase preferences and frequency
 which might result in sales declines. 




The Company has not received any written comments from the staff of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) regarding the Company&#146;s periodic or current reports that (1)&nbsp;the Company believes are material
 (2)&nbsp;were issued not less than 180 days before the end of the Company&#146;s 2014
fiscal year
 and (3)&nbsp;remain unresolved. 



The Company maintains its principal corporate offices in approximately 42
400 square feet of
leased space located in Boston
 Massachusetts
 the term of which is set to expire in 2017. The Company also leases small offices in California and Vermont. 

 Massachusetts in approximately 37
000 square feet of leased space. The current term of the lease
The Company owns approximately 76 acres of land in Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania
 consisting of the two parcels on
which the Company&#146;s Pennsylvania Brewery is located. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 1&nbsp;million square feet of brewery and warehouse space. 
 




 Ohio
 on which the Company&#146;s Cincinnati
Brewery is located
 and leases
 with an option to purchase
 approximately 1 acre of land from the City of Cincinnati which abuts its property. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 128
500 square feet of brewery and warehouse
The Company leases approximately 48
650 square feet of space in Los Angeles
 California
 which houses a small brewery
 beer hall and tour center.
The Company leases approximately 11
365 square feet of space in Miami
 Florida
where the Company is in the process of building a small brewery
 beer hall and tour center. The current term of the lease for this facility will expire in 2023. 

500 square feet of space within the retail section of MCU Park in Brooklyn
 New York
The
Company owns 52.7 acres of vacant land in Freetown
 Massachusetts. In January 2015
 the Company entered into an agreement for the sale of this land
 with a closing to occur later in 2015
 subject to buyer due diligence and certain other conditions.
In February 2015
 the Company acquired approximately 62 acres of land in Montgomery
 New York
 consisting of an apple orchard and buildings thereon
 on
The Company believes that its facilities are adequate for its current needs and that suitable additional
space will be available on commercially acceptable terms as required. 



The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the
outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 








Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 2010 in each of the Company&#146;s stock (&#147;The Boston Beer Company
Inc.&#148;)
 the Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Index (&#147;S&amp;P 500 Index&#148;)
 the Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Beverage Index
 which consists of producers of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages (&#147;S&amp;P 500 Beverages
Index&#148;) and a custom peer group which consists of Molson Coors Brewing Company and 
 




Craft Brewers Alliance
 Inc. (formerly Redhook Ale Brewery
 Inc.)
 the two remaining U.S. publicly-traded brewing companies (&#147;Peer Group&#148;)
 for the five years ending December&nbsp;27
2014. 
















































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
















































































































































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.


































































































































































The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The Company&#146;s NYSE
symbol is SAM. For the fiscal periods indicated
 the high and low per share sales prices for the Class&nbsp;A 
 




Common Stock of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. as reported on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transaction Reporting System were as follows: 
















































































































There were 11
256 holders of record of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as of February&nbsp;20
 2015. Excluded
from the number of stockholders of record are stockholders who hold shares in &#147;nominee&#148; or &#147;street&#148; name. The closing price per share of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as of February&nbsp;20
 2015
 as reported under
the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transaction Reporting System
 was $313.39. 

 2014
 the Company had 22
700
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 9
525
473 were issued
and outstanding
 which includes 73
098 shares that are restricted for trading. The Class&nbsp;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&nbsp;as required by law
 (2)&nbsp;for the election of Class&nbsp;A Directors
 and (3)&nbsp;that the
approval of the holders of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is required for (a)&nbsp;future authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 (b)&nbsp;alterations of rights or terms of the
Class&nbsp;A or Class B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (c)&nbsp;certain other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&nbsp;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
other entities
 and (e)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets. 

 2014
 the Company had 4
200
000 authorized shares of Class B Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 3
617
355 shares were issued
and outstanding. The Class B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the right to (1)&nbsp;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors and (2)&nbsp;approve all (a)&nbsp;amendments to the Company&#146;s Articles of
Organization
 (b)&nbsp;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets and (d)&nbsp;equity-based and other executive compensation and other
significant corporate matters
 such as approval of the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm. The Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class B Common Stock is freely convertible into one
share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
As of February&nbsp;20
 2015
 C. James Koch
 the Company&#146;s Chairman
 was the
The holders of the Class&nbsp;A and Class B Common Stock
are entitled to dividends
 on a share-for-share basis
 only if and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company out of funds legally available for payment thereof. Since its inception
 the Company has not paid dividends and does not
currently anticipate paying dividends on its Class&nbsp;A or Class B Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 
 



 

 2014
 the Board of Directors of the Company increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program by
$25.0 million
 thereby increasing the limit from $325.0 million to $350.0 million. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 10.9&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an
During the twelve months ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company repurchased 31
338
shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as illustrated in the table below: 


































December&nbsp;29
 2013 to February&nbsp;1
 2014















471



February&nbsp;2
 2014 to March&nbsp;1
 2014















471



March&nbsp;2
 2014 to March&nbsp;29
 2014















471



March&nbsp;30
 2014 to May&nbsp;3
 2014















471



May&nbsp;4
 2014 to May&nbsp;31
 2014















471



June&nbsp;1
 2014 to June&nbsp;28
 2014















471



June&nbsp;29
 2014 to August&nbsp;2
 2014















471



August&nbsp;3
 2014 to August&nbsp;30
 2014















471



August&nbsp;31
 2014 to September&nbsp;27
 2014















471



September&nbsp;28
 2014 to November&nbsp;1
 2014















471



November&nbsp;2
 2014 to November&nbsp;29
 2014

















317



November&nbsp;30
 2014 to December&nbsp;27
 2014

















613







































613




















Of the shares that were purchased during the period
 1
864 shares represent repurchases of unvested investment shares issued
under the Investment Share Program of the Company&#146;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan. 
 


























































































































































































































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses






































































































































































































Other (expense) income
 net





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































In this Form 10-K and in other
documents incorporated herein
 as well as in oral statements made by the Company
 statements that are prefaced with the words &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;continue
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148;
&#147;project
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;designed
&#148; and similar expressions
 are intended to identify forward-looking statements regarding events
 conditions
 and financial trends that may affect the Company&#146;s future plans of
operations
 business strategy
 results of operations
 and financial position. These statements are based on the Company&#146;s current expectations and estimates as to prospective events and circumstances about which the Company can give no firm
assurance. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made
 and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as a 
 




prediction of actual future financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements
 like any forward-looking statements
 involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include the factors set forth above and the other information set forth in this Form 10-K. 
The Boston Beer Company is engaged in the
business of producing and selling alcohol beverages primarily in the domestic market and
 to a lesser extent
 in selected international markets. The Company&#146;s revenues are derived by selling its beers and hard ciders to Distributors
 who in
The Company&#146;s beers compete primarily in the Better Beer category
 which includes imported beers
and craft beers. This category has seen high single-digit compounded annual growth over the past ten years. Defining factors for Better Beer include superior quality
 image and taste
 supported by appropriate pricing. The Company believes that the
Better Beer category is positioned to increase market share
 as drinkers continue to trade up in taste and quality. The Company estimates that in 2014 the craft beer category grew approximately 19%
 the Better Beer category was up approximately 7%
and the total beer category was essentially flat. The Company believes that the Better Beer category is approximately 25% of United States beer consumption by volume. The Company also believes that significant opportunity to gain market share
continues to exist for the Better Beer category. Depletions or Distributor sales to retailers of the Company&#146;s beers
 hard ciders and flavored malt beverages
 increased approximately 22% in 2014 from the comparable 52 week period in the prior
Year-to-date depletions reported to
the Company for the 7 weeks ended February&nbsp;14
The
Company is targeting earnings per diluted share for 2015 of between $7.10 and $7.50
 but actual results could vary significantly from this target. The Company is currently planning that 2015 depletions and shipments growth will be between 8% and
12%. The Company is targeting national price increases of between 1% and 2%. Full-year 2015 gross margins are currently expected to be between 51% and 53%. The Company intends to increase advertising
 promotional and selling expenses by between $25
million and $35 million for the full year 2015
 which does not include any increases in freight costs for the shipment of products to its Distributors. The Company estimates increased investments of between $10 million and $15 million in existing
brands developed by Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
 which are included in the full year estimated increases in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Brand investments in the Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science brands could vary significantly from
current estimates. The Company intends to increase its investment in its brands in 2015 commensurate with the opportunities for growth that it sees
 but there is no guarantee that such increased investments will result in increased volumes. The
The Company is continuing to evaluate 2015 capital expenditures. Its current
estimates are between $80 million and $110 million
 consisting mostly of continued investments in the Company&#146;s breweries
 as well additional keg purchases in support of growth. These estimates include capital investments for existing
Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science projects of between $3 million and $5 million. The actual total amount spent on 2015 capital expenditures may well be different from these estimates. Based on information currently available
 the Company believes that its
Results of
Boston Beer&#146;s flagship product is Samuel Adams Boston Lager. For purposes of this discussion
 Boston Beer&#146;s &#147;core
brands&#148; or &#147;core products&#148; include all products sold under the Samuel Adams
 Twisted Tea
 Angry 
 




Orchard and various Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science trade names. &#147;Core products&#148; do not include the products brewed or packaged at the Company&#146;s brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the
&#147;Cincinnati Brewery&#148;) under a contract arrangement for a third party. Sales of such products are not significant to the Company&#146;s net revenues. 





































































































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses



















































































Interest income
 net













Other (expense) income
 net
































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 (52 weeks) Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;28
 2013 (52 weeks) 
Net revenue increased by $164.0 million
 or 22.2%
 to $903.0 million for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to $739.1
million for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
Total shipment volume of 4
103
000 barrels for
the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 includes shipments of core brands of 4
093
000 barrels and other shipments of 10
000 barrels. Shipment volume for core brands increased by 20.3% over comparable 2013 levels of 3
403
000 barrels
 due primarily to
increases in shipments of Angry Orchard
 Samuel Adams
Depletions
 or sales by Distributors to retailers
 of the
Company&#146;s core products for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 increased by approximately 22% compared to the prior year
 primarily due to increases in depletions of Angry Orchard
 Samuel Adams
 Twisted Tea and Traveler brand products. 
 The net revenue per barrel for core brands increased by 1.6% to $220.46 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
as compared to $216.94 per barrel for the comparable period in 2013
Significant
changes in the package mix could have a material effect on net revenue.&nbsp;The Company primarily packages its core brands in kegs
 bottles and cans.&nbsp;Assuming the same level of production
 a shift in the mix from bottles and cans to kegs would
effectively decrease revenue per barrel
 as the price per equivalent barrel is lower 
 




for kegs than for bottles and cans.&nbsp;The percentage of bottles and cans to total shipments increased by 1.1% to 77.0% of total shipments for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 as compared
to the year ended December&nbsp;28
 Gross profit for core products was $113.55 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
2014
 as compared to $113.03 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. Gross margin for core products was 51.5% for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to 52.1% for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. The increase in
gross profit per barrel of $0.52 is primarily due to an increase in net revenue per barrel
 partially offset by an increase in cost of goods sold per barrel. 

 2014
 as compared to $103.91 per barrel for the year ended
December&nbsp;28
 2013. The 2014 increase in cost of goods sold of $3.00 per barrel of core product is due to increased ingredients costs
 product mix effects and increases in brewery processing costs. 

promotional and selling expense line item. As such
 the Company&#146;s gross margins may not be comparable to other entities that classify costs related to distribution differently. 
Advertising
 promotional and selling. 
 promotional and selling expenses
 increased $42.8 million
 or 20.6%
 to $250.7 million for the year
ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to $207.9 million for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. The increase was primarily a result of increased media advertising of $14.0 million
 increased freight to Distributors of $12.3 million due to
higher volumes
 increased local marketing of $10.4 million
 increased costs for additional sales personnel and commissions of $8.9 million and increased point of sale of $3.7 million. 

 promotional and selling for core brands were 27.8% of net revenue
 or $61.25 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared
to 28.2% of net revenue
 or $61.10 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. The Company will invest in advertising and promotional campaigns that it believes are effective
 but there is no guarantee that such investment will generate
The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities in its Distributors&#146; markets
 and the Distributors make
contributions to the Company for such efforts. These amounts are included in the Company&#146;s statement of operations as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Historically
 contributions from Distributors for advertising and
promotional activities have amounted to between 2% and 4% of net sales. The Company may adjust its promotional efforts in the Distributors&#146; markets
 if changes occur in these promotional contribution arrangements
 depending on the industry and
General and administrative expenses increased by $3.6 million
 or 5.8%
 to $66.0 million for the
year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to $62.3 million for the comparable period in 2013. The increase was primarily due to increases in salary costs. 
 The Company incurred impairment charges of $1.8 million based upon its review of the carrying values of its property
plant and equipment
 primarily due to a $1.6 million change in the estimated fair value of machinery that is intended to be replaced in early 2015. 
 For the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 an aggregate of $6.9 million in stock-based compensation expense is
included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and general and administrative expenses. Stock compensation decreased by $461
000 in 2014 compared to 2013
 primarily due to decreased awards granted during 2014. 
The Company&#146;s effective tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 of 37.7% increased from the year ended
December&nbsp;28
 2013 rate of approximately 37.5%. This increase was primarily a result of a federal income tax audit settlement during 2013. 
 



Year Ended December&nbsp;28
 2013 (52 weeks) Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 (52 weeks)
Net revenue increased by $158.9 million
 or 27.4%
 to $739.1 million for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
 as compared to
$580.2 million for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
Total shipment volume of 3
416
000 barrels
for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013 includes shipments of core brands of 3
403
000 barrels and other shipments of 13
000 barrels. Shipment volume for core brands increased by 24.8% over comparable 2012 levels to 3
403
000 barrels
 due
primarily to increases in shipments of Angry Orchard
Depletions
 or sales by Distributors to retailers
 of
the Company&#146;s core products for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013 increased by approximately 23% compared to the prior year
 primarily due to increases in depletions of Angry Orchard
 Twisted Tea and Samuel Adams brand products. 
 The net revenue per barrel for core brands increased by 2.2% to $216.94 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
as compared to $212.37 per barrel for the comparable period in 2012
 due primarily to price increases and changes in product and package mix
 partially offset by $7.0 million of increased customer programs and incentive costs. 

 bottles and
cans.&nbsp;Assuming the same level of production
 a shift in the mix from bottles and cans to kegs would effectively decrease revenue per barrel
 as the price per equivalent barrel is lower for kegs than for bottles and cans.&nbsp;The percentage of
bottles and cans to total shipments increased by 2.4% to 75.9% of total shipments for the year ended December&nbsp;28
Gross
profit.
 2013
 as compared to $115.50 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012. Gross margin for core products was 52.1% for the year ended
December&nbsp;28
 2013
 as compared to 54.4% for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012. The decrease in gross profit per barrel of $2.47 is primarily due to an increase in cost of goods sold per barrel
 partially offset by an increase in net revenue
Cost of goods sold for core brands was $103.91 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
 as compared to $96.87 per barrel for the
year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012. The 2013 increase in cost of goods sold of $7.04 per barrel of core product is due to increased ingredients costs
 product mix effects and inefficiencies in the Company&#146;s operations resulting from the higher
The Company includes freight charges related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations to Distributor
locations in its advertising
 promotional and selling expense line item. As such
 the Company&#146;s gross margins may not be comparable to other entities that classify costs related to distribution differently. 
Advertising
 promotional and selling. 
 promotional and selling expenses
 which exclude 2013 customer programs and incentive costs of $13.4
million reported as reduction of revenues
 increased $38.6 million
 or 22.8%
 to $207.9 million for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
 as compared to $169.3 million for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012. The combined increase of $45.6
million in advertising promotional and selling and customer program and incentive costs was primarily a result of increased freight to Distributors of $14.0 million due to higher volumes and freight inefficiencies resulting from the higher than
expected growth
 and increased costs for additional sales personnel and commissions of $13.3 million
 increased local marketing of $8.0 million
 increased point of sale of $6.0 million and increased media advertising of $5.7 million. 

 promotional and selling for core brands were 28.2% of net revenue
 or $61.10 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
 as compared
to 29.2% of net revenue
 or $62.09 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012. The decrease in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses per barrel and as a percentage 
 




of net revenue is offset by an increase in customer programs and incentive. Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and customer programs and incentive costs combined are increasing at a
rate consistent with core shipment volume. The Company will invest in advertising and promotional campaigns that it believes are effective
 but there is no guarantee that such investment will generate sales growth. 
General and administrative expenses increased by $12.2 million
 or 24.2%
 to $62.3 million for the year ended
December&nbsp;28
 2013
 as compared to $50.2 million for the comparable period in 2012. The increase was primarily due to increases in salary and benefit costs
 and consulting expenses. 
 The Company incurred impairment charges of $1.6 million based upon its review of the carrying values of its property
plant and equipment
 primarily due to a $1.3 million change in the estimated fair value of land owned by the Company in Freetown
 Massachusetts. 
 For the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
 an aggregate of $7.3 million in stock-based compensation expense is
included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and general and administrative expenses. Stock compensation increased by $790
000 in 2013 compared to 2012
 primarily due to increased fair value of options and awards granted during 2013.
The Company&#146;s effective tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013 of 37.5%
decreased from the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 rate of approximately 37.7%. This decrease was primarily a result of the Company recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits due to a federal income tax audit settlement and the reinstatement
of the 2012 Federal Research and Development credit
 partially offset by an increase in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets due to the impairment charge on the Freetown land.
Cash increased to $76.4
million as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 from $49.5 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2013
 reflecting cash provided by operating activities and cash provided by financing activities that was partially offset by purchases of property
 plant and equipment.
Cash provided by or used in operating activities consists of net income
 adjusted for certain non-cash items
 such as depreciation and amortization
stock-based compensation expense and related excess tax benefit
 other non-cash items included in operating results
 and changes in operating assets and liabilities
 such as accounts receivable
 inventory
 accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

 non-cash items of $42.2 million
and a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of $8.3&nbsp;million. Cash provided by operating activities in 2013 totaled $100.0 million and primarily consisted of net income of $70.4 million
 and non-cash items of $41.6 million
 partially
The Company used $151.8 million in investing activities during 2014
 as
compared to $103.3 million during 2013. Investing activities primarily consisted of discretionary equipment purchases to increase capacity of the Company-owned breweries and the purchase of additional kegs. 

 as compared to $21.6 million used in financing activities during 2013. The $59.1 million
difference in financing cash flow in 2014 from 2013 is primarily due to a decrease in stock repurchases under the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program and an increase in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the related tax benefits.
During the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company repurchased approximately 29
500 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate
purchase price of $7.9 million. On October&nbsp;9
 2014
 the Board of Directors approved an increase of $25.0 million to the previously approved $325.0 million share buyback expenditure 
 




limit
 for a new limit of $350.0 million. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company had repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 10.9&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
From December&nbsp;28
 2014 through February&nbsp;20
 2015
 the Company repurchased 2
500 additional
shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for a total cost of $0.7 million. As of February&nbsp;20
 2015
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 10.9&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate
purchase price of $308.1 million. The Company has approximately $41.9 million remaining on the $350 million stock repurchase expenditure limit set by the Board of Directors. 

 2014 of $76.4 million
 along with future operating cash flow and the Company&#146;s unused
line of credit of $150.0 million
 will be sufficient to fund future cash requirements. The Company&#146;s $150.0 million credit facility has a term not scheduled to expire until March&nbsp;31
 2019. As of the date of this filing
 the Company was not
Critical
The discussion and analysis of the Company&#146;s financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated
financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances
 and material changes in these estimates
could occur in the future. The more judgmental estimates are summarized below. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that
the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the Company&#146;s estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 
Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on a first-in
 first-out basis
 or market value. The Company enters into multi-year purchase commitments in order to secure adequate supply of ingredients and packaging
 to brew and package its products.
Inventory on hand and under purchase commitments totaled approximately $163.4 million at December&nbsp;27
 2014. The Company&#146;s provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on management&#146;s estimates of forecasted usage of
inventories on hand and under contract. Forecasting usage involves significant judgments regarding future demand for the Company&#146;s various existing products and products under development as well as the potency and shelf-life of various
ingredients. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
Valuation of Long-Lived Assets
The Company&#146;s long-lived assets include property
 plant and equipment which are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. The carrying value
of property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 at December&nbsp;27
 2014 was $381.6 million. For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment losses
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the
Company&#146;s identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of impairment are present. Evaluations of whether indicators of impairment exist involve judgments regarding the current and future business environment and
the length of time the Company intends to use the asset. For all long-lived assets
 if an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such loss would be charged to expense in

 




the period the impairment is identified. Estimating the amount of impairment
 if any
 requires significant judgments including identification of potential impairments
 market comparison to
similar assets
 estimated cash flows to be generated by the asset
 discount rates
Revenue Recognition
Net revenue includes product sales
 less customer programs and incentives
 reserves for stale beer returns and excise taxes. The Company recognizes
revenue on product sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and
determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all conditions are met. 

 the Company
accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by Distributors. The Company credits approximately fifty percent of the Distributor&#146;s cost of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the Company or
destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical returns and knowledge of specific return transactions. Estimating this reserve involves significant judgments and estimates
 including comparability of
historical return trends to future trends
 lag time from date of sale to date of return
 and product mix of returns. Historically
 the cost of actual stale beer returns has been in line with established reserves
 however
 the cost could differ
materially from the estimated accrual which would impact revenue. 

 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the
alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as
reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50


totaled $52.4 million
 $40.4 million and $28.1 million in fiscal year 2014
 2013 and 2012
Customer promotional discount programs are
entered into with Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $28.5 million
 $23.1 million
 and $19.5 million
 respectively. The reimbursements for
discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. The agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&#146; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount. The
computation of the discount allowance requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have historically been in line
with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
Customer incentives and other payments are made
primarily to Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#146;s products may include
 but are not limited to
point-of-sale and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012 were
$23.9&nbsp;million
 $17.3 million
 and $8.6 million
 respectively. In fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of $18.7 million
 $13.4 million
 and $6.3 million respectively as reductions to net
revenue. Costs recognized in net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale
materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets. These 
 




costs are recorded as incurred
 generally when invoices are received; however certain estimates are required at period end. Estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each
In connection with its preparation of financial statements and
other financial reporting
 management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions regarding the amount and timing of expenditures resulting from these activities. Actual expenditures incurred could differ from management&#146;s estimates
and assumptions. 

 bottles and cans are shipped on pallets to
Distributors. Deposits held by the Company at December&nbsp;27
 2014 totaled approximately $19.7 million. Most all kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on the
kegs and pallets. The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods. The Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related deposits
has not been material to the financial statements. The Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets
held by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could differ from these estimates.
The Company accounts for
stock-based compensation in accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718
. Stock-based compensation was $6.9 million
 $7.3 million
 and $6.5
million in fiscal years 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. Various option-pricing models are used to calculate the fair value of options. All option-pricing models require the input of subjective assumptions. These assumptions include the estimated
volatility of the Company&#146;s common stock price over the expected term
 the expected dividend rate
 the estimated post-vesting forfeiture rate and expected exercise behavior. 

 an estimated pre-vesting forfeiture rate is applied in the recognition of the compensation charge. Periodically
 the Company grants
performance-based stock options
 related to which it only recognizes compensation expense if it is probable that performance targets will be met. Consequently
 at the end of each reporting period
 the Company estimates whether it is probable that
performance targets will be met. Changes in the subjective assumptions and estimates can materially affect the amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income. 
Income tax expense was $54.9 million
 $42.1
million and $36.0 million in fiscal years 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future
tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and tax basis of the Company&#146;s assets
 liabilities and carry-forwards such
as tax credits. In estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the extent deemed necessary when realization
The calculation of the Company&#146;s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of
complex tax regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by tax 
 




authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. The
Company records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax returns. Historically
 the valuation allowances and reserves for uncertain tax positions have been adequate to cover the related tax
The alcoholic
beverage industry is highly regulated at the federal
 state and local levels. The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#147;TTB&#148;) and the Justice Department&#146;s Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco
 Firearms and Explosives enforce laws under the
Federal Alcohol Administration Act. The TTB is responsible for administering and enforcing excise tax laws that directly affect the Company&#146;s results of operations. State and regulatory authorities have the ability to suspend or revoke the
Company&#146;s licenses and permits or impose substantial fines for violations. The Company has established strict policies
 procedures and guidelines in efforts to ensure compliance with all applicable state and federal laws. However
 the loss or
revocation of any existing license or permit could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. 

distribute similar products that have similar pricing and target drinkers. The Company believes that its pricing is appropriate given the quality and reputation of its core brands
 while realizing that economic pricing pressures may affect future
pricing levels. Certain major domestic brewers have also developed brands to compete within the Better Beer
 FMB and hard cider categories and have acquired interests in craft beers and hard cider makers
 or importation rights to foreign brands.
Import brewers and major domestic brewers are able to compete more aggressively than the Company
 as they have substantially greater resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. The Company anticipates craft beer
competition increasing as craft brewers have benefited from ten years of healthy growth and are looking to maintain these trends. The Company also increasingly competes with wine and spirits companies
 some of which have significantly greater
resources than the Company. This competitive environment may affect the Company&#146;s overall performance within the Better Beer category. As the market matures and the Better Beer category continues to consolidate
 the Company believes that
companies that are well-positioned in terms of brand equity
 marketing and distribution will have greater success than those who do not. With approximately 350 Distributors nationwide and the Company&#146;s sales force of approximately 410 people
 a
commitment to maintaining brand equity and the quality of its beer
The
The Potential Impact of Known Facts
 Commitments
 Events
and Uncertainties 

 the Company enters into
advance multi-year purchase commitments based on forecasted future hop requirements
During 2014
 the Company entered into several
hops future contracts in the normal course of business. The total value of the contracts entered into as of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 which are denominated in Euros
 British Pounds Sterling and U.S. Dollars
 was $34.2 million. The Company has no
forward exchange contracts in place as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and currently intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time of purchase. These contracts were deemed necessary in order to bring hop inventory levels and purchase
commitments into balance with the Company&#146;s current brewing volume and hop usage forecasts. In addition
 these contracts enable the Company to secure its position for future supply with hop vendors in the face of some competitive buying
activity. 
 




establishing a reserve for aged hops and to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed forecasted needs. The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
cancellation costs and supply
 among others. Actual results may differ materially from management&#146;s estimates. The Company continues to manage inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of hops on hand and
hops under commitment. However
 changes in management&#146;s assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix and hops market conditions could result in future material losses. 
The following table
presents contractual obligations as of December&nbsp;27
 2014: 



















































Hops
 barley and wheat
















































































































































































































































The Company had outstanding total non-cancelable purchase commitments of $171.0 million at December&nbsp;27
 2014. These
commitments are made up of hops
 barley and wheat of $53.6 million
 apples and other ingredients of $30.0 million
 advertising contracts of $28.2 million
 equipment and machinery of $26.4 million
 glass bottles of $22.1 million
 operating leases of
$7.3 million
The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion of its hops requirements. These
purchase contracts extend through crop year 2016 and specify both the quantities and prices
 mostly denominated in Euros
 to which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;27
 2014 totaled $34.2&nbsp;million
Currently
 the Company has entered into contracts for barley and wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts
include crop year 2014 and covers the Company&#146;s barley
 wheat
 and malt requirements for the majority of 2015. These purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;27
 2014 totaled $19.5&nbsp;million. On January&nbsp;7
 2015 the Company
The Company sources glass bottles pursuant to a Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor
Glass Container Corporation (&#147;Anchor&#148;)
 under which Anchor is the supplier of certain glass bottles for the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery and its Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the terms on which Anchor may
supply glass bottles to other breweries where the Company brews its beers. Under the agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal business
conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable to replace lost production capacity cancelled by the Company
 as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 totaled $22.1 million. 

 2014. Terms of these leases include
 in some
instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through 2021. 
 




 2014
 the Company brewed most all of its volume at Company-owned
breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has historically entered into various production arrangements with other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing
companies
 including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing company specifically for the Company&#146;s
beers at the brewing company&#146;s cost upon termination of the production arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
 which are not material to the
The Company&#146;s arrangements with other brewing companies require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of
brewery operations. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 there were no significant equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes to the Company&#146;s brewing strategy or existing production arrangements
 new production
relationships or the introduction of new products in the future may require the Company to purchase equipment to support the contract breweries&#146; operations. 
In May 2014
 the
Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an update to Accounting Standards Codification 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#147;ASC 606&#148;) that will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is
required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and
make more estimates than under the current guidance. This update to ASC 606 should be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the
financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment recorded in the retained earnings. This update to ASC 606 becomes effective and will be adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 

 2014. 




In the ordinary course of business
 the
Company is exposed to the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company does not enter into derivatives or other market risk sensitive instruments for the purpose of speculation or for trading purposes. Market risk sensitive
instruments include derivative financial instruments
 other financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments
 such as futures
 forwards
 swaps and options
 that are exposed to rate or price changes. 

&#148;
 and makes purchases of other
ingredients
 equipment and machinery denominated in foreign currencies. The cost of these commitments change as foreign exchange rates fluctuate. Currently
 it is not the Company&#146;s policy to hedge against foreign currency fluctuations. 

2014) or (ii)&nbsp;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.16% at December&nbsp;27
 2014) plus 0.45%
 and therefore
 subjects the Company to fluctuations in such rates. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company had no amounts outstanding under its current line
of credit. 
 



 

fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates could negatively impact future cash flows by approximately $4.5 million as of December&nbsp;27
 2014. 

 the actual impact on earnings due
to an adverse change in the respective rates could vary substantially from the amounts calculated above. 
 






REPORT OF
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. 

 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and
December&nbsp;28
 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. These financial statements are the
We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries at December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 in conformity with
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States)
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February&nbsp;24
/s/ Ernst &amp; Young
Boston
February&nbsp;24
 2015 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 

 except share data) 














December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28



































Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $144 and $160 as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
respectively

















































































Property
 plant and equipment
 net































































































































































Debt and capital lease obligations
 less current portion







































































Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value; 22
700
000 shares authorized; 9
452
375 and 8
785
343 issued and outstanding as of
December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 respectively









Class B Common Stock
 $.01 par value; 4
200
000 shares authorized; 3
617
355 and 3
962
355 issued and outstanding as of
December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 respectively





















Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax












































































 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 

 except per share data) 























December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28



December&nbsp;29


































































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses















































































































Other income (expense)
 net:



























Other expense
 net



























Total other expense
 net































































































































































































































































Other comprehensive income
 net of tax:


























































 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUSIDIARIES 
 
For the Years Ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
&nbsp;December&nbsp;28
 2013 and December&nbsp;29
 2012 










































Stock






Stock
&nbsp;Par





(Loss) Income









Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2011










































































Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894











































































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $75



































































Balance at December&nbsp;29
 2012










































































Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $5
282













































































































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $296



































































Balance at December&nbsp;28
 2013










































































Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $17
353













































































































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $455



































































Balance at December&nbsp;27
 2014









































































 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 























December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28



December&nbsp;29

















































































Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment






























































































































Prepaid expenses
 income tax receivable and other assets
































































































































Purchases of property
 plant and equipment














































Proceeds from disposal of property
 plant and equipment




















































































































































































































































































































































































Increase in accounts payable for purchase of property
 plant and equipment









































Property
 plant and equipment


























































 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
December&nbsp;27
 2014 
 

 Inc. and certain subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) are engaged in the business of selling alcohol beverages
throughout the United States and in selected international markets
 under the trade names &#147;The Boston Beer Company
&#148; &#147;Twisted Tea Brewing Company


LLC
 d/b/a Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science (&#147;A&amp;S&#148;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 sells beer under various trade names that is produced under its own license and the Company&#146;s licenses. In 2014
 sales from A&amp;S brands
are less than 2% of net revenues. 
 
The Company&#146;s
fiscal year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week period ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal periods of 2014
 2013 and 2012 consist of fifty-two weeks. 
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
The Company consists of two
operating segments that each produce and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company operating segment comprised of the Company&#146;s Samuel Adams


Company
 Angel City Brewing Company
 Concrete Beach Brewing Company
 and Coney Island Brewing Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They also sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to the same types of
customers in similar size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally fall under
the same regulatory environment. Since the operating segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they are aggregated for financial statements purposes. 
The preparation of the
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Cash and cash
equivalents at December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013 included cash on-hand and money market instruments that are highly liquid investments. 
 



 

historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with management&#146;s estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance after all
attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013 are adequate
 but actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance. 
Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company&#146;s cash and cash equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S. government agency corporate money market accounts. 

 importers or other agencies
(collectively referred to as &#147;Distributors&#148;). In 2014
 sales to foreign Distributors were approximately 4% of total sales. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized; however
 credit risk is minimized as a result of the
large and diverse nature of the Company&#146;s customer base. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends and other information. There were no
individual customer accounts receivable balances outstanding at December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013 that were in excess of 10% of the gross accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers represented more than 10%
of the Company&#146;s revenues during fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012. 

 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses at December&nbsp;27
2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013. The Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 820
(&#147;ASC&nbsp;820&#148;). The Company believes that the carrying amount of its cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of
these assets and liabilities. The Company is not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks arising from these financial assets and liabilities. 


 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing
materials and packaging
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Packaging
The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on management&#146;s estimates of forecasted usage of
inventories on hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the future.
The
computation of the excess inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company manages

 




inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments. The Company&#146;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#146;s expected future usage. 
Property
Property
 plant
and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and betterments that extend the life of the property are capitalized. Some of the Company&#146;s equipment is used by other brewing
companies to produce the Company&#146;s products under brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets as follows: 


















 or the term of the production agreement
 whichever is shorter








 or the remaining useful life of the building
 whichever is shorter


All kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&#146;s balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment of beer to
Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in the Company&#146;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is refunded to the
The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant
volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes
that this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&#146;s loss experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not been material to the financial
statements. In 2010
 the Company began estimating the physical count of kegs and pallets held by certain of its larger Distributors and the forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs and pallets. The Company uses internal records
 records
maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and
equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company decreased its liability for
refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation by $1.0 million
 $1.8 million and $1.8 million
 respectively. For the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable
deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation by $0.2 million
 $0.4 million and $0.4 million
 respectively. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 the Company&#146;s balance sheet includes $18.2
million and $17.9 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and pallets and $25.9 million and $18.7 million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation. 
 



 

brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &#147;Cincinnati Brewery&#148;) upon the completion of the acquisition in November 2000
 (ii)&nbsp;substantially all of the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel City Brewing Company
acquired by the Company in the first quarter of 2012
 (iii)&nbsp;substantially all of the assets of the Coney Island business and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing Company acquired by the Company in the third quarter of 2013. The Company
does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the fair value of its operating segments at the end of the third quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 the goodwill of the
Boston Beer Company operating segment amounted to $1.4 million. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013 the goodwill of the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment amounted to $2.3 million. 
Long-lived assets are recorded
at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#146;s identifiable
long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a
loss would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the Company may determine that shorter estimated useful
lives are more appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce earnings. 

(1)&nbsp;significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; (2)&nbsp;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the Company&#146;s overall business;
(3)&nbsp;underutilization of assets; and (4)&nbsp;discontinuance of products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
The Company provides for
deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial
statements or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than
enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the extent deemed necessary when realization of deferred tax assets appears unlikely. 

state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax
jurisdictions. In accordance with ASC Topic 740
 
 the Company records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax returns in accordance with that standard. 
 



 

which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax
expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. 

 less the distributor promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as discussed below in Customer
Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has
passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
conditions are met. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 the Company has deferred $6.0 million and $8.4 million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior to these dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and other
In certain circumstances and with the Company&#146;s approval
 the Company accepts
and destroys stale beer that is returned by Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty percent of the distributor&#146;s cost of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the Company or
destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue; however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company could differ from the estimated accrual. 
The following expenses are
included in cost of goods sold: raw material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs relating to quality
control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs. 
Costs incurred for the shipping of
products to customers are included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The Company incurred shipping costs of $62.6 million
 $50.3 million and $36.3 million in fiscal years 2014
2013 and 2012
 respectively. 

 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income: media advertising
costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales and sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments of finished goods from
manufacturing locations to distributor locations and point-of-sale items. Total advertising and sales promotional expenditures of $100.5&nbsp;million
 $81.0 million and $78.3 million were included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statements of income for fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
The Company conducts certain advertising and
promotional activities in its Distributors&#146; markets and the Distributors make contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are recorded as reductions to advertising
promotional and selling expenses. 
 



 

 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the
alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as
reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50


totaled $52.4 million
 $40.4 million and $28.1 million in fiscal year 2014
 2013 and 2012
Customer promotional discount programs are
entered into with Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $28.5 million
 $23.1 million
 and $19.5 million
 respectively. The reimbursements for
discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. Agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&#146; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation
of the discount allowance requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have historically been in line with
allowances recorded by the Company
 however
Customer incentives and other payments are made
primarily to Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#146;s products may include
 but are not limited to
point-of-sale and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012 were
$23.9&nbsp;million
 $17.3 million
 and $8.6 million
 respectively. In 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of $18.7 million
 $13.4 million and $6.3 million respectively as reductions to net revenue.
Costs recognized as reduction to net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale
materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets. 

salary and benefit expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for general and administrative employees
 and other general and administrative overhead costs. 
The Company accounts for
share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718
(&#147;ASC 718&#148;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on fair value.
Compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award (the requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of income is
based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a
lattice model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 stock option grant to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is considered to be a market-based award
and was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. See Note M for further discussion of the application of the
option-pricing models. 
 



 

by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive. 
In accordance with ASC
Topic 410

 
estimated.&nbsp;All accrued amounts are generally determined on an undiscounted basis.

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an update to Accounting Standards Codification 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(&#147;ASC 606&#148;) that will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected
consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. This update to ASC 606 should be applied retrospectively either to each prior
reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment in the retained earnings. This update to ASC 606 becomes effective and
will be adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 
 

 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 apple juice
other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on the first-in
 first-out basis
 or market. The Company&#146;s goal is to maintain on-hand a supply of approximately two years for essential hop varieties
 in order
to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. Inventories are generally classified as current assets. The Company classifies hops inventory in excess of two years of forecasted usage in other long term assets. The cost elements of work in
process and finished goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventories consisted of the following: 














December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28














































































































 



 
 















December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28









































































































E. Property
 Plant and Equipment 

 plant and equipment consisted of the following: 














December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28

















































































































































The Company recorded depreciation and amortization expense related to these assets of $34.8 million
 $25.7 million and $20.2
million in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 

 2013
and 2012
 the Company recorded impairment charges of $1.8 million
 $1.6 million
 and $0.1 million
 respectively
 based upon its review of the carrying values of its property
 plant and equipment. 
 

completion of the acquisitions. In the first quarter of 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel City Brewing Company. During the third quarter of 2013
 the Company acquired
substantially all of the assets of the Coney 
 




Island business and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing Company

 2014 (in
thousands): 


















December&nbsp;28






December&nbsp;27



Goodwill
 net















 
 















December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28




















Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements











Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses


















































































































































 
The Company has a
credit facility in place that provides for a $150.0 million revolving line of credit which has a term not scheduled to expire until March&nbsp;31
 2019. The Company may elect an interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility based on either
(i)&nbsp;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.25% at December&nbsp;27
 2014) or (ii)&nbsp;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.16% at December&nbsp;27
 2014) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the unused portion of the facility and
is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
 which are measured using earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (&#147;EBITDA&#148;) based ratios. The Company&#146;s EBITDA to interest expense ratio was 9
492 as of
December&nbsp;27
 2014
 compared to a minimum allowable ratio of 2.00 and the Company&#146;s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.00 as of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 compared to a maximum allowable ratio of 2.50. The Company was in compliance with
all covenants as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013. There were no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013. 

 the Company has agreed that it will not:
enter into any indebtedness or guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any sale and leaseback transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of significant assets without the lender&#146;s prior written consent
 make or
maintain any investments other than those permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions with affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business. In 
 




addition
 the credit agreement requires the Company to obtain prior written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock
or other equity interests with the exception of the following: (a)&nbsp;distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
(b)&nbsp;repurchase from former employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 issued under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and (c)&nbsp;redemption of shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of
Directors and payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock. Borrowings under the credit facility may be used for working capital
 capital expenditures and general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. In the event of a
default that has not been cured
Note
In June 2012
 the Company entered into a grant facility with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (the &#147;Commonwealth&#148;) for $770
000. The
purpose of the grant is to provide the Company funds to support economic development through the repaving of a parking lot and loading docks at its Pennsylvania Brewery. Under the terms of the grant
 the Company was required to fund this project
through a note arrangement
To fund the project
 the Company
entered into a term note arrangement with Bank of America N.A. in June 2012. The note is for approximately $628
000 and has a maturity date of December&nbsp;31
 2021. The interest rate for the note is fixed at an annual rate of 4.25%. Payments of
$77
000 are due annually beginning on December&nbsp;31
 2012
 which amount will be reimbursed to the Company by the Commonwealth. The note is secured by interest in a CD held by the bank totaling approximately $513
000 which is reduced each year
based on principal payments on the note; this amount is accounted for as restricted cash and is included in other assets on the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheet. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the balance of the note was $513
000. 
In October 2012
 the Company entered into
an agreement to lease equipment with a lease inception date of January&nbsp;4
 2013. The Company recorded the lease as a capital lease
 which resulted in $796
000 recorded as property
 plant
 and equipment. The amortization of the leased equipment
is included with depreciation expense in Note E. At December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the balance of the capital lease obligation was $70
000
 after payments of $726
000 as required by the agreement. 
 
 









































































































































































































































 



 










































State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
















































































































December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28




































































































































Property
 plant and equipment






















































































The Company&#146;s practice is to classify interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.
Interest and penalties included in the provision for income taxes amounted to $0.0 million
 $0.0 million and $0.1 million for fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Accrued interest and penalties amounted to $0.3 million and $0.3 million at
December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows: 









































































































Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013 are potential net
benefits of $0.3 million and $0.5 million
 respectively
 that would favorably impact the effective tax rate if 
 




recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and adjusted in the period in which new information about a tax position
In May 2013
 the Internal Revenue Service (the &#147;IRS&#148;) commenced an
examination of the Company&#146;s 2010 and 2011 consolidated corporate income tax returns. The examination was settled during the first quarter of 2014 and resulted in a net decrease of $0.2 million in unrecognized tax benefits. Additionally
 in
April 2014
 IRS commenced an examination of the Company&#146;s 2012 consolidated corporate income tax returns. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014 the examination has been settled and resulted in a net decrease of $0.1 million in unrecognized tax benefits.
The Company&#146;s state income tax returns remain subject to examination for three or four years depending on the state&#146;s statute of limitations.
The Company is being audited by one state as of December&nbsp;27
 2014. In addition
 the Company is generally obligated to report changes in taxable income arising from federal income tax audits. 

audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate the range of such possible changes. The Company does not expect that any potential changes would have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 

Prevention Act
 H.R. 5771
 being enacted after 2014 corporate estimated tax payments were due on December&nbsp;15
 2014. The Tax Increase Prevention Act allows the Company to claim accelerated tax depreciation on qualified property
 plant
 and
equipment additions
 and the research&nbsp;&amp; development tax credit on the 2014 federal corporate income tax return. As of this filing date
 the Company has applied with the IRS for a $17.2 million quick refund of overpayment of estimate tax
which the Company expects to receive during the first quarter 2015. 
 
The
Company had outstanding total non-cancelable purchase commitments of $171.0 million at December&nbsp;27
 2014. These commitments are made up of hops
 barley and wheat totaling $53.6 million
 apples and other ingredients of $30.0 million
 advertising
contracts of $28.2 million
 equipment and machinery of $26.4 million
 glass bottles of $22.1 million
 operating leases of $7.3 million
 and other commitments of $3.4 million. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 projected cash outflows under purchase
commitments for the remaining years under the contracts are as follows: 



















































Hops
 barley and wheat
















































































































































































































































The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend
through crop year 2016 and specify both the quantities and prices
 mostly denominated in Euros
 
 




to which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;27
 2014 totaled $34.2&nbsp;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The Company does not use
Currently
 the Company has
entered into contracts for barley and wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop year 2014 and cover the Company&#146;s barley
 wheat
 and malt requirements for the majority of 2015. These purchase commitments outstanding at
December&nbsp;27
 2014 totaled $19.5 million. On January&nbsp;7
The Company
sources glass bottles pursuant to a Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor Glass Container Corporation (&#147;Anchor&#148;)
 under which Anchor is the supplier of certain glass bottles for the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery and its
Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles to other breweries where the Company brews its beers. Under the agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments
that are based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable to replace lost production capacity
cancelled by the Company
 as of December&nbsp;27
The Company has various operating lease agreements in place for facilities
and equipment as of December&nbsp;27
 2014. Terms of these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through
2021. Aggregate rent expense was $3.2 million
 $2.7 million and $2.0 million in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
For the fiscal year ended
December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company brewed 95% of its core brands volume at Company-owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has historically entered into various production arrangements with other brewing companies.
Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all
unused raw materials purchased by the brewing company specifically for the Company&#146;s beers at the brewing company&#146;s cost upon termination of the production arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume requirements in
conjunction with certain production arrangements
The Company&#146;s arrangements with other
brewing companies require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery operations. As of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 there were no significant equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes to the
Company&#146;s brewing strategy or existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or the introduction of new products in the future may require the Company to purchase equipment to support the contract breweries&#146; operations.
The Company is currently not a
party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 
During the second quarter
of 2010
 the Company entered into an agreement with the City of Cincinnati (the &#147;City&#148;) to complete a remediation in accordance with a remediation plan on environmentally contaminated land to be purchased by the City which is adjacent to
Company-owned land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the &#147;Property&#148;).&nbsp;In the third quarter of 2010
 the City was awarded a Clean Ohio Revitalization Fund grant (&#147;CORF Grant&#148;) for the Property and will use these funds to complete
the purchase of the Property and will provide funds to the Company to remediate the contaminated land and demolish certain other buildings on adjacent parcels.&nbsp;The Company paid approximately $0.3 million to the City for an option to purchase
the Property after it has been fully remediated to enable potential future expansion at the Cincinnati Brewery
 which is included in 
 




property
 plant and equipment
 net
 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.&nbsp;In connection with these agreements
 the Company recorded a current liability and an equal and offsetting
other asset of approximately $2.6 million for the estimated total cleanup costs for which it is responsible under the remediation plan and the related CORF Grant
 respectively.&nbsp;Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company would not be
During the second quarter of
2012
 the Company entered into a second agreement with the City to complete a remediation in accordance with a remediation plan on environmentally contaminated land purchased by the Company which is also adjacent to Company-owned land at the
Cincinnati Brewery (the &#147;Second Property&#148;).&nbsp;The City was awarded a Clean Ohio Revitalization Fund grant (&#147;CORF II Grant&#148;) and provided funds to the Company to offset a portion of the purchase price of the Second Property
clean-up the contaminated land and buildings and to then demolish the buildings located on the Second Property.&nbsp;The Company paid approximately $0.3 million to purchase the Second Property
 which is included in property
 plant and equipment
net
 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.&nbsp;In connection with these arrangements
 the Company recorded a current liability and an equal and offsetting other asset of approximately $0.7 million for the estimated total acquisition and
cleanup costs for which it is responsible under the remediation plan and the related CORF II Grant
 respectively.&nbsp;Under the terms of the agreement with the City
 the Company would not be reimbursed by the City for any remediation cost above the
As of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company has a remaining amount of
$507
000 related to the CORF Grant recorded in other current assets. The Company accrues for environmental remediation-related activities for which commitments or cleanup plans have been developed and for which costs can be reasonably
estimated.&nbsp;All accrued amounts are generally determined in coordination with third-party experts on an undiscounted basis.&nbsp;Any additional remediation costs above the currently estimated costs will not
 in the opinion of management
 have a
material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
 

transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon
the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level&nbsp;1 measurements) and the
lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level&nbsp;3 measurements). 













 either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has
a specified (contractual) term
 a Level&nbsp;2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 






 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. 
 




been segregated into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date.&nbsp;The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized
in the table below (in thousands): 






















As of December&nbsp;27
 2014












































































As of December 28
 2013





















































The Company&#146;s cash equivalents listed above represent money market mutual fund securities and are classified within Level
1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices.&nbsp;The Company does not adjust the quoted market price for such financial instruments. 

 certificates of deposit
 receivables and payables are carried at their cost
 which approximates fair value
 because of their short-term nature.
Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below (in thousands): 






















As of December&nbsp;27
 2014










































































As of December 28
 2013


































 

 2013
 A&amp;S acquired substantially all of the assets of the Coney Island business (&#147;Coney Island&#148;) and
certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing Company for a preliminary aggregate purchase price of $2.9 million. Costs related to the acquisition of Coney Island were not significant and were expensed as incurred. 

 including valuation assessments of tangible and
intangible assets. The allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in thousands): 








Property
 plant and equipment































The Company has assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trade name and the related value is included in other assets in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill resulting from this acquisition is expected to be amortizable for tax purposes. The operating results of Coney Island since the acquisition date are included in the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial statements. 
 




 2012
 A&amp;S acquired substantially all of the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
Inc.
 d/b/a Angel City Brewing Company (&#147;Angel City&#148;) for an aggregate purchase price of $1.9 million. Costs related to the acquisition of Angel City were not significant and were expensed as incurred. 

 including valuation assessments of tangible and
intangible assets. The allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in thousands): 








Property
 plant and equipment






























The Company has assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trade name and the related value is included in other assets in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill resulting from this acquisition is expected to be amortizable for tax purposes. The operating results of Angel City since the acquisition date are included in the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial statements. 
 
The
Class&nbsp;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&nbsp;as required by law
 (2)&nbsp;for the election of Class&nbsp;A Directors
 and (3)&nbsp;that the approval of the holders of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is required for (a)&nbsp;certain
future authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 (b)&nbsp;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&nbsp;A or Class B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of
Organization of the Company
 (c)&nbsp;other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&nbsp;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and (e)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion
of the Company&#146;s assets. 

 including the right to (1)&nbsp;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors and
(2)&nbsp;approve all (a)&nbsp;amendments to the Company&#146;s Articles of Organization
 (b)&nbsp;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s
assets
 and (d)&nbsp;equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate matters. The Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class B Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of
Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 upon request of any Class&nbsp;B holder
All distributions with respect to the
Company&#146;s capital stock are restricted by the Company&#146;s credit agreement
 with the exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former employees
of non-vested investment shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock issued under the Company&#146;s equity incentive plan
 redemption of certain shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to its
holders of common stock. 

awards to employees
 and provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company
 based on recommendations
received from the 
 




Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors. In determining the quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation
Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the Company&#146;s compensation system and takes into account the position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the nature and value to the Company of his or her service and
accomplishments
 his or her present and potential contributions to the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems relevant. 

 but generally vest ratably over five-year
periods and
 with respect to certain options granted to members of senior management
 based on the Company&#146;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual term of stock options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors may grant options
that exceed the ten-year term. During fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company granted options to purchase 7
090
 40
925 and 42
600 shares
 respectively
 of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock to employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the 2014
option grants
 all shares relate to performance-based option grants. Of the 2013 option grants
 10
925 shares relate to performance-based option grants
 15
000 shares relate to a long-term performance-based option
 and 15
000 shares relate to
special long-term service-based retention stock options. Of the 2012 option grants
 11
100 shares relate to performance-based option grants and 31
500 shares relate to special long-term service-based retention stock options. The number of shares
On January&nbsp;1
 2015
 the
Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 18
723 shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a weighted average fair value of $130.43 per share
 of which 14
742 shares relate to performance-based option grants and 3
981
Restricted stock awards are also granted at the Board of Directors&#146; discretion.
During fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company granted 16
432
 11
987
 and 16
375 shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key employees
 most of which are service-based and generally vest ratably over service
The Equity Plan also has an investment share program which permits employees who have been with the Company for at least one year
to purchase shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock at a discount from current market value of 0% to 40%
 based on the employee&#146;s tenure with the Company. Investment shares vest ratably over service periods of five years. Participants may pay for
these shares either up front or through payroll deductions over an eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 employees elected to purchase an aggregate of 8
516
 12
894
 and 13
360 investment shares
On January&nbsp;1
 2015
 the Company granted 6
092 shares of restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key employees of which
5
402 shares vest ratably over service periods of five years and 690 shares vest ratably over service periods of three years. On January&nbsp;1
 2015
 employees elected to purchase 8
313 shares under the investment share program. 

 of which 0.8&nbsp;million shares were
available for grant as of December&nbsp;27
 2014. Shares reserved for issuance under cancelled employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases. The Company also
purchases unvested investment shares from employees who have left the Company; these shares are also returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases. 
The Company has a
stock option plan for non-employee directors of the Company (the &#147;Non-Employee Director Plan&#148;)
 pursuant to which each non-employee director of the Company is granted an option to purchase shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common
Stock upon election or re-election to the Board of Directors. Stock options 
 




issued to non-employee directors vest upon grant and have a maximum contractual term of ten years. During fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 6
696
9
864
 and 17
367 shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock to non-employee directors
The Company has reserved 550
000 shares
of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Plan
 of which 108
573 shares were available for grant as of December&nbsp;27
 2014. Cancelled non-employee directors&#146; stock options are returned to the reserve
under the Non-Employee Director Plan for future grants. 




































Outstanding at December&nbsp;28
 2013



679











































































































Outstanding at December&nbsp;27
 2014



380


































Exercisable at December&nbsp;27
 2014





































Vested and expected to vest at December&nbsp;27
 2014



331

































Of the total options outstanding at December&nbsp;27
 2014
 204
565 shares were performance-based options. 
On
January&nbsp;1
 2008
 the Company granted the Chief Executive Officer an option to purchase 753
864 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on January&nbsp;1
 2014
 at the rate of 20%&nbsp;per year.
The exercise price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by the aggregate change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after January&nbsp;1
 2008 through the close of business on the trading date next preceding each date on which the option is
exercised. The exercise price will not be less than $37.65 per share and the excess of the fair value of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock cannot exceed $70 per share over the exercise price. At December&nbsp;27
 2014 and
December&nbsp;28
 2013
 603
092 shares and 753
864 shares of the stock option remained outstanding
 respectively. If the outstanding shares at December&nbsp;27
 2014 were exercised on that date
 the exercise price would have been $225.74 per share.
If the outstanding shares at December&nbsp;28
 2013 were exercised on that date
 the exercise price would have been $172.10 per share. Reflected in the table above is the minimum exercise price of $37.65. The Company is accounting for this award as
a market-based award which was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing
model
 the Company calculated the weighted average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.7
 $1.0
 and $0.8
 million related to this option in the fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 
 



 

of income: 






































Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses











































































































As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair
values of stock options. The Company believes that the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is less effective than the binomial option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it assumes that volatility and interest rates are constant over the
life of the option. In addition
 the Company believes that the binomial option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair value of its stock awards
 as it takes into account historical employee exercise patterns based on changes in the
Company&#146;s stock price and other relevant variables. The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $106.81
 $60.99
 and $45.03 per share
 respectively
 as calculated using a binomial option-pricing
model. 

































































































Expected volatility is based on the Company&#146;s historical realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate represents the
implied yields available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual term of the option when using the binomial model. Expected dividend yield is 0% because the Company has not paid dividends in the past and currently has no
known intention to do so in the future. Exercise factor and discount for post-vesting restrictions are based on the Company&#146;s historical experience. 

The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in recognizing stock-based compensation expense
for awards that vest based on service conditions. For awards that vest subject to performance conditions
 compensation expense is recognized ratably for each tranche of the award over the performance period if it is probable that performance
Under ASC 718
 compensation expense is recognized less estimated forfeitures. Because most of the Company&#146;s equity awards
 each year
 the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to those awards


 the estimated forfeiture rate used was 5.3%. The forfeiture rate was based upon historical experience and the Company periodically reviews this rate to ensure proper projection of future
forfeitures. 
 




 2013 and 2012 was $3.8 million
 $4.7 million and $2.0
million
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $45.8 million
 $12.5 million and $20.9 million
 respectively. 

 2014
 there is $11.8 million of unrecognized compensation costs
 net of estimated forfeitures
related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements that are expected to vest. Such costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years. The following table summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based
compensation expense related to share-based arrangements existing as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 that are expected to vest (in thousands): 


































































In addition
 as of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 there were $0.5 million of unrecognized compensation costs associated with a
certain stock award with vesting requirements based on the achievement of various performance targets. Through December&nbsp;27
 2014
 $0.1 million of compensation expense was recognized for this performance-based award based on the portion of the
performance targets that the Company estimated to be probable. 






















Non-vested at December&nbsp;28
 2013





















































Non-vested at December&nbsp;27
 2014





















 2014
 the Board of Directors of the Company increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program by
$25.0 million
 thereby increasing the limit from $325.0 million to $350.0 million. 
 




 2014
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 10.9&nbsp;million
shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $307.4 million as follows: 




























Repurchased at December&nbsp;31
 2011



531






























Repurchased at December&nbsp;29
 2012



696






























Repurchased at December&nbsp;28
 2013



892






























Repurchased at December&nbsp;27
 2014



921


















 

 one of which covers substantially
all union employees
 and the other of which covers employees of a specific union
 and post-retirement medical benefits covering substantially all union employees. 
The Boston Beer Company 401(k)
Plan (the &#147;Boston Beer 401(k) Plan&#148;)
 which was established by the Company in 1993
 is a Company-sponsored defined contribution plan that covers a majority of the Company&#146;s non-union employees who are employed by Boston Beer
Corporation
 Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd.
 Samuel Adams Pennsylvania Brewery Company or A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC. All non-union employees of these entities are eligible to participate in the plan on the first day of the first month
after commencing employment or
 if later
 reaching age 21. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. After the sixth month of employment
 the Company matches each
participant&#146;s contribution. A maximum of 6% of compensation is taken into account in determining the amount of the match. The Company matches 100% of the first $1
000 of the eligible compensation participants contribute. Thereafter
 the Company
matches 50% of the eligible contribution. The Company&#146;s contributions to the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan amounted to $2.8 million and $2.4 million in fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The basic annual administrative fee for the Boston Beer
401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#146;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment Agreement
 up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available for paying
eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the payment of any additional fees related to the management of the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company. 
The defined contribution plan
 the
Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. 401(k) Plan for Represented Employees (the &#147;SABC 401(k) Plan&#148;)
 is a Company-sponsored plan. It was established in 1997 and is available to all union employees upon commencement of employment or
 if
later
 attaining age 21. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation to the SABC 401(k) Plan
 subject to IRS limitations. Effective July&nbsp;1
 2007
 the Company commenced making a non-elective contribution
for eligible employees who are members of what is now the Service Employees&#146; International Union
 Local 1
 Firemen&nbsp;&amp; Oilers Division (&#147;Local #1&#148;). Effective January&nbsp;1
 2012
 the Company commenced making a non-elective
contribution for eligible employees who are members of The International Union of Operating Engineers
 Local #20 (&#147;Local #20&#148;). Company contributions for fiscal 2014 and 2013 were insignificant. The basic annual administrative fee for the
SABC 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#146;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the 
 




Service Provider Payment Agreement up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available for paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company
The
defined benefit plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. Local Union No.&nbsp;1199 Pension Plan (the &#147;Local 1199 Pension Plan&#148;)
 is a Company-sponsored pension plan. It was established in 1991 and is open to all union employees who are
covered by the Company&#146;s collective bargaining agreement with Teamsters Local Union No.&nbsp;1199 (&#147;Local Union #1199&#148;) and who have completed 12 consecutive months of employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit is
determined based on years of service since July 1991. The Company made contributions of $162
000 in 2014 and no contributions in 2013. At December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 the unfunded projected pension benefits were not material to
The Company provides a supplement to eligible retirees from Local #20
 Local #1 and Local Union #1199 to assist
them with the cost of Medicare gap coverage after their retirement on account of age or permanent disability. To qualify for this benefit (collectively
 the &#147;Retiree Medical Plan&#148;)
 an employee must have worked for at least 20 years for
the Company or its predecessor at the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery
 must have been enrolled in the Company&#146;s comprehensive medical plan for at least 5 years before retirement and
 in the case of retirees from Local #20
 for at least 7 of
the last 10 years of their employment
 benefit obligation was determined using a discount rate of 4.0%
at December&nbsp;27
 2014 and 5.0% at December&nbsp;28
 2013 respectively
 and a 2.5% health care cost increase based on the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for the years 2014
 2013 and 2012. The effect of a 1% point increase and the effect of a 1%
point decrease in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic post-retirement health care benefit costs and the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for health care
In addition
 the comprehensive medical plans offered to currently employed members of Local&nbsp;#20 and Local Union
#1199 remain available to them should they retire after reaching age 57 (and before reaching age 65 in the case of a member of Local #20) with at least 20 years of service (if a Local #20 member) or 10 years of employment (if a Local Union #1199
member) with the Company or its predecessor at the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery. These eligible retirees may choose to continue to be covered under the Company&#146;s comprehensive medical plan
 subject to certain modifications applicable to
members of Local Union #1199
 until they reach the age when they are eligible for Medicare under the Social Security Act or (in the case of a Local #20 member) coverage under a comparable State health benefit plan. Eligible retirees pay 100% of the
cost of the coverage. 































December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28



December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28






































































































The Local 1199 Plan invests in a family of funds that are designed to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on
consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&#146; investment objectives.&nbsp;The fund-specific objectives vary and include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital
appreciation plus income and funds that invest in common stock of companies that cover a broad range of industries. The plan&#146;s investments are considered category1 assets in the fair value hierarchy and the fair values were determined by
reference to period end quoted market prices. 
 




asset mix of approximately 35% debt securities and 65% equity securities with assumed average annual returns of approximately 3% to 6% for debt securities and 8% to 12% for equity securities.&nbsp;It is assumed that the Local 1199 Plan&#146;s
investment portfolio will be adjusted periodically to maintain the targeted ratios of debt securities and equity securities.&nbsp;Additional consideration is given to the plan&#146;s historical returns as well as future long-range projections of
investment returns for each asset category. The assumed discount rate in estimating the pension obligation was 4.0% and 5.0% at December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 respectively. The increase in benefit obligation at end of fiscal year
is primarily due to a change in the mortality table used. At December&nbsp;27
 2014 the Company used the Society of Actuaries mortality table in estimating the benefit obligation while at December&nbsp;28
 2013 the Company used the IRS funding
The Local 1199 Plan&#146;s weighted-average asset allocations at the measurement dates by asset
category are as follows: 














December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28




















































Net
Income per Common Share &#151; Basic 



















December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28



December&nbsp;29





(in thousands
 except per share data)





































































































































































































































































































000 shares to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on February&nbsp;18
 2014
 100
000 shares to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on May&nbsp;7
 2014 and 110
000 shares to
Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on November&nbsp;4
 2014
 with the 52-week number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the period. 
 



 

 or (2)&nbsp;the two-class
method
The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net income
per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class B Common Stock into Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and using the two-class method for unvested participating shares: 


















Fifty-two weeks ended December&nbsp;27
 2014















(in thousands
 except per share data)




























































































































Fifty-two weeks ended December&nbsp;28
 2013















(in thousands
 except per share data)




























































































































Fifty-two weeks ended December&nbsp;29
 2012















(in thousands
 except per share data)









































































































Basic net income per common share for each share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is $6.96
 $5.47 and
$4.60 for the fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 as each share of Class&nbsp;A and Class B participates equally in earnings. Shares of Class B are convertible at any time into shares of Class&nbsp;A on a one-for-one basis at the option
of the stockholder. 
 




000
 15
000 and 271
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were
outstanding during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 but not included in computing diluted income per share because their effects were anti-dilutive. Additionally
 performance-based stock options to purchase 30
000
 40
000 and 60
000 shares
of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 but not included in computing dilutive income per share because the performance criteria of these stock options were not met as of December&nbsp;27
2014
&nbsp;December&nbsp;28
 2013 and December&nbsp;29
 2012
 respectively. Furthermore
 performance-based stock options to purchase 4
550 shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were not included in computing diluted income per share because the
performance criteria of these stock options were not met and the options were cancelled during the twelve months ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 respectively. 
 

defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement medical plan
 net of tax effect. Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial losses or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs. The
following table details the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for 2014
 2013
 and 2012 (in thousands): 













Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2011





Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes of $108





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($33)











Balance at December&nbsp;29
 2012





Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes of ($261)





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($35)











Balance at December&nbsp;28
 2013





Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes of $466





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($11)











Balance at December&nbsp;27
 2014






 

Company also maintains reserves against accounts receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses. 






























































































 






























































































































































































































































































































 

 December&nbsp;27
 2014
 and concluded that there was no
event of which management was aware that occurred after the balance sheet date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in the accompanying consolidated financial statements except for the purchase and sale agreement that the Company
entered into for the sale of vacant land in Freetown
 Massachusetts for $4 million
 with a closing date to occur later in 2015
 subject to buyer due diligence and certain other conditions and stock options and awards granted in January 2015 as
disclosed in Note M. 
 

 except in those fiscal years
in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&#146;s opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a
fair presentation of the information for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters. 











































December&nbsp;27



September&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



March&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;28



September&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



March&nbsp;30





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 













 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation
 the
Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in alerting them in a timely manner to material information required to be disclosed in the
Company&#146;s reports filed with or submitted to the SEC. 

 as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f). The Company&#146;s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company&#146;s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
The Company&#146;s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of
December&nbsp;27
 2014. In making this assessment
.
Based on its assessment
 the Company believes that
 as of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 

 2014 has been audited by Ernst&nbsp;&amp; Young LLP
an independent registered public accounting firm
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 



 

 Inc. 

 Inc. and subsidiaries&#146; internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 based on criteria
established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries&#146; management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December&nbsp;27
 2014
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries and our report dated February&nbsp;24
 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Boston
 Massachusetts 

 2015 
 



 

 2014 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 








Directors
In December 2002
 the Board of
Directors of the Company adopted a (i)&nbsp;Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer
 and (ii)&nbsp;Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was
amended effective August&nbsp;1
 2007 to provide for a third-party whistleblower hotline. These
 as well as the charters of each of the Board Committees
 are posted on the Company&#146;s website
 
 and are available in print
to any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be directed to the Investor Relations Department
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 MA 02210. The Company intends to disclose any amendment to
 or
waiver from
 a provision of its code of ethics that applies to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and that relates to any element of the Code of Ethics definition enumerated in Item&nbsp;406 of Regulation S-K by
The information required by Item&nbsp;10 is hereby incorporated by reference from
the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;27
 2015. 



The Information required by Item&nbsp;11 is hereby incorporated
by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;27
 2015. 




The
information required by Item&nbsp;12 with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting to be held on
May&nbsp;27
 2015. 



















Outstanding&nbsp;Options



Outstanding&nbsp;Options










380












































380


























 






Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The
information required by Item&nbsp;13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;27
 2015. 




The information required by Item&nbsp;14 is
hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;
27
 2015. 






























Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013





Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
&nbsp;
December&nbsp;28
 2013 and December&nbsp;29
 2012





Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
&nbsp;
December&nbsp;28
 2013 and December&nbsp;29
 2012





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
&nbsp;December&nbsp;
28
 2013 and December&nbsp;29
 2012












because they are inapplicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements
 or notes thereto
(b)
Exhibits 
















 dated June 2
 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q filed on August 10
 1998).







 dated November 17
 1995
 as amended August&nbsp;4
 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q filed on August&nbsp;10
 1998).














 Jr.
 effective December 1
 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement No.
33-96162).
 















 dated as of December
 1995
 among The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and the initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Form 10-K
 filed on April 1
 1996).







 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 as Borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank)
 effective as of July 1
 2002
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s 10-Q
 filed on August 13
 2002).







 2004 amending the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A. (successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank) and The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer
Corporation (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s 10-Q
 filed on November&nbsp;4
 2004).







 2007 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A.
 successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank
 and The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15
 2007).







 as borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as the lender
 effective as of March 10
 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6
 2008).







 Ltd. and Brown-Forman Distillery Company
 a division of Brown-Forman Corporation
 effective as of April 11
 2005 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s 10-Q filed
on May 5
 2005).







 2006
 as amended by Amendment dated April&nbsp;10
 2007 and effective August 31
 2006
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10
 2007).







 LLC and Boston Beer Corporation dated March 28
 2007 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10
 2007).







 2006 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11
 2006).







 entered into effective as of June 28
 2005 between Boston Beer Corporation and Martin F. Roper (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7
2005).







 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6
 2008).







 originally adopted in 1996 and amended and restated on October 19
 2004
 as amended on October 30
 2009
 effective as of January 1
 2010 (incorporated by reference to the
Company&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 28
 2009); amended and restated on December 12
 2012
 effective as of January 1
 2012.
 















 2014 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A.
 successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank
 and The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28
 2014).







 Inc. Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended on February 23
 1996
 December 20
 1997
 December 19
 2005
 December 19
 2006
 December 21
 2007
 October&nbsp;30
 2009
 October&nbsp;8
 2013 and October 8
2014.














 Inc. effective as of December 27
 2014.














 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002







 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002







 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002







 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002



















































 



 

 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 on this 24





 INC.








Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this report below. 

















 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Director




















/s/ Pearson C. Cummin
 III

 III











































 













 
THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. 

As Restated as of October&nbsp;8
 2014 
(a)
The purpose of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;
 which term for purposes of eligibility to participate shall include all of the affiliates of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 including Boston Beer Corporation
 a Massachusetts
corporation) Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;Plan&#148;) is to provide additional incentive for management and other employees of the Company
 selected for participation in the Plan
 to promote the growth and success of the Company&#146;s
business
 and to reward them for such growth and success
 by making available to them shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A [Limited Voting Rights] Common Stock ($0.01 par value) (&#147;Class A Stock&#148;). 

 1995. As adopted
 the Plan provided for Management Options
 Discretionary Options and
Investment Shares. The maximum number of shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#147;Class A Stock&#148;)
 originally authorized for issuance under the Plan was 1
687
500 shares. On October&nbsp;20
1997
 the Board of Directors of the Company (the &#147;Board&#148;) and the sole holder of the Company&#146;s outstanding Class B Common Stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#147;Class B Stock&#148;)
 amended the Plan to provide for an additional
1
000
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock and
 on December&nbsp;19
 1997
 the Board further amended the Plan to delete the provisions that had permitted the grant of Management Options at a per share exercise price of $0.01 and to provide
for a shift from the Board&#146;s Compensation Committee (the &#147;Compensation Committee&#148;) to the full Board authority to act under the Plan
 based on recommendations brought to it by the Compensation Committee. On December&nbsp;14
 2001
 the
Plan was amended to provide for an additional 1
000
(c) On December&nbsp;20
 2005
 the Board
further amended the Plan
 formally striking the discontinued Management Options provisions and inserting the Board&#146;s right to grant shares of restricted stock (&#147;Restricted Stock Grants&#148;). On December&nbsp;19
 2006
 the Board further
amended the Plan to provide for an additional 500
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock
 to change the method used in valuing shares of Class&nbsp;A stock for purposes of the Plan and to grant the Board discretion to waive eligibility
requirements in granting Discretionary Options and Restricted Stock Grants. On December&nbsp;21
 2007
 the Plan was amended to provide for an additional 1
000
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock. October&nbsp;30
 2009
 the Plan was amended
to provide for an additional 812
500 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock. On October&nbsp;8
 2013
 the vesting provisions with respect to Investment Shares were amended. On October&nbsp;8
 2014
 the Plan was restated to reflect formally certain
2. Shares Covered By the
Plan
000
000 shares
 subject to adjustment in accordance with Section&nbsp;11 of the Plan. Shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock which are the subject of
Restricted Stock Grants (as defined in Section&nbsp;5) or Discretionary Options (as defined in Section&nbsp;6) or Management Options granted under the Plan prior to its amendment on December&nbsp;19
 1997
 which lapse unexercised or Investment
Shares which do not become Vested Shares (as defined in Section&nbsp;7) and are repurchased by the Company pursuant to Section&nbsp;7(g)
 or which are redeemed by the Company pursuant to Section&nbsp;7(f) shall again be available for issuance
hereunder. The maximum number of such shares that may be granted hereunder to an individual recipient per calendar year shall not exceed 1
000
000. 
 


. The Plan shall be administered by the Board. In its sole
discretion
 the Board shall have the power to: 











 pursuant to Sections 5 and 6 of the Plan; 















 delegate to the Compensation Committee of the Board or one or more officers of the Company power to make and administer grants to different categories of employees of the Company (in
which case such delegatee(s) shall be considered the &#147;Board&#148; hereunder for purposes of such grants); and 






. Employees eligible to participate in the Plan (&#147;Eligible Employees&#148;) are those employees of the Company who:






 have been employed by the Company for at least one (1)&nbsp;year or whose earlier participation is approved
by the Board in connection with his or her becoming an employee; 











 have been recommended to the Board by the Board&#146;s Compensation Committee
 taking into account each prospective grantee&#146;s or optionee&#146;s
level of responsibility
 performance
 potential and such other considerations as the Board or such Committee deems appropriate. 
. The Compensation Committee
 subject to ratification by the Board and the holders of a majority of the Class
B Stock
 may
 from time to time
 grant to Eligible Employees shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock
 subject to such vesting criteria and other terms and conditions
 as the Board shall determine. Except as otherwise determined from time to time by the Board
in connection with specific Restricted Stock Grants
 Restricted Stock Grants shall vest over the period of five (5)&nbsp;years after the grant date at the rate of twenty percent (20%)&nbsp;of the shares covered thereby per year
 so long as the
recipient continues to be employed by the Company as of each vesting date. All Restricted Stock Grants shall be reflected in a restricted stock agreement
 setting forth the applicable vesting criteria
 terms and conditions
 and otherwise in a form
approved from time to time by the Board. 
 


 

 subject to ratification by the Board and the holders of a majority of the Class B Stock
 may also
 from time to
time
 grant to Eligible Employees (individually
 an Optionee and collectively
 &#147;Optionees&#148;) options (&#147;Discretionary Options&#148;) to acquire shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock (&#147;Option Shares&#148;)
 on such terms and conditions
including exercise price (which shall not be less than the fair market value of such shares as of the date of grant)
 as the Board shall determine. 

 each Discretionary Option
shall be set forth in an Option Agreement
 containing such terms and conditions as the Board in its discretion may from time to time require
 which shall include in any event the following terms
 conditions and restrictions: 






 the right to exercise each Discretionary Option shall vest over the period of five (5)&nbsp;years after the date on
which the Option was granted (the &#147;Option Date&#148;)
 at the rate of twenty percent (20%)&nbsp;of the Option Shares covered thereby per year
 so long as the Optionee continues to be employed by the Company as of each vesting date

that
 (2)&nbsp;the Board may tie exercisability to performance criteria determined by the Board in its discretion
 and (3)&nbsp;the Board may tie exercisability to compliance by
an Optionee with any applicable restrictive covenants. 





 each Discretionary Option shall terminate on the earlier to occur of the expiration of (1)&nbsp;ninety days after the Optionee ceases to be an employee of the Company
. The
performance measure(s) to be used for Restricted Stock Grants or Discretionary Options granted to senior executive employees that are designed to qualify for the performance-based compensation exception under Section&nbsp;162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 as amended shall be chosen from among: 















 but not limited to
 operating cash flow and free cash flow); 





























Performance measures may be set either at the
corporate level
 subsidiary level
 division level
 or business unit level. 

compensation (base salary and bonus
 if any) in whole shares (&#147;Investment Shares&#148;) of Class&nbsp;A Stock. The number of Investment Shares which can be purchased by 
 



each Participant will be computed by dividing 10% of the Participant&#146;s eligible compensation up to a maximum of $175
000 by the Investment Share Value (as defined in Section&nbsp;7(c)).
After a Participant has been employed by the Company for at least two (2)&nbsp;years
 Investment Shares will be issued at a discount from Investment Share Value based on length of service. The cost to the Participant will be the Investment Share
Value
 discounted
 if applicable
 according to the schedule in Section&nbsp;7(c). For each full year Investment Shares are held after issuance and the Participant remains employed with the Company
 twenty percent (20%)&nbsp;will become fully vested
except for those Participants who are age 64 or older
 for whom one hundred percent (100%)&nbsp;of the Investment Shares will become fully vested (&#147;Vested Shares&#148;). Investment Shares not yet vested shall cease to vest upon the termination
of a Participant&#146;s employment with the Company
 except as otherwise then determined by the Board
 unless such termination was because of death or disability
 whereupon such death or disability termination the Participant&#146;s unvested
Investment Shares shall vest. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 unvested Investment Shares outstanding at January&nbsp;1
 2014 shall also vest upon the Participant&#146;s attainment of age 65 while employed by the Company
 and Investment Shares issued
to a Participant on or after January&nbsp;1
 2014 who is age 64 or older shall vest on the first anniversary of issuance if the Participant is still then employed by the Company. 

or her most recent annual compensation (base salary and bonus
 if any) up to a maximum of $175
000
 divided by the applicable Discounted Investment Share Value then in effect under Section&nbsp;7(c)
 below. 

price at which shares of Class&nbsp;A stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange or on any other exchange on which such shares may be traded
 on the day next preceding the date of a Participant&#146;s investment in Investment Shares
 which
ordinarily shall be effective as of January&nbsp;1 in each applicable year. The issuance price for Investment Shares will be the &#147;Discounted Investment Share Value&#148;
 determined based on discounts from Investment Share Value
 keyed to each
Prior to 2 full years of employment
 there will be no discount 

 the discount will be 20% 

 the discount will be 30% 

 the discount will be 40% 
 earnings
including on the amount of taxable income realized by him or her by reason of the purchase of Investment Shares at Discounted Investment Share Value
 whether recognized at the time of purchase or upon vesting. 

 pursuant to an
Investment Share Escrow Agreement
(f) Each Participant who purchases Investment
Shares and who is not subject to the provisions of Section&nbsp;16(b) of the 1934 Act shall have the right at any time to cause the Company to redeem all
 but not less than all
 of the Investment Shares previously purchased by him or her but which
have not yet vested at a price equal to the lesser of (i)&nbsp;the Discounted Investment Share Value at which the Shares were issued and (ii)&nbsp;the Investment Share Value
 as of the date next preceding the date on which the Investment Shares are
tendered for redemption. 
 



holds Investment Shares
 the Company shall have the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem within ninety (90)&nbsp;days after such termination any or all of such Investment Shares which are not Vested Shares at a price
 payable in cash
 equal to
the lesser of (i)&nbsp;the Discounted Investment Share Value at which the Shares were issued and (ii)&nbsp;the Investment Share Value
 as of the date next preceding the date on which the Investment Shares are called for redemption. 
. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan
 the Company may delay the issuance of Option
Shares covered by the exercise of a Discretionary Option or any Restricted Stock Grant shares that have vested or Investment Shares which have become Vested Shares (in any case
 &#147;Shares&#148;) until one of the following conditions shall be
satisfied: 





 as now in force or hereafter amended; or 






 which opinion shall not be unreasonably conditioned or withheld
 that the issuance of such Shares is exempt from registration under applicable federal and state
securities acts
Moreover
 unless the Shares to be issued have been effectively registered under the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;Act&#148;)
 the Company shall be under no obligation to issue such Shares unless the person to whom the Shares are to be issued shall first give written representation to the Company
 satisfactory in
form and scope to the Company&#146;s counsel and upon which in the opinion of such counsel the Company may reasonably rely
 that he or she is acquiring the Shares to be issued to him or her as an investment and not with a view to or for sale in
connection with any distribution thereof in violation of the Act. The Company shall have no obligation
 contractual or otherwise
 to any person to register under any federal or state securities laws any Shares issued under the Plan to such person.
. All costs and expenses of the adoption and administration of the Plan shall be borne by the Company
 and
none of such expenses shall be charged to any recipient of a Restricted Stock Grant
10. No Contractual Right
to Participate and No Right to Continued Employment
 or his or her legal representatives or assigns
 or any other person claiming under or through him or her
 any
contractual or other right to participate in the benefits of the Plan. Nothing in the Plan and no action or grant thereunder shall be construed to constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding
 express or implied
 on the part of the
Company to employ or retain in its employ for any specific period of time any recipient of a Restricted Stock Grant
 Optionee or Participant. No Discretionary Option shall give to the recipient any rights as a stockholder in the Company or any
rights in any Option Shares
11. Dilution and Other
Adjustments
merger
 consolidation
 recapitalization
 reclassification
 stock split-up
 combination of shares
 or dividends payable in capital stock
 appropriate adjustment shall be made in the number and kind of shares which may be issued under the Plan and as
to which outstanding Discretionary Options or portions thereof then unexercised shall be exercisable
 to the end that the proportionate interest of the Optionee shall be maintained as before the 
 



occurrence of such event; such adjustment in outstanding Discretionary Options shall be made without change in the total price applicable to the unexercised portion of such Discretionary Options
. No right or interest under the Plan of
any Eligible Employee shall be assignable or transferable
 in whole or in part
 either directly or by operation of law or otherwise
 including
 but not by way of limitation
 execution
 levy
 garnishment
 attachment
 pledge
 bankruptcy or in any
other manner
 other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; and no such right or interest of any Eligible Employee shall be subject to any obligation or liability of such Eligible Employee. The Option shall be null and void and without
effect upon the bankruptcy of the Optionee or upon any attempted assignment or transfer
 except as hereinabove provided
 including without limitation any purported assignment
 whether voluntary or by operation of law
 pledge
 hypothecation or other
disposition contrary to the provisions hereof
 or levy of execution
 attachment
 trustee process or similar process
 whether legal or equitable
 upon the Option. 
. The Company shall have the right to deduct from amounts otherwise payable by the Company to any
recipient of a Restricted Stock Grant
 Optionee or Participant by way of salary or wages or otherwise
 any Federal
 state or local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to the exercise of a Discretionary Option granted under the Plan or
the purchase or vesting under the Plan of Investment Shares or shares subject to a Restricted Stock Grant which results in taxable income to the recipient of the Restricted Stock Grant
 Optionee or Participant. 
. The Board
 subject to the approval of the holders of a majority in interest of the
Company&#146;s issued and outstanding Class B Stock
 may at any time terminate
 extend
 or amend the Plan; provided
 however
 that termination or amendment of the Plan shall not
 without the consent of any person affected thereby
 modify or in any
way affect any Restricted Stock Grant or Discretionary Option granted
 or Investment Shares purchased
 prior to such termination or amendment. 
Approved by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee and by the sole holder of the Class B Common Stock of the Company
effective as of October&nbsp;8
 2014. 
 













 

The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. 
December&nbsp;27
A&amp;S Brewing
Collaborative LLC 
(a Massachusetts limited liability
Angry Orchard Cider Company
(a Delaware
(a
Boston Beer Corporation Canada
 Inc. 
Boston Brewing Company
 Inc.
Freetown Acquisition
Company
 LLC 

(a Delaware limited liability
Providence Street Associates
(an Ohio
SABC Realty
(an Ohio
(a Delaware
limited liability company) 













 








 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 





 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 






 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 





 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 






 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 






 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 





 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 






 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 and 






 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.; 

 2015
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 and the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of the Boston Beer Company
 Inc. for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. 
Boston
 Massachusetts 

 2015 













 

 Martin F. Roper
1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of The Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The registrant&#146;s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2015 

























 

 William F. Urich
1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of The Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The registrant&#146;s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2015 



























 

 Inc. 
18
U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Martin F. Roper
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code
 that this
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of
Date: February&nbsp;24
 2015 









A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 













 

 Inc. 
18
U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 William F. Urich
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code
 that this Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of
Date: February&nbsp;24
 2015 









A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and Sales Promotions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and entertainment
 expenses for the sales and sales support workforce
 promotional
 activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments of finished
 goods from manufacturing locations to distributor locations and
 point-of-sale items. Total advertising and sales promotional
 expenditures of $100.5&amp;#xA0;million
 $81.0 million and $78.3
 million were included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&amp;#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;J. Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Purchase Commitments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company had outstanding total non-cancelable purchase
 commitments of $171.0 million at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014. These
 commitments are made up of hops
 barley and wheat totaling $53.6
 million
 apples and other ingredients of $30.0 million
 advertising
 contracts of $28.2 million
 equipment and machinery of $26.4
 million
 glass bottles of $22.1 million
 operating leases of $7.3
 million
 and other commitments of $3.4 million. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 projected cash outflows under purchase
 commitments for the remaining years under the contracts are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payments Due by Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2018-2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Thereafter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Hops
 barley and wheat&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
623&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
045&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Apples and other ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;284&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equipment and machinery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Glass bottles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
014&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
424&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total contractual obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;170
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;140
039&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
295&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion
 of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend through
 crop year 2016 and specify both the quantities and prices
 mostly
 denominated in Euros
 to which the Company is committed. Hops
 purchase commitments outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 totaled
 $34.2&amp;#xA0;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The
 Company does not use forward currency exchange contracts and
 intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time
 of purchase.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Currently
 the Company has entered into contracts for barley and
 wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop year
 2014 and cover the Company&amp;#x2019;s barley
 wheat
 and malt
 requirements for the majority of 2015. These purchase commitments
 outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 totaled $19.5 million. On
 January&amp;#xA0;7
 2015 the Company entered into additional barley
 commitments of $1.5 million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company sources glass bottles pursuant to a Glass Bottle Supply
 Agreement with Anchor Glass Container Corporation
 (&amp;#x201C;Anchor&amp;#x201D;)
 under which Anchor is the supplier of
 certain glass bottles for the Company&amp;#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery
 and its Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the
 terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles to other breweries
 where the Company brews its beers. Under the agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments that are
 based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal
 business conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled. Minimum purchase
 commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable
 to replace lost production capacity cancelled by the Company
 as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 totaled $22.1 million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has various operating lease agreements in place for
 facilities and equipment as of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014. Terms of
 these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by
 lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through
 2021. Aggregate rent expense was $3.2 million
 $2.7 million and
 $2.0 million in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 For the fiscal year ended December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company
 brewed 95% of its core brands volume at Company-owned breweries. In
 the normal course of its business
 the Company has historically
 entered into various production arrangements with other brewing
 companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases
 the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw
 materials that are used in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes
 into fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all unused
 raw materials purchased by the brewing company specifically for the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s beers at the brewing company&amp;#x2019;s cost upon
 termination of the production arrangement. The Company is also
 obligated to meet annual volume requirements in conjunction with
 certain production arrangements
 which are not material to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s arrangements with other brewing companies
 require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery
 operations. As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 there were no significant
 equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing
 contracts. Changes to the Company&amp;#x2019;s brewing strategy or
 existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or
 the introduction of new products in the future may require the
 Company to purchase equipment to support the contract
 breweries&amp;#x2019; operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Litigation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened
 litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a
 material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results
 of its operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Environmental Matters&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 During the second quarter of 2010
 the Company entered into an
 agreement with the City of Cincinnati (the &amp;#x201C;City&amp;#x201D;) to
 complete a remediation in accordance with a remediation plan on
 environmentally contaminated land to be purchased by the City which
 is adjacent to Company-owned land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the
 &amp;#x201C;Property&amp;#x201D;).&amp;#xA0;In the third quarter of 2010
 the
 City was awarded a Clean Ohio Revitalization Fund grant
 (&amp;#x201C;CORF Grant&amp;#x201D;) for the Property and will use these
 funds to complete the purchase of the Property and will provide
 funds to the Company to remediate the contaminated land and
 demolish certain other buildings on adjacent parcels.&amp;#xA0;The
 Company paid approximately $0.3 million to the City for an option
 to purchase the Property after it has been fully remediated to
 enable potential future expansion at the Cincinnati Brewery
 which
 is included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheet.&amp;#xA0;In connection with
 these agreements
 the Company recorded a current liability and an
 equal and offsetting other asset of approximately $2.6 million for
 the estimated total cleanup costs for which it is responsible under
 the remediation plan and the related CORF Grant
 respectively.&amp;#xA0;Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company
 would not be reimbursed by the City for any remediation cost above
 the currently estimated cleanup cost of approximately $2.6
 million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the second quarter of 2012
 the Company entered into a
 second agreement with the City to complete a remediation in
 accordance with a remediation plan on environmentally contaminated
 land purchased by the Company which is also adjacent to
 Company-owned land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the &amp;#x201C;Second
 Property&amp;#x201D;).&amp;#xA0;The City was awarded a Clean Ohio
 Revitalization Fund grant (&amp;#x201C;CORF II Grant&amp;#x201D;) and
 provided funds to the Company to offset a portion of the purchase
 price of the Second Property
 clean-up the contaminated land and
 buildings and to then demolish the buildings located on the Second
 Property.&amp;#xA0;The Company paid approximately $0.3 million to
 purchase the Second Property
 which is included in property
 plant
 and equipment
 net
 in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheet.&amp;#xA0;In connection with these arrangements
 the Company
 recorded a current liability and an equal and offsetting other
 asset of approximately $0.7 million for the estimated total
 acquisition and cleanup costs for which it is responsible under the
 remediation plan and the related CORF II Grant
 respectively.&amp;#xA0;Under the terms of the agreement with the City
 the Company would not be reimbursed by the City for any remediation
 cost above the currently estimated acquisition and cleanup costs of
 approximately $0.7 million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company has a remaining amount of
 $507
000 related to the CORF Grant recorded in other current
 assets. The Company accrues for environmental remediation-related
 activities for which commitments or cleanup plans have been
 developed and for which costs can be reasonably estimated.&amp;#xA0;All
 accrued amounts are generally determined in coordination with
 third-party experts on an undiscounted basis.&amp;#xA0;Any additional
 remediation costs above the currently estimated costs will not
 in
 the opinion of management
 have a material adverse effect on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial position or results of
 operations.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 O. Net Income per Share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net Income per Common Share &amp;#x2014; Basic&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the two-class method:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allocation of net income for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;510&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock*&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Change in Class B Common Stock
 resulted from the conversion of 135
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on February&amp;#xA0;18
 2014
 100
000 shares to
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock on May&amp;#xA0;7
 2014 and 110
000 shares to
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock on November&amp;#xA0;4
 2014
 with the
 52-week number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the
 period.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net Income per Common Share &amp;#x2014; Diluted&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company calculates diluted net income per share for common
 stock using the more dilutive of (1)&amp;#xA0;the treasury stock
 method
 or (2)&amp;#xA0;the two-class method
 which assumes the
 participating securities are not exercised or converted.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class B Common
 Stock into Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock and using the two-class method
 for unvested participating shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share
 data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
253&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share
 data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;738&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share
 data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;639&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Basic net income per common share for each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is $6.96
 $5.47 and $4.60 for
 the fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 as each share
 of Class&amp;#xA0;A and Class B participates equally in earnings.
 Shares of Class B are convertible at any time into shares of
 Class&amp;#xA0;A on a one-for-one basis at the option of the
 stockholder.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Weighted average stock options to purchase 11
000
 15
000 and
 271
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock were outstanding during
 fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 but not included in
 computing diluted income per share because their effects were
 anti-dilutive. Additionally
 performance-based stock options to
 purchase 30
000
 40
000 and 60
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 but not included in computing dilutive income per
 share because the performance criteria of these stock options were
 not met as of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 respectively. Furthermore
 performance-based stock options to purchase 4
550 shares of
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock were not included in computing diluted
 income per share because the performance criteria of these stock
 options were not met and the options were cancelled during the
 twelve months ended December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at
 the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&amp;#x2019;s
 expected future usage.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in income tax contingencies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
 basis are summarized in the table below (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 Non-Employee Director Plan is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&amp;#xA0;Term&lt;br /&gt;
 in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
679
835&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
786&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(313
177&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87.08&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
380
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.11&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;331
820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;452
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;110
970&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested and expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
331
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;320
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.86&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercise factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount for post-vesting restrictions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the
 extent deemed necessary when realization of deferred tax assets
 appears unlikely.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The calculation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. In accordance with ASC Topic 740
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 the Company records estimated reserves for
 exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax
 returns in accordance with that standard.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Environmental Matters&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In accordance with ASC Topic 410
 &lt;i&gt;Asset Retirement and
 Environmental Obligations
&lt;/i&gt; the Company accrues for
 environmental remediation-related activities for which commitments
 or cleanup plans have been developed and for which costs can be
 reasonably estimated.&amp;#xA0;All accrued amounts are generally
 determined on an undiscounted basis.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;Inventories
 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw Materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;39
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;35
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work in process&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
449&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
091&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less portion in other long term assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&amp;#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&amp;#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&amp;#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&amp;#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&amp;#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;C. Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 apple
 juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at the
 lower of cost
 determined on the first-in
 first-out basis
 or
 market. The Company&amp;#x2019;s goal is to maintain on-hand a supply of
 approximately two years for essential hop varieties
 in order to
 limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. Inventories
 are generally classified as current assets. The Company classifies
 hops inventory in excess of two years of forecasted usage in other
 long term assets. The cost elements of work in process and finished
 goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and
 manufacturing overhead. Inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw Materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;39
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;35
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work in process&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
449&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
091&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less portion in other long term assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the two-class method:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allocation of net income for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;510&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock*&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Change in Class B Common Stock
 resulted from the conversion of 135
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on February&amp;#xA0;18
 2014
 100
000 shares to
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock on May&amp;#xA0;7
 2014 and 110
000 shares to
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock on November&amp;#xA0;4
 2014
 with the
 52-week number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the
 period.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
452&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
515&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
076&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
318&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts related to performance-based stock options included in
 total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
401&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;645&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company has deferred $6.0 million and
 $8.4 million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior to these
 dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In certain circumstances and with the Company&amp;#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&amp;#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Local 1199 Pension Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retiree Medical Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
227&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded Status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(662&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;G. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued deposits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
453&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
773&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
034&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
828&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued excise taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
667&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued sales and use tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
187&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
212&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued freight&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
265&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;828&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued stale beer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Environmental remediation costs (see Note J)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
230&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;F. Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the
 Company-owned breweries over the fair value of the net assets
 acquired upon the completion of the acquisitions. In the first
 quarter of 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of the
 assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel
 City Brewing Company. During the third quarter of 2013
 the Company
 acquired substantially all of the assets of the Coney Island
 business and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing
 Company&lt;b&gt;.&lt;/b&gt; A portion of the purchase price was allocated to
 goodwill. See Note L for details on this acquisition.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 projected cash outflows under
 purchase commitments for the remaining years under the contracts
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payments Due by Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2018-2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Thereafter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Hops
 barley and wheat&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
623&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
045&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Apples and other ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;284&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equipment and machinery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Glass bottles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
014&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
424&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total contractual obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;170
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;140
039&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
295&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued deposits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
453&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
773&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
034&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
828&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued excise taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
667&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued sales and use tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
187&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
212&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued freight&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
265&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;828&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued stale beer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Environmental remediation costs (see Note J)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
230&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;587&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the estimated future annual
 stock-based compensation expense related to share-based
 arrangements existing as of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 that are
 expected to vest (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;739&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
823&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Q. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=42%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discount Accrual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
285&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
072&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
340&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
773&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
072&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stale Beer Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
432&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
334&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income. The Company
 incurred shipping costs of $62.6 million
 $50.3 million and $36.3
 million in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 included cash on-hand and money market
 instruments that are highly liquid investments.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week
 period ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal periods
 of 2014
 2013 and 2012 consist of fifty-two weeks.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Goodwill is comprised of three items. It includes the excess of the
 purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired of
 (i)&amp;#xA0;the Company-owned brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the
 &amp;#x201C;Cincinnati Brewery&amp;#x201D;) upon the completion of the
 acquisition in November 2000
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;substantially all of the
 assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel
 City Brewing Company acquired by the Company in the first quarter
 of 2012
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;substantially all of the assets of the Coney
 Island business and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing
 Company acquired by the Company in the third quarter of 2013. The
 Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its operating segments at the end of the third
 quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if events or
 changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired.
 The Company has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company operating segment amounted to $1.4 million.
 As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 the
 goodwill of the A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment
 amounted to $2.3 million.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&amp;#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Kegs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production
 agreement
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or
 estimated useful life of the asset&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;15 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of
 the building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;S. Quarterly Results (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal quarters are consistently determined
 year to year and generally consist of 13 weeks
 except in those
 fiscal years in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last
 fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&amp;#x2019;s
 opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all
 adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
 for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters
 presented. The operating results for any quarter are not
 necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For Quarters Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Barrels sold&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;983&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;842&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;636&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;181
332&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;135
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;123
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;104
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
783&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
239&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
048&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
428&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
715&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.95&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.54&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;The following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) for 2014
 2013
 and 2012 (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&amp;#xA0;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&lt;br /&gt;
 Income (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $108&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($33)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(883&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($261)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($35)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($11)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=16%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:51.75pt; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Debt securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company has repurchased a
 cumulative total of approximately 10.9&amp;#xA0;million shares of its
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately $307.4 million as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
531
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;251
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165
192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
696
731&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
892
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
921
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;307
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;1
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to current year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to prior year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;L. Brewery Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 On August&amp;#xA0;26
 2013
 A&amp;amp;S acquired substantially all of the
 assets of the Coney Island business (&amp;#x201C;Coney Island&amp;#x201D;)
 and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing Company for a
 preliminary aggregate purchase price of $2.9 million. Costs related
 to the acquisition of Coney Island were not significant and were
 expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The allocation of the purchase price is based on management&amp;#x2019;s
 judgment after evaluating several factors
 including valuation
 assessments of tangible and intangible assets. The allocation of
 the purchase price is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets acquired and cash paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trade
 name and the related value is included in other assets in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill resulting from
 this acquisition is expected to be amortizable for tax purposes.
 The operating results of Coney Island since the acquisition date
 are included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;4
 2012
 A&amp;amp;S acquired substantially all of the
 assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel
 City Brewing Company (&amp;#x201C;Angel City&amp;#x201D;) for an aggregate
 purchase price of $1.9 million. Costs related to the acquisition of
 Angel City were not significant and were expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The allocation of the purchase price is based on management&amp;#x2019;s
 judgment after evaluating several factors
 including valuation
 assessments of tangible and intangible assets. The allocation of
 the purchase price is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;401&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets acquired and cash paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trade
 name and the related value is included in other assets in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill resulting from
 this acquisition is expected to be amortizable for tax purposes.
 The operating results of Angel City since the acquisition date are
 included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;H. Debt and Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Line of Credit&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company has a credit facility in place that provides for a
 $150.0 million revolving line of credit which has a term not
 scheduled to expire until March&amp;#xA0;31
 2019. The Company may
 elect an interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility
 based on either (i)&amp;#xA0;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.25% at
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014) or (ii)&amp;#xA0;the applicable LIBOR rate
 (0.16% at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an
 annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the unused portion of the
 facility and is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
 which are measured using earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (&amp;#x201C;EBITDA&amp;#x201D;) based ratios.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s EBITDA to interest expense ratio was 9
492 as
 of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 compared to a minimum allowable ratio of
 2.00 and the Company&amp;#x2019;s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was
 0.00 as of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 compared to a maximum allowable
 ratio of 2.50. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as
 of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013. There were no
 borrowings outstanding under the credit facility as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 There are also certain restrictive covenants set forth in the
 credit agreement. Pursuant to the negative covenants
 the Company
 has agreed that it will not: enter into any indebtedness or
 guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any
 sale and leaseback transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of
 significant assets without the lender&amp;#x2019;s prior written
 consent
 make or maintain any investments other than those
 permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions
 with affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business. In
 addition
 the credit agreement requires the Company to obtain prior
 written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or
 in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock or other
 equity interests with the exception of the following:
 (a)&amp;#xA0;distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The
 Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary
 of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
 (b)&amp;#xA0;repurchase from former
 employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock
 issued under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and
 (c)&amp;#xA0;redemption of shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock as
 approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to
 its holders of common stock. Borrowings under the credit facility
 may be used for working capital
 capital expenditures and general
 corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. In the
 event of a default that has not been cured
 the credit facility
 would terminate and any unpaid principal and accrued interest would
 become due and payable.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Note Payable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In June 2012
 the Company entered into a grant facility with the
 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (the &amp;#x201C;Commonwealth&amp;#x201D;) for
 $770
000. The purpose of the grant is to provide the Company funds
 to support economic development through the repaving of a parking
 lot and loading docks at its Pennsylvania Brewery. Under the terms
 of the grant
 the Company was required to fund this project through
 a note arrangement
 with the Commonwealth reimbursing the Company
 for its debt service over a 10-year period.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 To fund the project
 the Company entered into a term note
 arrangement with Bank of America N.A. in June 2012. The note is for
 approximately $628
000 and has a maturity date of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2021. The interest rate for the note is fixed at an annual rate of
 4.25%. Payments of $77
000 are due annually beginning on
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 which amount will be reimbursed to the
 Company by the Commonwealth. The note is secured by interest in a
 CD held by the bank totaling approximately $513
000 which is
 reduced each year based on principal payments on the note; this
 amount is accounted for as restricted cash and is included in other
 assets on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the balance of the note was $513
000.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Capital Lease&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In October 2012
 the Company entered into an agreement to lease
 equipment with a lease inception date of January&amp;#xA0;4
 2013. The
 Company recorded the lease as a capital lease
 which resulted in
 $796
000 recorded as property
 plant
 and equipment. The
 amortization of the leased equipment is included with depreciation
 expense in Note E. At December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the balance of the
 capital lease obligation was $70
000
 after payments of $726
000 as
 required by the agreement.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;I. Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;30
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;27
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;587&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in income tax contingencies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Significant components of the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
087&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
863&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
840&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
789&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
886&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
049&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61
057&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
080&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(695&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(62
832&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;(42
032&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;(26
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s practice is to classify interest and penalties
 related to income tax matters in income tax expense. Interest and
 penalties included in the provision for income taxes amounted to
 $0.0 million
 $0.0 million and $0.1 million for fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Accrued interest and penalties
 amounted to $0.3 million and $0.3 million at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;1
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to current year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to prior year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 are potential net
 benefits of $0.3 million and $0.5 million
 respectively
 that would
 favorably impact the effective tax rate if recognized. Unrecognized
 tax benefits are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
 consolidated balance sheets and adjusted in the period in which new
 information about a tax position becomes available or the final
 outcome differs from the amount recorded.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In May 2013
 the Internal Revenue Service (the &amp;#x201C;IRS&amp;#x201D;)
 commenced an examination of the Company&amp;#x2019;s 2010 and 2011
 consolidated corporate income tax returns. The examination was
 settled during the first quarter of 2014 and resulted in a net
 decrease of $0.2 million in unrecognized tax benefits.
 Additionally
 in April 2014
 IRS commenced an examination of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s 2012 consolidated corporate income tax returns. As
 of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 the examination has been settled and
 resulted in a net decrease of $0.1 million in unrecognized tax
 benefits.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s state income tax returns remain subject to
 examination for three or four years depending on the state&amp;#x2019;s
 statute of limitations. The Company is being audited by one state
 as of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014. In addition
 the Company is generally
 obligated to report changes in taxable income arising from federal
 income tax audits.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 It is reasonably possible that the Company&amp;#x2019;s unrecognized tax
 benefits may increase or decrease in 2015 if there is a completion
 of certain income tax audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate
 the range of such possible changes. The Company does not expect
 that any potential changes would have a material impact on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations or cash
 flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s short term income tax receivable of $21.3
 million in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is
 primarily due to the Tax Increase Prevention Act
 H.R. 5771
 being
 enacted after 2014 corporate estimated tax payments were due on
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2014. The Tax Increase Prevention Act allows the
 Company to claim accelerated tax depreciation on qualified
 property
 plant
 and equipment additions
 and the
 research&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; development tax credit on the 2014 federal
 corporate income tax return. As of this filing date
 the Company
 has applied with the IRS for a $17.2 million quick refund of
 overpayment of estimate tax
 which the Company expects to receive
 during the first quarter 2015.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;A. Organization and Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and certain subsidiaries (the
 &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D;) are engaged in the business of selling
 alcohol beverages throughout the United States and in selected
 international markets
 under the trade names &amp;#x201C;The Boston Beer
 Company
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;Twisted Tea Brewing Company
&amp;#x201D; and
 &amp;#x201C;Angry Orchard Cider Company.&amp;#x201D; The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Samuel Adams&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt; beers and Sam
 Adams Light&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt; are produced and
 sold under the trade name &amp;#x201C;The Boston Beer Company.&amp;#x201D;
 A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a Alchemy&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Science
 (&amp;#x201C;A&amp;amp;S&amp;#x201D;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 sells beer under various trade names that is produced under its own
 license and the Company&amp;#x2019;s licenses. In 2014
 sales from
 A&amp;amp;S brands are less than 2% of net revenues.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Significant components of the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
087&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
863&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
840&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
789&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
886&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
049&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61
057&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
080&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(695&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(62
832&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
032&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class B Common
 Stock into Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock and using the two-class method
 for unvested participating shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share
 data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
253&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share
 data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;738&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share
 data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;639&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In management&amp;#x2019;s opinion
 the following unaudited information
 includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring
 adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the information
 for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter
 are not necessarily indicative of results for any future
 quarters.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For Quarters Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (13&amp;#xA0;weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Barrels sold&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;983&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;842&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;636&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;181
332&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;135
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;123
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;104
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
783&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
239&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
048&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
428&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
715&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.95&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.54&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;B. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week
 period ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal periods
 of 2014
 2013 and 2012 consist of fifty-two weeks.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 Twisted Tea&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt; and Angry
 Orchard&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt; brands. The
 second is the A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment which
 is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company
 Angel City Brewing
 Company
 Concrete Beach Brewing Company
 and Coney Island Brewing
 Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They
 also sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to
 the same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar
 price points and through substantially the same channels of
 distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar
 production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally
 fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the operating
 segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they are
 aggregated for financial statements purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 included cash on-hand and money market
 instruments that are highly liquid investments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of wholesalers
 importers or
 other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &amp;#x201C;Distributors&amp;#x201D;). In 2014
 sales to foreign Distributors
 were approximately 4% of total sales. Receivables arising from
 these sales are not collateralized; however
 credit risk is
 minimized as a result of the large and diverse nature of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s customer base. The Company establishes an allowance
 for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit
 risk of specific customers
 historical trends and other
 information. There were no individual customer accounts receivable
 balances outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 that were in excess of 10% of the gross
 accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers
 represented more than 10% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues during
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and
 Disclosures&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#xA0;820&amp;#x201D;). The Company believes
 that the carrying amount of its cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts
 payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the
 short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is
 not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks
 arising from these financial assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at
 the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&amp;#x2019;s
 expected future usage.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&amp;#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Kegs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production
 agreement
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or
 estimated useful life of the asset&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;15 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of
 the building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Refundable Deposits on Kegs and Pallets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and such kegs and bottles are shipped on
 pallets to Distributors. All kegs and pallets are owned by the
 Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets
 at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the
 keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment of
 beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on
 the kegs and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and
 pallets to the Company
 the deposit is refunded to the
 Distributor.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&amp;#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. In
 2010
 the Company began estimating the physical count of kegs and
 pallets held by certain of its larger Distributors and the
 forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs and pallets. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.0 million
 $1.8 million and
 $1.8 million
 respectively. For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated
 depreciation by $0.2 million
 $0.4 million and $0.4 million
 respectively. As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheet includes $18.2 million and
 $17.9 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and
 pallets and $25.9 million and $18.7 million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Goodwill is comprised of three items. It includes the excess of the
 purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired of
 (i)&amp;#xA0;the Company-owned brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the
 &amp;#x201C;Cincinnati Brewery&amp;#x201D;) upon the completion of the
 acquisition in November 2000
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;substantially all of the
 assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel
 City Brewing Company acquired by the Company in the first quarter
 of 2012
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;substantially all of the assets of the Coney
 Island business and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing
 Company acquired by the Company in the third quarter of 2013. The
 Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its operating segments at the end of the third
 quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if events or
 changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired.
 The Company has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company operating segment amounted to $1.4 million.
 As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 the
 goodwill of the A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment
 amounted to $2.3 million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&amp;#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&amp;#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&amp;#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&amp;#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&amp;#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the
 extent deemed necessary when realization of deferred tax assets
 appears unlikely.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The calculation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. In accordance with ASC Topic 740
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 the Company records estimated reserves for
 exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax
 returns in accordance with that standard.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Excise Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &amp;#x201C;TTB&amp;#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company has deferred $6.0 million and
 $8.4 million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior to these
 dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In certain circumstances and with the Company&amp;#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&amp;#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income. The Company
 incurred shipping costs of $62.6 million
 $50.3 million and $36.3
 million in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and Sales Promotions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and entertainment
 expenses for the sales and sales support workforce
 promotional
 activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments of finished
 goods from manufacturing locations to distributor locations and
 point-of-sale items. Total advertising and sales promotional
 expenditures of $100.5&amp;#xA0;million
 $81.0 million and $78.3
 million were included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&amp;#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Programs and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
 ASC Topic 605-50
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition &amp;#x2014; Customer Payments
 and Incentives
&lt;/i&gt; based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts
 paid to customers totaled $52.4 million
 $40.4 million and $28.1
 million in fiscal year 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $28.5 million
 $23.1 million
 and $19.5
 million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to
 Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. Agreed-upon
 discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&amp;#x2019; sales to
 retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total
 discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance
 requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions
 that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities
 recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have
 historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 products may include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and
 merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional
 programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment.
 Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $23.9&amp;#xA0;million
 $17.3
 million
 and $8.6 million
 respectively. In 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of
 $18.7 million
 $13.4 million and $6.3 million respectively as
 reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized as reduction to net
 revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs
 recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include
 point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures
 in local markets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income:
 general and administrative salary and benefit expenses
 insurance
 costs
 professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for general and administrative
 employees
 and other general and administrative overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC 718&amp;#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of
 share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on
 fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during
 which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
 the award (the requisite service period). The amount of
 compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
 income is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and
 therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 stock
 option grant to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer
 which
 is considered to be a market-based award and was valued utilizing
 the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple
 potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on
 the most likely outcome. See Note M for further discussion of the
 application of the option-pricing models.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Environmental Matters&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In accordance with ASC Topic 410
 &lt;i&gt;Asset Retirement and
 Environmental Obligations
&lt;/i&gt; the Company accrues for
 environmental remediation-related activities for which commitments
 or cleanup plans have been developed and for which costs can be
 reasonably estimated.&amp;#xA0;All accrued amounts are generally
 determined on an undiscounted basis.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an
 update to Accounting Standards Codification 606 Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (&amp;#x201C;ASC 606&amp;#x201D;) that will
 supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this
 update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of
 promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects
 the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
 services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and
 make more estimates than under the current guidance. This update to
 ASC 606 should be applied retrospectively either to each prior
 reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to
 the most current reporting period presented in the financial
 statements with a cumulative effect adjustment in the retained
 earnings. This update to ASC 606 becomes effective and will be
 adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.
 Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently
 evaluating the impact of this update on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;R. Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after the balance
 sheet date
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 and concluded that there was no
 event of which management was aware that occurred after the balance
 sheet date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements except for the
 purchase and sale agreement that the Company entered into for the
 sale of vacant land in Freetown
 Massachusetts for $4 million
 with
 a closing date to occur later in 2015
 subject to buyer due
 diligence and certain other conditions and stock options and awards
 granted in January 2015 as disclosed in Note M.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 2014 and December 28


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;M. Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except
 (1)&amp;#xA0;as required by law
 (2)&amp;#xA0;for the election of
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Directors
 and (3)&amp;#xA0;that the approval of the
 holders of the Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock is required for
 (a)&amp;#xA0;certain future authorizations or issuances of additional
 securities which have rights senior to Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 (b)&amp;#xA0;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&amp;#xA0;A
 or Class B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of
 Organization of the Company
 (c)&amp;#xA0;other amendments of the
 Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&amp;#xA0;certain mergers
 or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and
 (e)&amp;#xA0;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Class B Common Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Class B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the
 right to (1)&amp;#xA0;elect a majority of the members of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors and (2)&amp;#xA0;approve all
 (a)&amp;#xA0;amendments to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Articles of
 Organization
 (b)&amp;#xA0;mergers or consolidations with
 or
 acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&amp;#xA0;sales or dispositions of
 any significant portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets
 and
 (d)&amp;#xA0;equity-based and other executive compensation and other
 significant corporate matters. The Company&amp;#x2019;s Class B Common
 Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class B Common Stock
 is freely convertible into one share of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 upon request of any Class&amp;#xA0;B holder
 and participates equally
 in earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 All distributions with respect to the Company&amp;#x2019;s capital stock
 are restricted by the Company&amp;#x2019;s credit agreement
 with the
 exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former employees of non-vested investment shares of
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock issued under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity
 incentive plan
 redemption of certain shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash
 dividends to its holders of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee Stock Compensation Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the
 &amp;#x201C;Equity Plan&amp;#x201D;) currently provides for the grant of
 discretionary options and restricted stock awards to employees
 and
 provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a
 discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The
 Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the
 Company
 based on recommendations received from the Compensation
 Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee
 consists of three independent directors. In determining the
 quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation
 Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s compensation system and takes into account the
 position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the
 nature and value to the Company of his or her service and
 accomplishments
 his or her present and potential contributions to
 the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the
 employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems
 relevant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Stock options and related vesting requirements and terms are
 granted at the Board of Directors&amp;#x2019; discretion
 but generally
 vest ratably over five-year periods and
 with respect to certain
 options granted to members of senior management
 based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual
 term of stock options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors
 may grant options that exceed the ten-year term. During fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company granted options to purchase 7
090
 40
925 and 42
600 shares
 respectively
 of its Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock to employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the 2014
 option grants
 all shares relate to performance-based option
 grants. Of the 2013 option grants
 10
925 shares relate to
 performance-based option grants
 15
000 shares relate to a
 long-term performance-based option
 and 15
000 shares relate to
 special long-term service-based retention stock options. Of the
 2012 option grants
 11
100 shares relate to performance-based
 option grants and 31
500 shares relate to special long-term
 service-based retention stock options. The number of shares that
 will vest under the performance-based options depends on the level
 of performance targets attained on various dates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2015
 the Company granted options to purchase an
 aggregate of 18
723 shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock with a weighted average fair value of $130.43 per
 share
 of which 14
742 shares relate to performance-based option
 grants and 3
981 relate to special long-term service-based
 retention stock options.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Restricted stock awards are also granted at the Board of
 Directors&amp;#x2019; discretion. During fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the
 Company granted 16
432
 11
987
 and 16
375 shares
 respectively
 of
 restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees
 most of which are service-based and generally vest
 ratably over service periods of five years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Equity Plan also has an investment share program which permits
 employees who have been with the Company for at least one year to
 purchase shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock at a discount from
 current market value of 0% to 40%
 based on the employee&amp;#x2019;s
 tenure with the Company. Investment shares vest ratably over
 service periods of five years. Participants may pay for these
 shares either up front or through payroll deductions over an
 eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 employees elected to purchase an aggregate of
 8
516
 12
894
 and 13
360 investment shares
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2015
 the Company granted 6
092 shares of
 restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees of which 5
402 shares vest ratably over service periods
 of five years and 690 shares vest ratably over service periods of
 three years. On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2015
 employees elected to purchase
 8
313 shares under the investment share program.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has reserved 6.0&amp;#xA0;million shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Equity Plan
 of which
 0.8&amp;#xA0;million shares were available for grant as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014. Shares reserved for issuance under
 cancelled employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are
 returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
 purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares
 from employees who have left the Company; these shares are also
 returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
 purchases.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Non-Employee Director Options&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company has a stock option plan for non-employee directors of
 the Company (the &amp;#x201C;Non-Employee Director Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to which each non-employee director of the Company is
 granted an option to purchase shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock upon election or re-election to the Board
 of Directors. Stock options issued to non-employee directors vest
 upon grant and have a maximum contractual term of ten years. During
 fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 the Company granted options to purchase
 an aggregate of 6
696
 9
864
 and 17
367 shares of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock to non-employee
 directors
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has reserved 550
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock for issuance pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Plan
 of
 which 108
573 shares were available for grant as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014. Cancelled non-employee directors&amp;#x2019;
 stock options are returned to the reserve under the Non-Employee
 Director Plan for future grants.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Option Activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 Non-Employee Director Plan is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&amp;#xA0;Term&lt;br /&gt;
 in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
679
835&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
786&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(313
177&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87.08&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
380
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.11&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;331
820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;452
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;110
970&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested and expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
331
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;320
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Of the total options outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 204
565
 shares were performance-based options.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock Option Grants to Chief Executive Officer&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2008
 the Company granted the Chief Executive
 Officer an option to purchase 753
864 shares of its Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014
 at the rate of 20%&amp;#xA0;per year. The
 exercise price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by the aggregate
 change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after January&amp;#xA0;1
 2008 through the close of business on the trading date next
 preceding each date on which the option is exercised. The exercise
 price will not be less than $37.65 per share and the excess of the
 fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock cannot
 exceed $70 per share over the exercise price. At December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 603
092 shares and 753
864 shares
 of the stock option remained outstanding
 respectively. If the
 outstanding shares at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 were exercised on that
 date
 the exercise price would have been $225.74 per share. If the
 outstanding shares at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 were exercised on that
 date
 the exercise price would have been $172.10 per share.
 Reflected in the table above is the minimum exercise price of
 $37.65. The Company is accounting for this award as a market-based
 award which was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing
 model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award
 and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under
 the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated
 the weighted average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded
 stock-based compensation expense of $0.7
 $1.0
 and $0.8
 million
 related to this option in the fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;3
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;3
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2
452&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
515&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
076&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
318&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts related to performance-based stock options included in
 total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
401&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;645&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as
 the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of
 stock options. The Company believes that the Black-Scholes
 option-pricing model is less effective than the binomial
 option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it assumes
 that volatility and interest rates are constant over the life of
 the option. In addition
 the Company believes that the binomial
 option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair value of its
 stock awards
 as it takes into account historical employee exercise
 patterns based on changes in the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock price and
 other relevant variables. The weighted-average fair value of stock
 options granted during 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $106.81
 $60.99
 and
 $45.03 per share
 respectively
 as calculated using a binomial
 option-pricing model.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.86&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercise factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount for post-vesting restrictions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Expected volatility is based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s historical
 realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate represents the
 implied yields available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield
 curve over the contractual term of the option when using the
 binomial model. Expected dividend yield is 0% because the Company
 has not paid dividends in the past and currently has no known
 intention to do so in the future. Exercise factor and discount for
 post-vesting restrictions are based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s traded stock price on the date of the grants. Fair
 value of investment shares is calculated using the binomial
 option-pricing model.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in
 recognizing stock-based compensation expense for awards that vest
 based on service conditions. For awards that vest subject to
 performance conditions
 compensation expense is recognized ratably
 for each tranche of the award over the performance period if it is
 probable that performance conditions will be met.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Under ASC 718
 compensation expense is recognized less estimated
 forfeitures. Because most of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity awards vest
 on January&amp;#xA0;1&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; each year
 the
 Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to
 those awards
 net of actual forfeitures. For equity awards that do
 not vest on January&amp;#xA0;1&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;
 the estimated
 forfeiture rate used was 5.3%. The forfeiture rate was based upon
 historical experience and the Company periodically reviews this
 rate to ensure proper projection of future forfeitures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The total fair value of options vested during 2014
 2013 and 2012
 was $3.8 million
 $4.7 million and $2.0 million
 respectively. The
 aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $45.8 million
 $12.5 million and $20.9 million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Based on equity awards outstanding as of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 there is $11.8 million of unrecognized compensation costs
 net of
 estimated forfeitures
 related to unvested share-based compensation
 arrangements that are expected to vest. Such costs are expected to
 be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years. The
 following table summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based
 compensation expense related to share-based arrangements existing
 as of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 that are expected to vest (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;739&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;11
823&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In addition
 as of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 there were $0.5 million
 of unrecognized compensation costs associated with a certain stock
 award with vesting requirements based on the achievement of various
 performance targets. Through December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 $0.1 million
 of compensation expense was recognized for this performance-based
 award based on the portion of the performance targets that the
 Company estimated to be probable.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Non-Vested Shares Activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67.34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53.82&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;103.52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;116.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock Repurchase Program&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 On October&amp;#xA0;9
 2014
 the Board of Directors of the Company
 increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Stock Repurchase Program by $25.0 million
 thereby increasing the
 limit from $325.0 million to $350.0 million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company has repurchased a
 cumulative total of approximately 10.9&amp;#xA0;million shares of its
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately $307.4 million as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
531
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;251
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165
192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
696
731&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
892
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
921
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;307
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;K. Fair Value Measures&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received
 to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
 The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy
 which
 prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels
 and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest
 level of input that is available and significant to the fair value
 measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 (Level&amp;#xA0;1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
 inputs (Level&amp;#xA0;3 measurements).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;
 Level&amp;#xA0;1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
 markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting
 entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;
 Level&amp;#xA0;2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included
 within Level&amp;#xA0;1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a
 specified (contractual) term
 a Level&amp;#xA0;2 input must be
 observable for substantially the full term of the asset or
 liability.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;
 Level&amp;#xA0;3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or
 liability in which there is little
 if any
 market activity for the
 asset or liability at the measurement date.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 All financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value
 on a recurring basis (at least annually) have been segregated into
 the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on
 the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement
 date.&amp;#xA0;The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis are summarized in the table below (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s cash equivalents listed above represent money
 market mutual fund securities and are classified within Level 1 of
 the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted
 market prices.&amp;#xA0;The Company does not adjust the quoted market
 price for such financial instruments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Cash
 certificates of deposit
 receivables and payables are carried
 at their cost
 which approximates fair value
 because of their
 short-term nature. Financial instruments not recorded at fair value
 in the consolidated financial statements are summarized in the
 table below (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an
 update to Accounting Standards Codification 606 Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (&amp;#x201C;ASC 606&amp;#x201D;) that will
 supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this
 update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of
 promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects
 the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
 services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and
 make more estimates than under the current guidance. This update to
 ASC 606 should be applied retrospectively either to each prior
 reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to
 the most current reporting period presented in the financial
 statements with a cumulative effect adjustment in the retained
 earnings. This update to ASC 606 becomes effective and will be
 adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.
 Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently
 evaluating the impact of this update on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;N. Employee Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Benefit
 Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company has one retirement plan covering substantially all
 non-union employees; two retirement plans
 one of which covers
 substantially all union employees
 and the other of which covers
 employees of a specific union
 and post-retirement medical benefits
 covering substantially all union employees.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Non-Union Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Boston Beer Company 401(k) Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Boston Beer 401(k)
 Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 which was established by the Company in 1993
 is a
 Company-sponsored defined contribution plan that covers a majority
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s non-union employees who are employed by
 Boston Beer Corporation
 Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd.
 Samuel
 Adams Pennsylvania Brewery Company or A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative
 LLC. All non-union employees of these entities are eligible to
 participate in the plan on the first day of the first month after
 commencing employment or
 if later
 reaching age 21. Participants
 may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual
 compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. After the sixth month of
 employment
 the Company matches each participant&amp;#x2019;s
 contribution. A maximum of 6% of compensation is taken into account
 in determining the amount of the match. The Company matches 100% of
 the first $1
000 of the eligible compensation participants
 contribute. Thereafter
 the Company matches 50% of the eligible
 contribution. The Company&amp;#x2019;s contributions to the Boston Beer
 401(k) Plan amounted to $2.8 million and $2.4 million in fiscal
 years 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The basic annual administrative
 fee for the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&amp;#x2019;s
 investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider
 Payment Agreement
 up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied
 by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available
 for paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for
 the payment of any additional fees related to the management of the
 Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the
 Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Union Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The defined contribution plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. 401(k) Plan for Represented Employees (the &amp;#x201C;SABC 401(k)
 Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 is a Company-sponsored plan. It was established in
 1997 and is available to all union employees upon commencement of
 employment or
 if later
 attaining age 21. Participants may make
 voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation to
 the SABC 401(k) Plan
 subject to IRS limitations. Effective
 July&amp;#xA0;1
 2007
 the Company commenced making a non-elective
 contribution for eligible employees who are members of what is now
 the Service Employees&amp;#x2019; International Union
 Local 1
 Firemen&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Oilers Division (&amp;#x201C;Local #1&amp;#x201D;).
 Effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012
 the Company commenced making a
 non-elective contribution for eligible employees who are members of
 The International Union of Operating Engineers
 Local #20
 (&amp;#x201C;Local #20&amp;#x201D;). Company contributions for fiscal 2014
 and 2013 were insignificant. The basic annual administrative fee
 for the SABC 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&amp;#x2019;s investment
 fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment
 Agreement up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the
 total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available for
 paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the
 payment of any additional fees related to the management of the
 SABC 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The defined benefit plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd.
 Local Union No.&amp;#xA0;1199 Pension Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Local 1199
 Pension Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 is a Company-sponsored pension plan. It was
 established in 1991 and is open to all union employees who are
 covered by the Company&amp;#x2019;s collective bargaining agreement with
 Teamsters Local Union No.&amp;#xA0;1199 (&amp;#x201C;Local Union
 #1199&amp;#x201D;) and who have completed 12 consecutive months of
 employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit is
 determined based on years of service since July 1991. The Company
 made contributions of $162
000 in 2014 and no contributions in
 2013. At December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 the
 unfunded projected pension benefits were not material to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company provides a supplement to eligible retirees from Local
 #20
 Local #1 and Local Union #1199 to assist them with the cost of
 Medicare gap coverage after their retirement on account of age or
 permanent disability. To qualify for this benefit (collectively
 the &amp;#x201C;Retiree Medical Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 an employee must have
 worked for at least 20 years for the Company or its predecessor at
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery
 must have been enrolled in
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s comprehensive medical plan for at least 5 years
 before retirement and
 in the case of retirees from Local #20
 for
 at least 7 of the last 10 years of their employment
 and must be
 eligible for Medicare benefits under the Social Security Act. The
 accumulated &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;post-retirement&lt;/font&gt; benefit obligation was
 determined using a discount rate of 4.0% at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 and 5.0% at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 respectively
 and a 2.5% health
 care cost increase based on the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for
 the years 2014
 2013 and 2012. The effect of a 1% point increase
 and the effect of a 1% point decrease in the assumed health care
 cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost
 components of net periodic post-retirement health care benefit
 costs and the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for
 health care benefits would not be significant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In addition
 the comprehensive medical plans offered to currently
 employed members of Local&amp;#xA0;#20 and Local Union #1199 remain
 available to them should they retire after reaching age 57 (and
 before reaching age 65 in the case of a member of Local #20) with
 at least 20 years of service (if a Local #20 member) or 10 years of
 employment (if a Local Union #1199 member) with the Company or its
 predecessor at the Company&amp;#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery. These
 eligible retirees may choose to continue to be covered under the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s comprehensive medical plan
 subject to certain
 modifications applicable to members of Local Union #1199
 until
 they reach the age when they are eligible for Medicare under the
 Social Security Act or (in the case of a Local #20 member) coverage
 under a comparable State health benefit plan. Eligible retirees pay
 100% of the cost of the coverage.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Local 1199 Pension Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retiree Medical Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
227&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded Status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(662&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Local 1199 Plan invests in a family of funds that are designed
 to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&amp;#x2019;
 investment objectives.&amp;#xA0;The fund-specific objectives vary and
 include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital appreciation plus income and
 funds that invest in common stock of companies that cover a broad
 range of industries. The plan&amp;#x2019;s investments are considered
 category1 assets in the fair value hierarchy and the fair values
 were determined by reference to period end quoted market
 prices.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The basis of the long-term rate of return assumption of 6.5%
 reflects the Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s current targeted asset mix of
 approximately 35% debt securities and 65% equity securities with
 assumed average annual returns of approximately 3% to 6% for debt
 securities and 8% to 12% for equity securities.&amp;#xA0;It is assumed
 that the Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s investment portfolio will be
 adjusted periodically to maintain the targeted ratios of debt
 securities and equity securities.&amp;#xA0;Additional consideration is
 given to the plan&amp;#x2019;s historical returns as well as future
 long-range projections of investment returns for each asset
 category. The assumed discount rate in estimating the pension
 obligation was 4.0% and 5.0% at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 respectively. The increase in benefit
 obligation at end of fiscal year is primarily due to a change in
 the mortality table used. At December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 the Company
 used the Society of Actuaries mortality table in estimating the
 benefit obligation while at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 the Company used
 the IRS funding mortality basis in estimating the benefit
 obligation.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=16%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 51.75pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Debt securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;E. Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;259
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Kegs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72
124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
350&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Building and building improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44
234&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Office equipment and furniture&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;553
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;172
410&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;143
131&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;381
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;266
558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company recorded depreciation and amortization expense related
 to these assets of $34.8 million
 $25.7 million and $20.2 million
 in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of Long-lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when
 events indicate that an asset or asset group may have suffered
 impairment. During 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the Company recorded
 impairment charges of $1.8 million
 $1.6 million
 and $0.1 million
 respectively
 based upon its review of the carrying values of its
 property
 plant and equipment.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 Twisted Tea&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt; and Angry
 Orchard&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 brands. The second is the A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating
 segment which is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company
 Angel City
 Brewing Company
 Concrete Beach Brewing Company
 and Coney Island
 Brewing Company. Both segments have similar economic
 characteristics. They also sell predominantly low alcohol
 beverages
 which are sold to the same types of customers in similar
 size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially
 the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured
 using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content
 and generally fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the
 operating segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they
 are aggregated for financial statements purposes.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income:
 general and administrative salary and benefit expenses
 insurance
 costs
 professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for general and administrative
 employees
 and other general and administrative overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;P. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) represents amounts of
 unrecognized actuarial gains or losses related to the Company
 sponsored defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement medical
 plan
 net of tax effect. Changes in accumulated other comprehensive
 loss represent actuarial losses or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs. The
 following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) for 2014
 2013
 and 2012 (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&amp;#xA0;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&lt;br /&gt;
 Income (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $108&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($33)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(883&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($261)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($35)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($11)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of wholesalers
 importers or
 other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &amp;#x201C;Distributors&amp;#x201D;). In 2014
 sales to foreign Distributors
 were approximately 4% of total sales. Receivables arising from
 these sales are not collateralized; however
 credit risk is
 minimized as a result of the large and diverse nature of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s customer base. The Company establishes an allowance
 for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit
 risk of specific customers
 historical trends and other
 information. There were no individual customer accounts receivable
 balances outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 that were in excess of 10% of the gross
 accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers
 represented more than 10% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues during
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and
 Disclosures&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#xA0;820&amp;#x201D;). The Company believes
 that the carrying amount of its cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts
 payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the
 short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is
 not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks
 arising from these financial assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;259
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Kegs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72
124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
350&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Building and building improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44
234&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Office equipment and furniture&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;553
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;172
410&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;143
131&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;381
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;266
558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Non-vested at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67.34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53.82&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;103.52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Non-vested at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC 718&amp;#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of
 share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on
 fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during
 which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
 the award (the requisite service period). The amount of
 compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
 income is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and
 therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 stock
 option grant to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer
 which
 is considered to be a market-based award and was valued utilizing
 the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple
 potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on
 the most likely outcome. See Note M for further discussion of the
 application of the option-pricing models.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Refundable Deposits on Kegs and Pallets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and such kegs and bottles are shipped on
 pallets to Distributors. All kegs and pallets are owned by the
 Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets
 at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the
 keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment of
 beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on
 the kegs and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and
 pallets to the Company
 the deposit is refunded to the
 Distributor.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&amp;#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. In
 2010
 the Company began estimating the physical count of kegs and
 pallets held by certain of its larger Distributors and the
 forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs and pallets. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.0 million
 $1.8 million and
 $1.8 million
 respectively. For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated
 depreciation by $0.2 million
 $0.4 million and $0.4 million
 respectively. As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheet includes $18.2 million and
 $17.9 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and
 pallets and $25.9 million and $18.7 million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=42%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discount Accrual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
285&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
072&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
340&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
773&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
072&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stale Beer Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
432&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
334&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Excise Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &amp;#x201C;TTB&amp;#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Programs and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
 ASC Topic 605-50
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition &amp;#x2014; Customer Payments
 and Incentives
&lt;/i&gt; based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts
 paid to customers totaled $52.4 million
 $40.4 million and $28.1
 million in fiscal year 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $28.5 million
 $23.1 million
 and $19.5
 million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to
 Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. Agreed-upon
 discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&amp;#x2019; sales to
 retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total
 discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance
 requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions
 that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities
 recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have
 historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 products may include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and
 merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional
 programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment.
 Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $23.9&amp;#xA0;million
 $17.3
 million
 and $8.6 million
 respectively. In 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of
 $18.7 million
 $13.4 million and $6.3 million respectively as
 reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized as reduction to net
 revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs
 recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include
 point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures
 in local markets.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;D. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid malt and barley&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excise and other tax recievables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Supplier rebates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid insurance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Grant receivable&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;environmental remediations
 (see&amp;#xA0;Note J)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;790&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
887&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the
 consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below
 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid malt and barley&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excise and other tax recievables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Supplier rebates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid insurance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Grant receivable&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;environmental remediations
 (see&amp;#xA0;Note J)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;790&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
887&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based upon
 the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Kegs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production
 agreement
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or
 estimated useful life of the asset&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;15 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of
 the building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 if later

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 or the remaining useful life of the building

  

 or the term of the production agreement

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets acquired and cash paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;401&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets acquired and cash paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      



    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    






000 shares to Class A Common Stock on February 18
 2014
 100
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on May 7
 2014 and 110
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on November 4
 2014
























  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2014-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2014-01-31
  xmlns:sam=http://www.bostonbeer.com/20141227
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2014-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.bostonbeer.com/20141227




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


















































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    



 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure

    




    



 Net


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $144 and $160 as of December 27
 2014 and December 28
 2013







    




    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    











 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant and Equipment





    
    












    
    


    






    


    
    


    
    
    



 Noncash Items

    



 Share-based Compensation

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    






    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    

 Wheat



    
    
    










    
    




    








    
    


    
    








    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed

    


    
    














    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    















 Shares






 Shares






 Value

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    



 Credit Risk

    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    










    








    
    
    



 Interest Rate

    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid




 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    
    






    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    




    




    




    




    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    




    




    




    



 Net

    




    



 Property









    




    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation






 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation









    






    








    
    
    



 Employee Contribution


 Employee Contribution

    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    




    




    






    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    


    
    
    



 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share

    










    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    




    



 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class





    
    



 Diluted
 by Common Class


 Diluted
 by Common Class



    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    





 Percent




 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    



 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity

    



 Other Adjustments

    



 State and Local Income Taxes






 Tax Contingency

    















 Nonvested Awards

    
    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized











    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    
























    
    


    
    



 Inputs


 Inputs




 Inputs


 Inputs



    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    



 Goodwill

    



 Intangible Assets

    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    












    
    
    


    
    






    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    


    
    


    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    








    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Nonoperating

    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods

    










    
    




    




    




    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    



 Work in Process

    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    






    














    
    


    
    






    



 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest

    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    
    




    




    


    
    
    




    










    




    




    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Rent Expense

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    



 Miscellaneous

    




    


    
    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 Net of Tax

    

 net of tax of $75 in 2012




 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Tax












 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Reclassification Adjustments






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 before Reclassification Adjustments






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans





    




    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Plant





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    




    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant





    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment










 Plant and Equipment

    



 Plant and Equipment

    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment
 Gross




 Plant and Equipment
 Gross













    



 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment



    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment
 Other

    



 Plant and Equipment
 Other






 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    






    


    
    




    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    



 Goods

    
    


    


    










    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class




 Basic
 by Common Class






 Diluted
 by Common Class


 Diluted
 by Common Class




 Diluted
 by Common Class





    
    










    






    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    


    


    





 General and Administrative Expenses

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    



 Discount from Market Price

    


    


    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions


 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 a factor representing the value of the underlying stock as a multiple of the exercise price of the option which
 if achieved


 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    



 Options

    



 Options


 Options

    


    
    
    



 Options


 Options






 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options

    



 Options

    
    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    
    
    



 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    
    



 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested in Period

    


    


    






    


    
    


    
    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options
 Expirations in Period

    



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    




    




    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    



 Options


 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
282 in 2013 and $17

    



 Value


 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
282 in 2013 and $17





    
    




    
    






    






    




    






    
    
    



 Cumulative Shares Repurchased


 Cumulative Shares Repurchased

    
    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    




    




    




    




    


    
    




    


    
    






    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    




    
    




    
    
    




    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g851668g50h26.jpg

M87`O



2XR(CX*(#QR9&8Z4D1&('AM


3DY.2\P
B\R






BB`@(!X;6QN






M179T/2)H='1P.B\O;G





34M
#(M
C%4
#(Z
#0Z
3
K
M
#4Z

#$U+3`R+3(Q5#`R.C`T
M.C$S*S`U.C



M
CA!.4$R-D(Y130Q
3E#
S)$-4
T.#`T


M



M9V=
1$%O2T-W;TLF(WA!.T104U$07=-1$%W441!-%!%03A/1$)-5$9451%



M25)!44U2068O14%A24%!04%(05%%0D%114%!04%!04%!04%!449!=TE'05%!
M2$-!:TM#=T5!06=)1$%114)!445!04%!04%!04$F(WA!.T%104-!=U%&0F=C


0T(S4%-.94I%9WAD


M
2MF




M+S5:268X06M7;CE-5F0K:DY.+S5:268K4F%F
'A6
S9-
#
O;&MH+W=#4F%F
M
'@F(WA!.U8S-DTP
6I&5TTF(WA!.WIF
M;4HK5CEV-FXQ;31J='I#<71-<SEL8U)&3U4P8TA&=SA+;%A74V5-3W`K2D]1
M3$%!,7A66G!(-6UF;%)Q-U<V,DXU0S5U-4DT8E4F(WA!.U-78SA0<71+2FEN
M<MR0VY*4V)75F51
D1

VIV-&97;%):

M1F%P9#(V


&XF(WA!.VMG6E1&85=J

M65!B4W(V8FM0.$%#9'-64RLX+TYB.&]B1E5..65W

P




M-5HR3B](63-C









F(WA!.TYD
CA5='9&4$Q

M5V%2

51U0E)66'


F(WA!.WEX;5=6;FLO95-4=7IN;%9J4W!.0E)62SE1+TI


M;C1E5E=P56Y&57=U4'ET.&@S3G!&85A';&E7
VAT67)'2DAM=40F(WA!.WAT

7!%
M:6ID:7-C:4ME4S(P67!3;3-U87%Q=&@K5C-K4%0T8GE+
#!O4G!Q1FMD3794


M*U(F(WA!.TQ'
75
4S`P*U-'
'4W5U-X=6)68G4X.4=3
VQE5U)K85`Q=4(K

S9*


G8X.7@O


T@O4U9C9CA!5E1&6&9O

M4WA





M=7A6

W).=$)R0U5$

D\K
S=S



K9VAU8FTW=4DW

D9U.7DX





M:R]W0V%C5F0V36XK+S
K-5`K86-69#9-;BLO
RLU4#A!;6Y&6&5J2B]V.2]U


M*U0O04E)9C%X5C


*U0O9V@O6$989E=R





68X15`V-'$W-C%A+S<K5]G:]81E9+


VQJ43=H3DUU=%)V3DMJ839T4D5T;S%M1U=/
M3G4F(WA!.T8X8FE7
V196D]!1$=.=G


%!4-5HW:WE.8U-V87=-.&I43'=L3'
F(WA!.U5Q



VPF(WA!.S5A
E9S.7ID4W)$
M0DA4;DEX;TYZ440S2DIO0C-/2W!6.5=V9&)02RM2-U!34#)


M6%EQ-T9867$W1E5.868W
%AV.$%X;4@O04-::GA6131Q-T9867%H=%0O-#5T
M
R]X:&LO-&=C5F4F(WA!.U-F;EE:6DY%.'57:'9

W:5=#

O=T)N+W=!;D=X

7=T=%!*-F9Q3D-S2TY!+T$S
M:V13
'!955!$;%1F
'@X5TMS=&AE*V%7=V4T:5)


M-B]W0CEP+W=:+W=#84U69'EU=CA!9F%F.$=F.$%M:D988W)R+T%(
FXO0FXO
%8S2S8O=T(Y<]W6B]W0V%-5F1Y=78X069A9CA'
DTO


$QB:W8W04MF1DI1
$UJ8CEE4$5%



5`O:FTS

CDV44U*:G0W4CAZ:7)F*TEB1]!2#%E8F8X04QJ

V1C5E
F(WA!.V9Z
M9C5M.'HV9#5:

&)Y+V181W$R.$IE



M2W-







M6#!W
7A#:T1$9S!$0FQ#4FI:*UA

'1H6F]Z;4LR=%AI

M4S=#35-8;#!
9%=.13E36FQ



#%W4S)P-FIC6$-N


+TQN-5EE4B]
97$S;7)A2G!V
4LO
M=G=W=35K;G5'1$(F(WA!.S


&9I+R]!0TUF*W5+=2MR4BM
+SA!27@O-C1Q-S9T2#1V+W=!:D@O



M84)Q6FPO;'4O5G1L-E8R8V5Q4&(F(WA!.V8O84M(;'5O+VU8-31H+T]I4%%P
M2G)

M;GI(8T5E;F57:S@F(WA!.V4Y5'!R6&
W9V8U6FII=F\Q86XK6GA1-%=0;C8T


M0BLF(WA!.W!A

M;3AE2TPY-'9P:%5J6#%&
E9I1U`W
#=K9DMM*T)

'9&6%EQ-T953G%F+TA.



M4U
O85`Y

4MX:5!7
W-:
M3DM:-F1+3F-3
W4F(WA!.S10.$%K4DEW.&-69&%86&U'


-B]T9E=:9'I35U98=DI4-T-R1$-Q64IQ
S5H3T-4-6-S23DK:C9Q.68K
M1G





M

6XT:S



M:VYR0F\O=&HP
4HR

M


F(WA!.U5
;3!F5TI!=G%Y*UEY4C$T6$]N4FEV*W=K0BLX
M-'%T6%%B-F]
2'I+-#=Q8BMZ04DX4&AN531Q.&LO-7E*


8VTW2'%G3#9.1FIL=65

M02]2.78Y9#AR5T9Z9'9&1THW;E5*+W)C
TE+07A94WA38B]W0U
F(WA!.TAP
M


M



UE7;#8K;C-&=VY'3S@F(WA!.VHU.&M.468Y
79$


0DYE9E5R9T9M

M;VUT


M1&(O05!62$989E4F(WA!.TQR+W$T
T@O04%.=B]W0E5C5E%/=#-D=F]M;'HV

M=44F(WA!.VI.-E1F5D-&;VA65RM)
G4T2$PQ3U$R15I$+UDK3$-R3%!Q1C$O
M
6-B:B]G8F8X039O-$9D.5%U=BMR:F-F.$%!

4
F(WA!.S8O
7!;U=O;S







M;U995E4Y0TLT1E)8
4
V+S9U3G@O=TYV+T%.56




FUF.&
R

%DF(WA!.W$W.4E7+SA!2DXO

O0412:7)V
&AB+WE49CAI2G8K84U69MK
M3&8X06MM+S5%5&8X,%EQ-SE)5R\F(WA!.SAK,R]!0TEM+W=#84U69MK3&8K
M4V(O:U).+WI2:7)V
&AB+T%-:S

S+VMM+W=#4D4S+TY'


M:49L4U5W2G=D
4QQ1'='-55&0V9V1TMP3BMJ=GI!+W=!4F979C`F(WA!.S%9


FE%-C!L.58F(WA!.R]I:VMQ=D9D:5
V

53E3;G1R-U)
:7EU0D0K:C=3-E=C3&)S;'$T;6]963!C:#=V

7DR=#DF(WA!.T0Y8S!+
F1X94Q9



M
G8T.4QG:6A6


$Q29GHR
M9RMS;E8Y9#!Y-F(F(WA!.S!51G%&56-05T4X8DU75DQ31FQ6;U9D9G1.=3
K

K4GDV
35304QZ-#AY9G
X
D%!

O=T%64VDY=&9.5'EX;3`Q0S!I:45H6C%A
6-S639':3$Y

5W-71FYX4S=&-#AK4E1K.&LF(WA!.U!'
M
$MO.&0W+V149D5X-4-O
F]C5E-E-CAV9FYS9$A:-V9Z5'`O-EEN=5E*1$$Q



M2T1&54196&XU*UA--$YX62M88D=#2RMK:FY36C=P
VMS
3E0:$QB=$4P9W$S

6#@W;&MJ1VDS=6=0171Z3$EZ6#!D
$A.
M=7A94E).-DDT='A0DQ,=U!19&E85EID;V8V8R]28T@V9MQ+W!8-'9R4#%(
M
5`F(WA!.W$O
GIW-&5R.&8R2U9R




M;VPW65)026QZ97AW6$U6

M;T-Y=&9Z
'1O4%1K=F9
.3AW16A%='=T
'-H9C1J1T-916E4:CEK2#1+9U8K
M
6ER2R]

O-'I4+SAN;GA6
G`O.&
R-R]!3TU-;B]%1&ER=$TO



V


M9LF(WA!.VI.3B\U6DEF*U)A9C!X5C,V33`S+VQK:]W0U)A9C!X5C
V33`S










M=!7;W)D(T@
3`M2R`R
#$T($1R869T(#(@
C`@


Z




#`P
(*(`@
M('-T1&EM.F@](C$Q+C`P
#`P






M94E$/2)X;7`N:6ED.D0U-#(X03E!

M-#$Q.4
S
D0U0S0X

M/2)X;7`N:6ED.D0U-#(X03E!

3$Y0S
R1#5#
M-#@P-#$T0C`Y(@H@(`@(!S=$5V=#IW:&5N/2(R
#$U+3`R+3(Q5#`R.C`T
M.C$S*S`U.C
P(@H@(`@(!S=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/2)!9&]B92!)

I(@H@(`@(!S=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D



M/2)(96QV971I8V$M0F]L9(O/@H@(`@(#QR9&8Z;&D*(`@(`@17AT96YS

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M69&2DY7_Q``8`0$!`0$!`````````````````0(#!/_$`#H1``(!`08%`P

M!@$$`@,````!$9$(3%18=$207&AL5*!P0

MX__:``P#`0`$0,1`#\`[;FH&HNJQJ7JZK*VL6O*HJJFNL)J*FIJ
+1N=4%




MYNK'0TU`]5/6WL


.Z]!+S=6.AIJ



MR





C#N



M0TU`]5/6WL






M;JRF+AS=9]<&-J7'BLR=?X29ZJ8V*:2<84VM%+$;Z@.GC1I+AD4B,=24$H9%
M)BF2A0P(5S$R`S'*EQ<L+B`AY8C=AN<7AF\T7,Z7_<[U/_#3!/Y7-:AAXOJ_
M)):A!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!
M0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`

M:U#+Q?5^22U@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4!3SPRRC@0B36
.1%1U(

\E;4K1ASOG

C





KTIS
M+KII#I


32
VR




*&ZA+8

MNQ?%+Z1':\W5K[J_-6P_7[:R!)T?P0],HDEO2062U3'W/2&^64OXZGP6Z'


'(HLL^F8'9(2X8Q3
M#




F[?476I;X:]..IS)&46N
MNZ+J6X1;(F_I%&;RC/QG;)&%(RF6`!=UTP0X.GGA+ETH$+Z
$1[88HMR_)Q
ML,2^#WCEA!4O&ZC/T6:4:*N&+E)\J;AX3[1LUP=PQ_`ZN';,S8=5GCP,92XK
M&Q3.628H)T+2-.Q@TN^&*FQ2.4@7(V%D3`OF.CCBM?T6N*



ML332(CC-N\FH8CKHB
/;&P(RE@
_/R\B5IV$TK3?W81'O):+PO\`%#WG?;?@




.4Q)JXRO2G
NNFD

20MI8`T1N)II@



J(R'[






M
+SJ9CLTYD/94=K
18=9,4P$RH\ZK_6%XP\E$HA'L#)?,4TW`T8NDB$!=2


M


KYW





N//

N`(
$8S`!S'+V$L`/F'AD
#86UL1;!7QOF'87&UL1+898
M\NUK6RX[6M0'-0'
7`
X6#
`@CAVS#%M@


7+F;!V


?


M@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*

M-V
?;Y199I?]SO4_\-


M+



'AX+
M/DA#QB[
_0I3C`=KK#W!D=AC


K7N![-`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%
I_X:8)_*YK4,O%]7Y)+4(*`4`HH/9K5Y=G!Y;EK<<0^BLM


R:A)*TZ6TR'`0'-L


M[L5*SZ@ACJ3:.!%SC4-



8.F!FREHJ.CMB7X?NGW4

Z/(\/HGNCU_:O^Z'*_^;U!=DZK
M8?1/='K^U?\`=#E?_-Z@NR=5L/HGNCU_:O\`NARO_F]079.JV'T3W1Z_M7_=



M?1/='K^U?]T.5_\`-Z@NR=5L/HGNCU_:O^Z'*_\`F]079.JV'T3W1Z_M7_=#



M1/='K^U?]T.5_P#-Z@NR=5L/HGNCU_:O^Z'*_P#F]079.JV'T3W1Z_M7_=#E
M?_-Z@NR=5L/HGNCU_:O^Z'*_^;U!=DZK8?1/='K^U?\`=#E?_-Z@NR=5L/HG








MU_:O^Z'*_P#F]079.JV'T3W1Z_M7_=#E?_-Z@NR=5L/HGNCU_:O^Z'*_^;U!
M=DZK8?1/='K^U?\`=#E?_-Z@NR=5L/HGNCU_:O\`NARO_F]079.JV'T3W1Z_

WJ

M=ZG_`(:8)_*YK4
O%]7Y)+4(*`4`H!0@%`1C=?WS($_#'MO^:FD]\GU7AD

MO4_\-




M

M






(I


M9-4P2Y'\GE$^-G'%;;4B!G')NV


-144_$;$@H'V@TTEOG#I+$Q@&8

M:?HX0#I!BMB;7ONVXW/L(#

MBU$E&*%&!45(@9&E8VH(;W:\:19N['+\70)#






MBQ


M?:M)GWM3Q.I/M/B!O))$FEI2\_DQ
3BP!)/3D]].

M6+A88!```AX!!!XXX!X8XXVM:R]*+8QUJ]SW.;!.]+)*[1'5\1I+THMAUJ



MXEF=^5TR4-V
?;Y199I?]SO4_P##3!/Y7-:AEXOJ_)):A!0@%`*`4`H
;K
M^^9`GX8]M_S4TGH7D^J\
DY0@H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!
M0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`8%)4J1E#324
M7]+LALF+V.D8\M4=\@.A$9[;(6OCGGCB96E\Z03PA!





MO!UCXF'0\E803++
97=*PKJ@V5^4*;SOQ7H1MO%R;]H04`H!0$8W1]\R#OPQ

[\KIDH;L8^WRB


M[E%]
N

5E-PDDOL
ZX':[E@F@-Q$*&VD6*8&E5849`OF
M:
`%\11\



M8U;Y2X4?9?[$E'BG@XHQ.?Z5-TW1-I-LCI._[0
8LV4DV2USBTX9!$Q#Y*JO
MSH.GCX99&$O'/Y?(/M6=ITL[O\`]3/8UX,C6%INU.E*5B+UVXF],S\,1F;;
MAUF)L=(8OE@)X1C-=:+%HLBT








MO8.&Z9N4WQDTL)_J1

M#S










3P+K


\HC6MRC2D=\8/G!;YC




?;






KB
((W+_












MH!0@%`*`4!1[P^WW.XV_$LSORNF2ANQC[?*++-+_N=ZG_AI@G\KFM0R\7U?
MDDM0@H!0@%`*`4!&-U_?
@3\


M46YJ


0$
$2UA31G/PRBLK*B:%



)_(;$'/IQ/

-V


05QPM

MH!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@



I?;Q3:AXW*%?*PQ


E;&Z

M3R2M8?#
P6=AMKV9L$R])UV5F*OR#+*C`2XG;!)
6$$X)C-R2HJWED9_-Y
8





M8O

MQ*UH]ASL-;S5)?8O

MU27V+S%W$I#TJMQ*UH]ASL-;S5)?8O




7

M]ASL-;S5)?8O

M+S%W$I#TJMQ*UH]ASL-;S5)?8O






M-;S5)?8O

M$I#TJMQ*UH]ASL-;S5)?8O










M'6/:+PWTB9;Q:'+\9E33[P?B?TL0D3RAR?%\_&/$/&?%.4#XUX'QDOX61'^T


DT=SLU-*$W$G&1S@89\8T$-V+
IOB



MEGFZPUD7B=+L%%(C\62)(1O'#+B)CMR.(\1


;V::=?WS($_#'MO^






M@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H##Y`D%C1
M0RG-(\F.YO
-@LU)

__LT7'/$D




M+XI9C=CZ/&4E`(C59S32RJ
@H:87Y5\Y(@3##PR$%S%
FS&=LS)XX
8.G!




MD*`4`H!0$8W7]\R!/PQ[;_FII/0O)]5X9)RA!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0
M@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`1EV?VTB+4UHI*_(YQ:672\U
M7Z
1/$#!217=

6/BYXV4RBZ-CF1O%A(JDJ9V=^8TVE=9][7-].:7=\\BU
M2A@4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`C&Z/OF0=^&/:G\U--Z%Y/JO#
M).4(*`4`H!0@%`*`4`HCWA]ON=QM^)9G?E=



M\M#LRT.0H#KM[?2^[HXDERR!JI

M&KZ9+B2DQLV()CAW1]'SJ;LTH10X[W$X

@.:?C_-ODZ64OYK
ME]O+E*E\6
P\


N]D$Y5=L7:9JKP:J0]4-/






7Y2ZMV]VB




7Y2ZMV]VBY=







`(!<`'#$
$``$/'
M$
($(/'$


/''###''''&V-K6H-+K^^9`GX8]M_P`U-)Z%Y/JO#).4(*`4
M`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H.4M;A:G0+8QSV
M;
0+%`Q6V7A2
@2TQ6HJ7SPX^
$!)65THIFC-^*]LI4H,8SR_5PRR^RA59




HQ`AZ2VN*YQ9.AAUX8+J_@AV22
M'DEC2
YUV]S=RACB

@[\


MU#+Q?5^34.TG!BZ

+

U0`G?2?*0EMYG14A/8D]OL0L10SB$+DN613

B@%`*`4!&-U_?
@3\




\OLF
MN\:CZ?\`WR)^T;&NFE.M2=E^KB/
\]R?L$[
+9?Z1Q6=$$:QHUK986_YA0*



.T*P=_U0U$N

M`H!0@%`*`4`H
;H^^9!WX8]J?S4TWH7D^J\
DY0@H!0@%`*`4`H!0@*/


M!I
*9AF0,\1KXC!WR'$Q=GR









'


M6OFRAS_\**M?LT+@YX.:GA/LP.R9ON2#\7_Z7


E;/2L8+VO^ZPH9:+8A`'$Q_W
M8A&@\
KV_5$M:_'8/LSM/V2^6?G-MPN;D_56-L]%HS#R_BP--)C?)L*U_P#H
E(#:2(MR=.VQD8N)X)SV*OZ3SRFSR!B27FR
M%4DW4U%4F\L$TY(0L&^HKZJ.4'S/F5(($=OI_4LJRU::3G!)Y+*23WZ/WP*

&&);+P7-X1!2(G9$?9ANDT=P2"W3M@3#/N:
M/&RR:.:M@5Q(CC7*&;`B?5^HG'!:?.8E91E/,[A38:+49*2`@LQL-YHH9;[
MR

M0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`Q=[O=GQJSW-(
@N=#9;'


9(N;:*M^

MF



P^XTU_&EN+(.X0!
MAJCN;D)E4S-V/E
AER;&ZV(A5::K?6K.$M'AU?8.3D2HO;)\P+R:E2T[YULO
M'6+5;\2R[15D.E@:VH*[&RH,DTK25L5(+=8JL`45&%&\K[&RQ*
2
-232P

MT(YCK7MMF
:44


Q:]79#R%*O6*UNS8SW\I=DZ
MK81:]79#R%*O6*UNS8SW\I=DZK81:]79#R%*O6*UNS8SW\I=DZK81:]79#R%
M*O6*UNS8SW\I=DZK81:]79#R%*O6*UNS8SW\I=DZK81:]79#R%*O6*UNS8SW


E

M%VN%9M)=L7[(]1;_][!G+O)^P+H#'ZAAQ$B+-:J?LIM#@!R;X9X*TLJ@

0






MM8J^Y7/*A;N



-*Q_2W
MJ[=GPE




MI_X:8)_*YK4
O%]7Y)+4(*`4`H!0@%`1C=?WS($_#'MO^:FD]\GU7ADG*$





MO\0OQVY1K&_'Q\%J[!3JO;?8B:]/T@/%Q;M%6`B`XWRP$V/WVTCA=2
MOGC]G*
F

R&TV\
V%IPF7
JFB!?)%5!NQPJUA

MN]IH3P;3C0GBI%1R19/.G3[#&5SK=P&177F2
DBX.0@[6VDKZQ
/DXPW.[6#
MP64JNX4

M`X'UA)(1J]A
'1PB_02Q,QO$.]^58=4CQC*VTN!XP/C?PF9`5[IN(8G_#C7
M!M?+($7BC^?]EA+'&_[8ZQ[&ZV5P0TKX^
9F.#
U:Q#Y..)/4[@SHQ=+O#P
M_?X3.6-CG(^\3QT+_3@9



3B
M86(!


G^PV&S(N9;6CF.FPBLIB
M



MUCV&$-O1_JV:B^'H?%&M8450=;A6#PHEK9B&


H\*

'/\
M
IP62=;.X^]NNHUL+\65TU]%%BUK_P`+6NDAG;97O_MY/'ROW6XZ#@M^ET@P

[OQ8+R?W^3TQ_J__`/'R4SCO*_\`+'CH7^';]+*Q-^.'_P!2

M4=@SE!1CB



ME=)?A?)L+GRX6Q\E.0SM!=984

M)5ZCXB7_`%
!

Z[
M2G



SZG8*I/BL$DZU-5&DI3



+\J




9(9?K

M'B1:1,UN(.P7@L`\
`X[7)Q_:DNZO[DRXLUSU\@TM@3A6H=B$J&%X'$

MO:WL!$R::?A`LQWLYV^UE



9


3[5@G:=^-RHK^ZZ'RF!?!.Z^NX4G]-$(2K.1+BS






M%-[)2HTEAS3

M?4%C'!9
G\;#U64E947J+GF=E7@3MD.&W9FC::SM#=


M




MXOJ9?^BV

MU_XVH.+ZF-_M92\(S
J

/BMB:P1-1KFK7

UEE_P!+Y#WRX_X\=!/U

M5JPYJ(/`J`T$MQV














M!4!)I2@802!HSDE`A
VD\/TKV22GM)_-C$X$7A4PI(;$2C:;2$`^WDR5Z1&\

H/%K$SZ`KKA!PEQUU.PS2K7'MQ#U_Q

M4



)
E%L27ZK7[K6YM-(TUUK;_)\@1F`A\CBY'DASO5
M-Y'%^[D^).0'D\7\.+BXJ2]*+88XNU^ZUN;')PPR$\+$`@8D`B!C;BQ!)R_+










2TI'+YA`*HL/S?(^I]1VFN'BLI3@VFY

W!3\'+:]KV
&I
.X7O;BX\&^+C?B_?Q


8\?%Q\

5X6X^/BQ2CF-N/\`

MSL+\[7[K6YS6X-O1?&UK8ZSQO:UK6M:UBBG:UK6_=:UK*7V6M_#B_=5EZ46P







3ZKPR3E"@%`
M*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H
I_X:8)_
M*YK4,O%]7Y)+4(*`4`H!0$<]AYJ<D3XQUX_9R*^I1GB5;1/':&Z74=9+0+*

MI


MP=VLL+X_00\G1CI.ZU^L+!W:RPOC]!#R=&.D[K7ZPL'=K+^/T$/)T8Z3NM
M?KP=VLL+X_00\G1CI.ZU^L+!W:RPOC]!#R=&.D[K7ZPL'=K+^/T$/)T8Z3
MNM?KP=VLL+X_00\G1CI.ZU^L+!W:RPOC]!#R=&.D[K7ZPL'=K+^/T$/)T8
MZ3NM?KP=VLL+X_00\G1CI.ZU^L+!W:RPOC]!#R=&.D[K7ZPL'=K+^/T$/)
MT8Z3NM?KP=VLL+X_00\G1CI.ZU^L+!W:RPOC]!#R=&.D[K7ZPL'=K+^/T$
M/)T8Z3NM?KP=VLL+X_00\G1CI.ZU^L+!W:RPOC]!#R=&.D[K7ZPL'=K+^/
MT$/)T8Z3NM?KP=VLL+X_00\G1CI.ZU^L+!W:RPOC]!#R=&.D[K7ZPL'=K+


MW&WXEF=^5TR4-V
?;Y199I?]SO4_\-

S36


M&Y_

#V






&M
MFEGA@K`J`0=@QA`+WQ&RXLK`9WS?

M?


M!S?


MRH#!Y.@2
Y1C:0HS5&RAI9(K'=C%459%;Z``LI9%W()]OFU%)&,)A@NIDB




/!^$3I
(808







M+Y+74'PZL%!^?C_-1RO7W7Q=_:E=%_\`-'30T)([RD
*-E0ZTGT2?CY5XXD-
M%X.I

DJ9790]+L/#ZYMHMBF+RPZB3(8;#RE


MF\U9OWP%Q9BP\!5BV*R
ZU9FXHBXSWC9;
+)HZ


^C:[$9^DR/VX4=*F0D&




?[Z=K[@N96NI,(YS`0


MN4QGC##B1T=\


SEH?;LZ8\+\(G(D
M2R,,Z'JM;`[!-+8EEJDD.H38Y*(Q/
F2G.Z)1_`M=+TO:6:)'*W'T91DL

MR0V7

M0A]Q.-MI;J
'(8:1II-5PM9V+\J/(=(:5EM?:^'DX6%[;Q;6
/GBL%GT@8LQ

K4!#?D;O2'90.NY+Y^TR$Y[7)9:;=?BR.\3H`:LU$O7Q


^
Q&66D\2KAEQGNX%KM9H7%2TA#/-\

MWA]ON=QM^)9G?E=





.5Q\FW$!YT`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@/#



?;Y199I?]SO4_P##3!/Y7-:AEXOJ




8Z6D:^A.SGN;
M[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^
MA.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56
MXZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)
MB@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SG
MN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D
M:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ
M56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9
M?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.
MSGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ
M6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@
MAZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;
M[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^
MA.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56
MXZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)
MB@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SG
MN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D
M:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ
M56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9
M?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.
MSGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ
M6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@
MAZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;
M[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^
MA.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56
MXZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56XZ6D:^A.SGN;[9?)B@AZ56YL*+9M8DPBNLJS[/
M

?;Y199I?]SO4_\`#3!/


MFFYK&+WVD.X4DCI;@-%R(9\L:!0EP\LIJ
L9%5(F2
W3%0^WELJ0.XA9%S8J

M*+D1R@6)B+S?3E)71R*BM(MCZ:0-+*,;
@YJR=8R*TUBOS\Y&_*$/E(:ZA
MN9*)+S;64IPH:D'D
G+*&HDU9*/@XB9@YDE$@,8)F@\10Q`LA`!A,;!YX7

+)SC3O%%1&7V^;/DPU%-P7&TX*4X4@-63A0U%&
J87+
M+?E8ZF#&RO&+01'Y\FUJ`4`H!0&-_2]L?2ZS!\N)_TSNV[N^S;\/;RK]&+*




C'/1^R70WV4Z'0F*V*JG)3J=RPW$%I(N?DW`T8-&W

B;6P4).Z/'7+*!*#--QPPL7

\7-C!`Y0\C*&J[VP]T




'3QTT*&7*E@1
M1AA
`\
LK`:




M


MG.64H
\S$89PLG9/Y
5@5AOW5#;L+L
!'P
I/CN8BU=[F@6B(CAA9*9=RY9(

9=C29D






E#=C'V^46

M)




MZ;:)C*C9!`#S:RE%T#KD5.4)U;'N-ZMZ44Q6?T-.IQ1U&*85:QDW`C:DM`B
M]69SH=Z$JDCJ6A+:8EW:+C#!/-H7B4OK*N5USOUO?SH9XIZ5[&#O-B.IM
5
ML-EM)$LG77&\1J$CI2W'&O#)/NV*E!5;PJ24;J6Y4




M.;!7DQG2%(*$N1S%BA8\E-L%

:03K99Z`%RY^_).5ASPQ?M'-Z78O!

M&$=;+!B.100T&57%85VII($D'%C%V
71#XIF[2[I=@:/C?5;;U7+2
3+M).+

02JNV%

MZK!Q*[.Z7T;F]MO%RR-XP0U9J9TWS0XC91T26QX64$UC1`\IN4ABNRILP8

MSZ[2VEU5?TWS.BNA+LDB
(5LP$U7:2


-K2$RD)_B&


!D^W0&)OMM'GDRW6TDMXNB


!N

MX'DUQX




MS&9O7*








[.*+U
0HVFTT6`











.ZQ`?5&6-R&?MBB1$I(0
?462@G4Y
6V!(RFN

NV
;[

M0@;NA-AR5$9D*Y](
-E2+;7/I$76RAH*'CB.)*NNOVGAYSSOONA7L^0E:)3R


\\<2*
TP3.




AO`-4VW2S54TUMV

&_$7OWYXYI)R

MF-)7]KH[F%BES:*X(:=@;GR8L1M198=F;.!T9CIJ(LKT-S,6*WTHO5K2KM
M(Y:1R?-WRH?.]DP0-=)H5-8-;8V6BC
2WU%\Z



ZXH.$$=)<[AN[Y*U\?&

22H:$LYV*RL




M'A%O_P#1TZ_P^H
M-^05=Q2B\M559L%!
C375R(R


MI
QR2PXJ7,H`DJ'6^3=A5GJQY2EA06\Y5;X4K\2Q=]\N[%MMMW-+\C`V

ME
`=5RRH




B%TYO\\F-0D2(EFX9DIP2@TP34B(B2
M45`GVA*'YNUV3NDC]/&MV\C3UJE%I*D;DHXS6G*LG*LO(




M?5^22U@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H
M!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%

?;Y199I?]SO4_\-
$


[\KIDH;L8^WRBGR!^'
M

















L;?I%0S4+0?20$

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Unfunded Status

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 




 Equity securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Debt securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 30
595
$ 24
090
$ 27
903


        
8
262
6
723
6
009


        
38
857
30
813
33
912


        
        
        
        


        
15
407
11
116
2
279


        
        
        
        


        
15
994
11
336
2
138


        
$ 54
851
$ 42
149
$ 36
050




        
          

        
          
            

 State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



















Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
$ 4
368
$ 4
392
        
        


        
4
572
        
        
        


        
1
641
        
        
        


        
1
009
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
2
600


        
        
3
374
        
        


        
$ 12
887
$ 9
606
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporate
 or foundation grants. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(020B,?A@(``.HP```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=


M-[N^BQ[)NM;H9
M'\A%8;=VR[CQ?OC$F*L:ZI5+S$`Z/%D;VRL?OMH-&U2U51MB8CZ7K#+:D_8S
M/]:(5XO/M%8/G8^^[


3O:87SR]P;/^[Z'H[%M3=&=LOZ;ZD



M

M.8JK'`56CB*K0)%5H
@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM`D56@R)JBR)JBR)JB
MR)JBR)JBR)JBR)JBR)JBR)JBR)JBR)JAR)JAR)JAR)JAR)JAR)JAR)JAR)JA
MR)JAR)JAR)JCR)JCR)JCR)JCR)JCR)JCR)JCR)JCR)JCR)JCRI19)4HLDH4
M626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(*E%DE2BR%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBR
M%BBR%BBREBBREBBREBBREO]+5A\FN8E-G__^ITQESHP2.[_OR%UY_.^IZ+G.

)MOZ?(`+\/W
MX^[9$`J1]2T=QN^/C;$?.H:Y_LL;OIFCI_'-@9KJ([W9]*;Z@\```#__P,`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P```+``@7W)E;'
O+G)E;'




MB=!(X/

$



M@]+&WRR9-O.YP3@W:!Q+GL:B823[VDAX;21;.1(J1[%#4
$05.P05#`$=6[L








6H/Q5:XMIV4VH6#&OR:#

*I

KYS
M7:2IT\NH=?J(5/H*Y'9^&2YS(O









)!:U@`#D%I?`_1B^
)N]4.N6

M)V#:V?[;1YE7

`J+#`]'=&-SV3HR1M*T(







^3AD



M__3PXP]W;\WY2_M2U]T


W3TVY3%\WF]5`?.Q/D7._7'8R_
M?=F=VB':83

[KQSWP_N8&
MZ\T0N_\APA]VFW/3-D_=`L(MS4`EYW29+B'2P]UV!PSTM
_.]=/]_+.[JOQD





MH#`@2/R0S6:%`(0IE);I3+4S8QHSIL;%

B/W4=F*+#E

CF[+


7RC

8:F
M6`N*Z:2-_DF:;)]*L%['.;

*BA*7%DI2X;I)(S`((EC





%&'27!9'2X%0I$^@H6?D$E@DUAA/)T$K6C0



H6F^275Y4G5Q0IGUN1#*A:40EE)8
ME+!4V$)):!F#2L[[GY0\(WJ@


!G




MQ'OX%P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`7.)C,\<(``++@``&0```'AL+W=O





M.'Y^K!?H?[O\LR0_#\KWXE.?=]O_[(ZY66T3)QN!EZ+X:J6_;BTR%X_A:E5'

M.CCL;&J8%5E_K[]_[K;5^]


\ITE

_BOE^
M
12-%M-I.EO





86\OO=N/(?QJ9IU.JYKR(GNG'J




3$%?
@T^`A4NQ$+D.BI7V$!/74:Z@O

MT90$;NPC8^KF]N:IU:PQ@
WC1?ZV)YG%MLRS7/

ML;69N.F(B:ODP?['7'.B:REOS36G:9R*A!
)1`'1E(2^[FH*DI:F(&'[8^5%









M^6#^\/CZ&OGS7P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`*5*`R`J!0``A1@``!D`




M=`W8K$ZQ[$&R`LTR
@;Y&8X



M*]4;=]H%@\NN=Q9!@NJ8ICW38RQ&K&A
24U6&8ELH





M2P





MMV5*WW)#B3RZ4UJT?QTH/%`YDNA`$H/ZPWKD1^DLG
W?9L%.D2WPAFBR6DJQ
M]^#00$[5$W
$PPR8367)JY5!26;/M=EDMP):@1L/JS2)EO@!6D@/F+7#P`48
M
,X\D\S)1S(;<(Z@B*'G2?#<4NO=VF'FUK5YFB;S

*/


MA]DZ






M&X!B*UIAGD92C#I6W-6]5'3;0MZ/44K9
<T-.<+\DE
M`:;5HA20@2T[4KQ:XNNHV


M_7R1ULD7F42^@K6#S





M='


M\HZT\*;D@F$%0U%YLA


1I\
M+B:=;K2YQ


MG:/ISCJ_&=R2MQW2BS($]0U1I'%PIL!B%B;


R)#1Q$3!?*K@;2
T^+TH+&:T\VABLG

MD:]85+253D-*6.J[NM$(VT7M0/'.7+4=5]#]S-\:/G8$CJSO`KCD7/4#?:F'
MS^?Z#P```/__`P!02P

N??:OC?+3\]MXSQAQ@GM

A0
*



U-])AR';4=9@1VECY+ZK980
M+/8GJQ^&OS#G!KORU
C?M#S5TP.1P'ECB$B&5A6O^285Y!1D/%FL52J:`
&

Q0.1DJY3G;B@[6]%0J.4$IF-

M0[+S4I3K):-G!W8PQ


M-D2FA8VBI

M-
#P!OOW=F^2O'(AS$O]49Q:WA1'\V8#N0*288\A9
56:'3#*&SDVXU*LFDT

MD7S*2Z(M!L%U_YAVI5-X7:[JH48=JT3NT&*H[NUD7S*49DO
Q0\G]V99^X

J'UYP'^7


DART!+K
M!IP!!H


M_L/EW_NGRW]\_

MPL[B60*3!%;4J[6=)8YI-E:36+



M]0RJD36J&AELCM68K]9+:)


&'!(1)`5

MNB2=V):DJF`IVV:-*DD&ZV
GK&N))C-HGE8K-HNJ)H73BO5JS@J/+QL01`1)
M`5.2+ENK`_7IDG1B6Y+E!E;N;=:HDF2PR6VU3CU0W?JAQY?)R()(I@82

2/ZR<L%

5=)-3MG4EM(:(NM7([L.G?8Y#LB+1%'Q!,)
M1*1I(EUVF5)Y;1;C\]8BG(E057G6O34J1B:FD=)&V%Q!'Q1`*121I8AUW


M_#RGN]


MAAH[BTICE_A
















M

M$]


M$WL^1KM=&3;4H7BB'@B@4@DDC2QCB'L371[3FNVV^'Z[W:-D6Y'ITD=VXU


MMFA*K_/-

MYN?-;03RBWZTD-.K!*12-+$UJ%+5JH.YUVHVN0\9NK1P#GHMH@&]SLB+1%'
MQ!,)1*1I(EU/!+3ID]7-CEOG5[(BT@[IIA&&D?$$PE$(I&DB74


M:`LO--.](46DG?:![=3U&AKFB'@B@4@DDC2QYE^5V#8CB0U_96];1-I\G^$&
M\W4#IW@M#7-$/)%`)!))FECS$-
FMOQ8/
.3

6@-3^O

PP.W*L*$&+1%'Q!


M']^

MRG-O=S@C9])#['&(;6=N:DYO34SO-A84WHCTA)Q1#R100229I8QR.)[(R5


MZW@DATWW=I



Y&=G#

MLW/R6:\RWBFAL4J\HTJ\(Q+OB
0[(O&N$'CO


$<DWA&)=T3B72'P#GEO:GW@H
=7





/L^
M7:*M]+

J:U_

M1!T^+=/?^@[7X6NWC,B\8Q(/



CPM]

S/U


OCE#_^OP````#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(


M'!Q#;AKVI2G-\9PY

M]X0LFFUQY`U;^1]
^%_6O_ZR//'N11P8DQY$:
3*/TC9+L)0E`=6%R+@+6O@





MYZG:RL/*CV=!FD4Q`;BW84(^5RJD[Y6O0O+Z!X*(85!J`DGR8(I0%)HMGG
M
4+
1\M[*F2Q7G;\Y
'
`*-HS6!9`%QE:[DI[I`D%KS52W22P$MH!EOZYPD
MR_`-E@:S.




/7R\[F+Z%5NOW-B
MZXHI&%OGEJ`F\+_,C**1N9X;7'H4D!06


M((-N=7B1Q`?)6WVCV7`)%T#]ZP$N_`PN7%$`X!WG\OR@KJK]OQ#6_P$``/__
M`P!02P
\$)!$2:HFT*W2)DW3+L\..(E5
MP,AVFO;?[]@.!#N][J4-YWS^^,X-G_GU8UTY#YAQ0IN%&W@CU\%-04O2[!;N
M[U^W5Q/7X0(U):IH@Q?N$^;N]?+SI_F1LGN^QU@XP-#PA;L7HIWY/B_VN$;<
MHRUNP+.EK$8'MG.YRW#J%2'ZLH/1Z/$KQ%I7
TP8^_AH-LM*7!&BT.-&Z%)


M_A!\Y(/?#M_3XQ=&RF^DP9!L*)

M3WK\BLEN+Z#:


'
V#N\J.CZ3/V4L(@
\O*KVU#9AOR@<'0/T\U/AZ%21XX4(

'+.T#?O5E6&G,0+MMR&Q#
MWAED,%?I\E.3<&O=X\$VT+/DZ.%:LQ8=<]5
#KG2;G7AAON\+X%E#LSW:GE
MS@UWG)X_:481Y
YA?8O?;B!YR([MS*]CTYA!$6Q#UAE4SD-KZG/#.Y@[0_W4
M5/]Z12385FU-[$IC!JIM0Z8-+TP\K!7R'=H[G'BM6J\
^BZL
=OA-:XJ[A3T

'-.[AGX0M%57



P)6C



]`CE/!6I[7G@+#Y0VJT
*#F3:G9(?U^X+6;+`=[W-JDG0




M#V1G
\+%3.=0FV.H1#9C;%#8'4J??LTR%/)PRY(
MPUR&Y/?ZMXDRZM.Q
M@)I`9`(


EG(R)
F-[)&T.2FLE0



.('K/LB
-C5OWS2=F@



MP-#PK7L6HEU['L_/M


MP0






MR(Z'QL1*U8H$ECF=FI
D\`?1AJKH'E42;*HB.!AX=98T1JL*0F*9TZF9Q
EJ



D^KG


7D9




I6

AUVIQSN`
ONU?R\]Y_9-@GG?G#8M07Z.^=W:7SV


Y![1RZ;EQQ3^E[V)AM1
M_D


C?GP^*#
5(IK)&%#!!

4VV9
];D0*(CM^;R;&2J')
MC(!%MGJ$#

')%DT8*%
M

($4G

.?#
M9,+20AW<




FW:@9TGA%ZGG/F91XPK18E@PRT[8Z@

M]_$

.E
M

M:X)#-#AD^LU&A`$:S5U;G1ZW[VXY..GWH63EEKWF'ZJI7`TGEEG6`PQW$4



3]U-QIL.*(ZL9NK%D*G




#(R7H
`^'4:ID\&


M@M

?H[QIXA#C]N-6TZF#0.XB&5(Q%OUZ&7IL&
E#P/:0MCN+!LBG8WF*6Y@2$T<K3SQ1R&$

5R

875;MN




E?F
:W\X_?YIMI5KKAC&#
M@*'3)6Z


MPB'KFE/V(.E&L
YX$L5:8D_;GBO]VR7D(GB%IO^ALJ10\42]YR\^9(
1)T






ML[

M'I

M&MH1!2.H0_DSR2^
[-T
+Z6!L\0]-O#K8#`.40#@6DJS7]C:#S^C^5\```#_
M_P






RI#C-._S_;85
M-P
*%V1WUUQ^!FP#D65R/7A^/[F05;GFBUPT+`5T!Q7QN@]]9VN]PBX6(R9&

I9R7'HNX0;8KP[-VI(J2%3#!HW

M&R\7406ASC!&3(@*/-^)='^B^\.0[$Z*?D6!8M`4!/]'@5RD*XAHZ2($!40N



EH




`A)X0S#)D(B08(
MUFNE'H8O-AT!JHS9F


MGK`-G%[G]I1MX!`[MV=P^QOLUA0(+E_7_
Q_R]MSV71&Q4]`P5Z%L)LM7M_P



M



M**29^*'.M*X/(`#^.E6I1P

.(PX



`TPM3?KU$'K5QH

-FP&*OMV2S59R(UF_)
3Y!Y
1Q

ML9HLQ5[V!FY4Y!Q(38YR`,Q:F3R0!%`957Z0P_+V3&BREI6-$$.D3H`
M^@@5`Y0-[PTGDAH`3F:*EURQ/B#F


M+?&(:QF]B*91/XS$^XAQ6C*
(5:V
9KQAMBN6#J*O_^%0H7.!B#F6YV$D
M0C(K1%&$];F
EXP6A$7++91XA&_
BU&Q(S$'+Z[F$L
?`K4@\B163D417@%
MVG/&5X`.Q2N0YN(1&S

HEFX8NTVXQ6C-W'%XA1(/&)@IL6(W%(L8Y3)8F(BMBZL`O\N

M%U&].\51:(4HBG#!
`#CA\;7;-ER:9&&1`5C&+8\]J



AS\4;;_RB&\6M$L7/%=7@8WM.S5EUYF2%0QAEV0
M[
PAB[
0%YWZ]IG^M#X



XF

MN-U9P&V*V03(V[KNAA?Z`\XW4)__`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`1TRD
M

MO8^T_R'*O8F=[R!@-!#U[DBSTFHT


MHGH0SX'YDIG1

6N#@;_$B
$V
M8G-!*`



?

:*HQR[


&=2N#S0#
`[QN3E04U(X^2Z^@\``/__
M`P!02P



M


R`AZ*G]/9%
%&L[
MG#NSR`M]@%M[S
4]D92VE1ZYH-4?!?+/5(HD.)-


M

99#HT'&P5YNQP$I@6
M_)&%W2@BUC^CB
2

MRZL

M?X
.\
MX($1VFU<Y`6N@[N*UJ0[;=R__GSZLG`=QLNN+AO:X8W[AIG[=?OS3^LK'9[9
M&6/N`$/'-NZ9\W[E^ZPZX[9D'NUQ!RM'.K0EAZ_#R6?]@,M:;FH;/PRU&]+
MTKF*835\AH

GKD'M#Y*M&IYJ6_](%I





M%)



[4:98]#


&TM*[150]1%%L
M72FYN1XD5F\JC/4P3A[[32VB(6DU


M+GAM;)16VVZC





82*:<5B``_EHUD9

YEYH0]P


MP8*A@7OR%LD1].?`W#M3.@:OYZR1TER)UE2&Z8=7'!HS_,R68+]QEJFA\Q
MJU.
KR/6/4(64-)FHP




MA%'HC3]OK505-N%A

LX
GEBF]KJZ$+3M=N.&

$%``&``@`

M+4V=%RJ=Z_7G3ZL]%X^RHE0A8&AEZE1*=4O/DUE%&R)=WM$6(@47#5'P*$I/





M5PJTPIF-#_O3U6H)/&%82XIS=%;BQD;@8[U`O/]=[O6?!U`;=S./Y1-!B
MHC/!:SX=F
:G#J!


MXKT!`R$7)3DZ8'7W2'NDU6HOSY0X2K@&C3_OL=
P0\)FW)2YO
?`S?W!UO
MOKT5N?4JJCJ3Y=9F



Q(`^T[OS;SEG

^31^_J1JT!/&?FNK+2VP(L:\O.Z8ZXWWSBO$-2T





1J)O]TZ$ZZLL@
``Q!?AL-

S^BXD^

)0;YFIYC3Z%IH&[
A0[5Y7@Q




M
BYX;6R


XR
I4U.


J+JF)5
L;^*=06E(+1UT2

*3Z$0Y5%(+QM6)[R1L;2#2OJ07]IA*MN;))]@B=



M!9IHX&4P58
`^$52N

HY&@_%T]@`+8J\P36U=+G0ZHA@::G::E;P20%9N=L

'










MV
*&2
]/VP)&(
MNU/EN;'YCHPUCIOW\U!7H[R+_:+3/1G.H/N9UL=T4IQRJ

MB/


U_[FA\?!H(V4JJ#


DP7#!JK@2GS


M#QD7$[
A$0HB93)D7)+





M.E




MZ1@!W'4H
-
!X?B
I)#H?N9X


M=7_@0&OBVL:ZWW




$%``&``@````A
M`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!



MEINX[85*)9N5BO1A&



_

M'D4=3$M-
J0C)Y`6BW9I!'Z9E^D

2H0?$N:8


]KDJ@^]Q-T/T








M;JI)6@8



M#8.9/KCLZYH3+


M'D!]'9CV


MP

M]EWO+3ELX`'F&.GO?!?
A`=[8?S\GE$-)E,$X3!R33$(U0F'T2R\6]3/9/



M7#

`-(W)XS561$


M%%F5(%!D5;8
]B1$_G2F0M7\5PE!19E2!09-6QY`@\5FY5@D150D159E
M:;;$N0JG2!3/58)`D54)`D56E99\IA%XJMRJ!($BJQ($Y[9J5E8M[N\MUH
]
MS
RJ\V-6R4'M^!A&*^A&9B=-!U@])L=N;SQG'4.5&+E/S_@W#C?P[V
8QW`V

M8[
_-D?&55)$26+M.RMWYQ]*E_

$920C1&6$J5
VN3)-KL(=;)78


8)0
S/'M!
(U/V
%/

-,:'<6^=?%ISA*5XC




A48@#-1I1)Y7DI@+/`L`]1J92\Q#B%-@


M=6





MTP@W:$[U'1JEZS.

?4PF


O=%FYQ

M2RM/;?'L%J4%IWS:T@+VR;J!92&A!3=/:$T+ME:DM/!Z@D)?)IP':XL+AJ2T

BM`H[\KXZ%/15
M2JNP(^^K*');7(4=@2K1EPE?M*55V)&/$Z9@G*`R%G;D=3\2U/U^1.4]'L\7
MBTB74EL!^^(CC3$Z=26(WW\J&@ER=8GOQ_FT*^G=I;`4T,2F?%N$2Y






``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`";C(


!D#$-K#&I







#DR<1<X


M.[`S]KW/R(9(/\S^6Q9^


H6_NISJ*








MR;6Z8I55]95*N[VJ
7[[Q\/:0#L-!MJQV\R=-Q

G`#U0S*7Y$/`H

U)?
MI+C]-3&2^%YRX(I*UXW!&8LBU
1J]`
2Z9E

MVE3C=_UED;PO7N!%@075'[I`
6-]K*CQ7^V'-A2E9#*



M;LFQAZ05)I=#XHAKG#I'E/:?V`




IF#-(0*^T1*

Q@]1JC

]_^]]X5]!5







M;8.!V#+ECOLW$'*6!$2Z1;T=S6XL%[V
L84(*H93U9D+=_I]W*GPAIAS($



MKB$&A4U6.YTKPOTZKK2X:1/!6\M4)2O!`$6`4_\2DV'
30P-`1Z&+I5];I*F
M[5H45A$OR@C*'IFK=WTU[&

MV15!6A'^)M&0[)EG$&L/7N&=



[(+:$(2BS
M/6RCI.`B^\N2R4/!.D6GR&





M0TMA%[RO#J(8G9L+G17`$BD69RMQDF+XBD:1Z,:&CK#C;;$VUE8'(A2WXTV
M;9QMN#]SL2'!I1$N(24KVG#R&1&HK:6R+Z[*)5Q082`#%1L+4ZV+W465+^)

MQO5T_EY


M5NP8

80K51!D#SCQG$9Q[2;#P/*#(B2B8


MX2GOVW7


MZ5(I)F.0
-I42=2M#)%'@F`/#9Z*AG6XMY:V)XF!(C)Z13%P]L^J.]=15[[7


M2$N7W.=8;(O^FB(=4;*:UIJDB^*0DL'[0OA@UA`/23(&%C=&Z

F\+*R+*V[][V2G\7#4E(FF[!RBE^J.
MB5DJ.


)(!8$Z^#K-2
MTP[HC
`LVGH_U!%P(D7=@(.HDQBH:#E8DV%7
5XS)JL5K#@(E4VC'DS&U'7I

N1;N+`VT#!W+7V$/V%NHDYF

M-%O-UQ#X9F$%(TG$-%
B&%L+Y-33K=^9Q21$BF25V5!N&%6];.49&(6*;E45
MH=T[XBQX7*]@+.(@`
_5;5LA&'YHLR]7Q:WZ)2#-V+9#
U!TJ$$ZK6YLOX0\
M[


_(0@$'[#_G?HCJ/#\CA<
MWF-V-I6\8@(EABHPD0&(S%0SK1;C25VAV+@KH+V)F+4^%MIA!T:C@!]ND=L

M!;H1




H.L#(&I





M].F8$M/AKZ?Q+P-O^H.(KNZU===10^5!D_O^=8^ZN[

D/
M[:






K_1QFK&



(ISS3K
O*411


[
M%+3M(FJ.#L_-XZZ-8&1J







:%+B*:4E=6D1

%H`03Q]:MK_V%155$&





M'X`T!=R_+'%^







M
8@!'?)..T#D'!Z2]5GW2Q'=EK-3A4[9X2266#2)3Z80%QXYC*/6MNA*NZ




=CD=Y1\9KQA:%^DK&!]EIR0QS



=3/+?WC!/XEM4A/#D0TOZ
GVG/A$I9,A*(E.J6+14A81=\G!FMNL2A#M3#C-E`9Z=XBP
MJ]#B(S@W5*RB'KIG\QUW4'PF[2MH'`L#JPC`+&HK^Z^%I62K-D&]<
%Z&5L


T4=`?&A_7A;?XS






I!DGU
9Z9K

P+


M57OND@.[H2'EX:T(#]

-0&\YCHL8+([;D;/5=Q5^CCHYA#O


M#V$Q+]@U

MI7^C
KK0)+!0)R?98G)`E)J$[

^/'MCDI7
U8T.
LW(9$7?D3B@
M$]^NFS_PA3#GLL+)7*2DXNRD6'IC[V&ML5Q%I;YTNBT9*$TCMR$=+1YA7&?7
MER'/Y'610O*VA2ANHYNF]1/E%[3@$K3%:A4$.'`S(5
3](X'3-(-`J&$A9I+

$C7D5TQ:6?$
M:[BXH`3#-4(9KD-?%!(0IC9`E8RQ4T?@RME+11IWL[\U9OF]]X&!M`XO;'5
M1`@NRF]Y/\8C42,$Y3JH/+,/-QU9.:744/R,W7W=N/-:`AM&EBJ@-N]6'QX.
M7X3*K3Q'B%OO%#S1)RX[QO9OV)`H/2VNP'\G^,XWK,Q#;P+A7\OV#TV;,BC

;OS5B

_ZKW5;@
&'C%$Q!9FSO)\ZV8CL.





7.A3#TF'5ZX,05,\LP`<
M(DRD8(L#NJS6
.M23AV(]GK[M336C.1YN.2UAMUS/C))FT5]B=0#19RNA5
M:(RD5'^SX@TE(P0QE.4ZA4'/)!&:(GWQ'*%/$8Y,'VP6O0E'44$A2QGRKX!B
M9#A02T7!-GD]._Q2[_59Z.9B_HUGPDBJK\/C_GO7YY.9_E-%A4KSF*/7B3E
M0.N*UFB`3\&@E?PE&XM22X3C8B64[^H'N@][W913-SZP^I7@N-O#Z^EVWYHX
M^.^!B`DV65

[7ZN


MH6E+Y576E8NUHJT4+#W


!A[-W:V//
M(9*NY/K2FEIEA

M!=XTRM=M8-3BR[6F
G.)*Z:0
L9[Y$.5U.JRSGFBFZLW4:.T665ZIQ*%=B7K

MU!7T#62
MY)RN


?:$-^.U
M0L'V4S6JP[*G_$OB9AUJVZ

A



M:I]&/:@.@CT)MX3FL8&80`@1(S;I%I%29^)78V'CZJ6Q(IR7U0YV2
9#;V


M`[R0VSL+Z4D[WH2[IAGKW:L9EMF:),%9MX+BEM%BIRSJWQZ*U4ZAE`M)L-

M5)&4]M+I8N
4]K7;]'&_6CLA)P5(0/_1IR-ZO]VG(^K`15SLM[E4NJ8&Z[`R
M.`(1MJA9
V&[W3^O8Q
M48X!9TCLQ]AYJ&DU=LS1(_^4
!?TFC)B\?PP=`'I:/\H.:S]66=4^$C++2;7


&'^K9LL5

M1&O2A[9['Z1:JKKSU)ZD&3].XK&8O(J9RMCS/
H?.GY
2'ZP\^XAW73/`X4D


M*)D]^%WSJ*3.*-HW`W(R(;P

O&0JQG.8&AE)QR%Y;')H8C

*#!2


MO:1
'3N992!.9*JPMWH?

M?*U=V4Z4P4T-[450)[=PN$#=PG[I#E,G3G$X5NLM.ZDZ]9K[5S%35X';$Z
M


FJ=!Q1ZV&%VEQAO[G+)=YQY16X%


MGH309?MT56!_'2)LCZVCDEZ;E
IRLFX@7;Z)`2D3OK%4/FT2=!ZAC8`#N;^Y
M/AH%0NWGV#W
%R;XZ6;@]]VUC\IKR,BFOX)-J0!D0G#/QBFZ<
M6RKIV#%*;#[U3[,J)+J9XR$R2SZ?^M4U)1M]MAC#1\'


M
L`7-I^C`]R
M?0S68ER2HK+IZ,N`@I*1T&#,RIKTQI<0.OI7FS[`
FZG%@@&[[4]^JQ=.Q!
M



MT5C:57M`@J80#KRLS?-NP=2VWR-N9'L8*2D3AA[
B
RJ`J\/-JP`Q
IC%E?$

9!I#1RPA47:C:6Z%5P-($!I?F)AJG.7(OG?!!:.?*R83
M]BJJL1TW-:K,E+2,09MF+YR*(X4/:/L&^5SD)0TQ






MX:$(&6
'




+W33JI3`4ES_MF?&E\



M^?
-`--XVCOH+&UI#=U!+FW





Y
GQZOY4\?S+ZUM
M]_QDLZ?DR7'/]B_##6RW5REEE7K&D(_5\?PEC:Z/
KFL$``888`
1X+L`^(
MK3%#YF/)9!!M#@:;=+Q$C_8\8B7H%&QC39!E0QFLDQ^:'BJPFI+T+WV;F=V#
M=++_







M8Z95



8T!!$2,)PL&6;,K]!6<K3TVZ+%@!)CVD2OS7#FGG_!=-MY\
M!M?&@`/NS\):EVE@_33L-?D#ED

U9\9V
MC5(J.7G$\*#;


MWJ8X4J_J?BR

SQ]*U[$?*G6F/




`6`IW

/


MV0!]+@IBDZ[P0AU5.++QYAN32UI)*/U2:&);[=$:V)-F*B0XC(2TQD@]/&`.

MEM$
M'!8-3(CBQ1C;61?G`[





IFMMZ=GHA40D]/.`X:

M4PI^C=H$;T)'I'Y

M@/W@7B0&X-R+$8/@-`BYOX%=BKH
[3(U)3.QW$(%@JP*N:T3O#@Y42S6&!NC
)=%U_)R8(?[W$DME?9=)_*<5^^;)BN
M$#8(^5O8.I8CY+@<;J1CH`*P)/IO`8`0U

F)




M]25![TS5R2Q-TM/2M`4OM33[@3&C?:3

M[%:VY




9'YI


M\O8-][E4(?#E)V[:#DR[\]1'(9V@A`DIDU`/]@^\[Q0'IRPOPDSS$'K.=HBD
MZ^[5V

M2GF?9FB75]43%`V(9`

F\5S4-9N&7EBB()WRT-^Z5
M`5-A)J/%J8$#L2!UX!;[$!5@;7NV8:B__0HZO`D8K`^@NIZ@%$QNSYN)`\3S

NT+T+TY!^
&[LL/$J2EQ7




M`MF%@?5O;T7K9MZB
8!L-6=)TYMZSU!%&(R&S
TJ*=1A[:UH
L0@]4/X8Q

M*
WZ0)U@2INN)Q



MC3



6UPNX-J3+3E*975S_0


_9M!K3L;RAO7NAIJ1X(WNM69+H=QN]B@*3BN`'1

S9/I\)Q9H(-R2E7WS
M+J]:AB\$PI0+FP\;+FF
PU]H

J-
WIAR;6\?*P^UNX_QXS(Y)
MH2?%PMB7W
J\ILPUF^?#^Z?1%=;!=$GFDCGS90U;/@A3HE12$:=X66]$[X`V
H[`48[FNB6XI.T:K:5L*
M)P^]%EH81XC#'O8PECT8Y%\@/X=5-*6]5ECYX-;8U98FB2[JJ&MI5IB=Y2-

M);BZ+'ED6

M*.283M\:AM3K)W+9N0[@W2AW81U4]UM#K0DPY+NA)=@



M






M@?:W-]9RX@?3BA_X\I/'


BMZ
M(CJ3WN)(DLIO)HK!OZ0CE[7S^T63$U%

B4(G=U/


=6(X&(/'24?`!MAI+73_/^%0W5X6%1[\Y9


PV;/C

R42[(67EF%8)=^TN[?I
S@0+S\


LJ)S3!8^5H;4

M6#G^\8VU.



MS

D]2;9N.8OK@.2/@DS^+
ZFVN




JEGU9-(QH9=LSV)C`!#-W!T
C'BE:W;_A:EU4=8T?<UT#


1?B/$*WAZ'T(H&Z&





;`&E]
!\:V:CMF_6


MU?_H8B@9[)QFA
/K2M*A#)7\X?H44N'_;[X21W6KJRIK^CP

M\CB]!2BE&TW+0/
FX%^MCZ'\ZA(PEV5UN:*R75D
121(7S%6
E20T]UT_Y+0





9






U7G


M



&TJF[TE\3C.Z&%7
G-.#Q-;
M1O'O$P)%;GT


MHSX=/501IROP_YV1R4Z]E=.17
RIH)+$C#;`&BYPCY0$%@5?8D&NB%6\P2Q4






KT+\


M`7


M%P15LT-)(ES=F[/
MKJ7%I']&;&2XRLU8Y

OUL3):X]LPML^;.M5





S%S+FE;F$Z)-8/\79
MHG^#JE!58[T,-8[,#H/Z3J+@J7B`+\O!8Z$T$7B8H7H#@#F&B/#0@,-NMR
M*#P3?LCR&0HDDH26OFJ_B[V4S0W8:EW[!#?5V7@F`IL-WC]UA$5(^V@$[
#[
M_2M;_NX-K#I*NG4]=CG';AQZ8`,J\7#FJ!=I233&HMH25)M[DUUJ$O'#U[

E5(;35RLS0^U]JO-&Y3



M
AD7UT*^PR1P-W$(E9-*`O56M3/^A`1S#MCH83F@H=?N3PQ%=2SJF;C
M*M,0ARF([N!F1^(5S8F(7_%KP-@4'2LVT8];4MH&M4$M0TA(A#R/Q!DO.T:


!VWL%R_
7%)=)K:?$4#5+:K&Y(D3B^@*0*%

M%:BY131'0=LF



M#])&COT6!LRZ6R:#+8U'[:$VL0FR(G3AU:#8/^VRR:D5P157UTG4&9U;/&3&





VU1UP1
M_E/?+CDTDI0=R5C*20K(H@&7NAV#JCBG-\2


M\N+TA.M]E!

M/Z35Y4U
6816T*HA3$K;N7I]Y@4Z/94LJ)/(
.#0AFIA0H($3VD23'C]C.



MOODQ;2'!I?DY6

1E



F=SS%^B*/-


M
M\^WG[FWQX6F'Q--C#[<@=(R;^(#,XG0=H*[#;HLV[BN;ODFJLG[F)+\<[8F
MF^3KA.*\DPUL^O!^/]J\U.C4TV-RG)5S.555_=H28L;
`\ORP_O7RMF3NVO\


6DEUX+L+M&
L;Y4O?\T[+2.@S*-8%`:BR-(96[9%2M=Z
MKJS.,\+6,*#T`.N?SS&%

Z]


M]'25:L?





M\[_8.]?=.F_E#-_*PNX&Z@!R&CO9:?*GP)(LI]K;C@S)28$6_2%+LBS$D00=

MZ.]MWEY8EAI





M-;7M5*IF?8QXO4$2



?$N


2L@G9^-^PJ94*DG42K6'PUL%`B@#










LFJ8]0#*98!

M2!O\EG2DO29%G
?X]WK1W%^MQ]T!'ZJ23K:

MJ63
'2_Y3`_JEKT\4F&9=(

MH+^L&I1WGWQ/LRUTR(4\YU3%N]/4.R\H&H4]].Z3T:+%L.H$9
TRI7%H]8L7

M#-]4QQXZ35EI#8$/8M]K+KU;$6AN).$

M*AQ*[.FROZ):;H!B#J7BTU@V1ZN7AC*F9IRJX@[G[2MGW]@POD7:(18')4:Z
M

`WM-Y;U]_







MLT/1Z.NG_-/=15O2\ANU_#:N=D4N9I2G8I32$2GF*=9M8T;H7[12`EEZV&-N


/GC#+!3YQ8C?X]OB+U=UMU:;'WN3QPE]UX-



8(


M?9D+[#S[AI#CITX#XQ8YY`233[Z816@=PN!.6'+C2N08/\W/8068RIZ#87Z.


7Z_M


Y1
M$]E4C&T6T#_G+SZ@\[+H]DIDD6?/2^,2+R'D?P_R'0CJ*$%=%8)M)3/%+,3
M\CB]HI%2[-S0DRPVQ?T`)DDA,39A*1D'LA4)1LO;Y8QQO5'VWFF^?6U=EXO
MUICT%2!VR&9Y-BCK%]Z\&?F
F40.B\NRO*4ZNY=8N5?76?\=HOV`/5RN]B\Z
D*]Y^=RS0MX.?Q=Z^'ORJNE]D$9/[]:/<KTB<




PH11']#V8
I%*Q[C\*IYSMKM\J$XVH^7'W$F
M%-*U



MJDJNW(
V+-$7E_2/G;3R7Z=663*.LWDZ$C&KPRL53E&!H+Q#=GYB8TP[6)*[



D=)%HSN?_!TWV/PYXMC)2-]#2[VULJ*5

J&)$678X2EC`4!]-GKVZ%9%%ABSATE_KCF)G





MLL7#G^_J`V'R#NC9

M7+5GYS07S]*2&D6Q6[BRB-/5&J

M.5)*3WC'5*Y?=I8QN^\=P#VJ5[B7C4!I=#^E`5MP;O^3A0Y)9VQ1;


M9WJE!=@J!CT)&E(-]L1/OX;EQ8Y=?[%C@9:(:=\MBO#:RQ.O=+*(I(V\/+&U

QN_IXL^SU[EU7?:)V

`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0`TO)(&7`

M=#

M4M8@`8]LY_..852H0TWM1T&0^@TBK:L9YNP2#EJ6)

`'

71HKOI
7@-N1)9F!+Z:.$?BOD$ASVSTX_J`S\9$Z!2[2OQ2]Z^(K)
MKA*0[@0BDH'-BY=[S'-P%&B\*)%
.:U!`'PZ#9&E`8Z@9_7_0`I1+=TX]9(L
MB$.`.UO

M5@M&#PY4#=S).R1K

M6D/@!]!#(A.Q.4?$)X@/\GJ-$/GU&N4A2V-F*EAKR%2Y+./:#!8
`6#
]0+D




M@?%D2K`E[?3#U;YIR)BT(6)4VNP::1)L2DLM3]8:
BCPP8+A20AM\')3%-JZ


M#\1VI.5.C4N@#+P
















M=

MA`JP=G6[`#`Y+``=]/I;I@(P
`^1GRF,.`
$D\YLS:`?`\O&:NPMH7DO'V

N@OXK*-A9('48MPXD6^T93<<C<A4
M824

C;T;RYDF*+7+M\GC\X:Y]A)*W


BV$W39@:S1UF
L(9J.('D5R'*$$



3\E4?J
&Z*A)1C


7&2997M1U)[YH/*Z)$-
B55V+:[%RGP4
M&^-S\_VVCR^'0N;SZ;EX+'\OFL?JU,X.Y<Y0\!:163D-?(%'UU][K_3/=2=




-2T88+H0/:L@YU**D$
O*HZU+UB
MI'1!H@V3*






UXV!:L_`D/4U+U\*IBDD
M%&BQ,F@L@4!\(L$MYT!2'/[G_'2]/D.
(]`Q2O`))AW-&-M+_
ML6&#H(%.TQC%5\,!+G$K#YJZ!K*97)\O%<+(TW0!.]/K0W*
1@_EC9*CJ:]
M)@_*7'M



M1%K`4(N=74C9;%Q7)`6IL'!80VJ(9(Q76




ZRA%TNEO5M\P!;IGV

M`






M:&Z;1@1']AB^^ZR.@-'(8PQMGFDK#Q`O_5N2\-,1]*W]?
VWS6&I3V:&



V-Z\.N!(#@@Y-C
M-9


M&/@8!!B$&$08Q!AL

46E
MN):;QP8N


/`QR#`(
0@PB#N0?L\4E/:]&U]2HD$%
O@!$$LFX+X

M'_O#U:H_8U3?*R&1W




M#%P
/`Q\#`(


MF%)!HD28*0+55GX:_@5;Q2$:V8K/:7#;APL0$Y=H/$)\0@)0D(B0F)-H3P

^3T%XBMK


_^2*M]?JJU(]O!3XV
.9RF*W'/*;XTY;F]F7HL

$%``&``@`



<,@;=@GLP-K(9X-]DWMVQ=[;ZL=N![]+)64&WE?XA=E\8WY0:MCL1\;8
M(G][8J#1('&#2+#E(D*H!/I^:F-2`1^MI][WBNRQ21V(UF/L$`=]9
Z4=N
M*)&3;946]1\+PCV5)0EZ$OCN27#LAD$TFU_!XMF*.H
/5-/54HJ=`UT#FJJE
MI@?Q`IB-

_+*B'^TGN!3+



?!\G[!J&UKL_1@$]UPVB\@Q9C=8
H
M#N?OZ\93=`UXI)O$`Z_U:S%6]X;

M?_0
_;MA#?A4-R%D9-ABK.Z
^
F%H)
IN@8\[N!PI&LQYQV




M='

2YX;6R45EUOVRP8O9^T_V#Y?K'Q-U&2:8G5O9


@T!4
M!]H1
6
#[6%FQWA')#SR?2`&3DFM%W5M$(5A%G2DZ7W#
<;)M
MP?<C2DAUX=8/-_1=4W$FV$[.@XP0F\]XP`'P+1:U`TX4&7W.-TM_4]H7J+0
M#U8+7:#?#3V)R6]/'-CI
V_JKTU/H=J0DTI@R]B]@GZIU1`L#FY6W^D$OG.O







DQ39D8T
RG.6N


M&


X\0I=6D!

+G26[+AV'U#
5Q<WVW:UT(\%XNZ#:@*G8.S<S'ZS6%OSL*.\CW=T+85

MO3Q


#



J<40?017[FN#




M$7'^5KBF),9BRRXOMI:MLB`5&RDTORBTD%B*8(UR-
?UP[8_3UZ^VT)*I+


5EE([N*%C[0
K0%.$JP3_OETENCY7*:[4



MBG`]8


MD)F_]



M+(?8NVA!YOZ8F2X8A+












3F$C$]0WS0-XB$T&V14RCBV^D_B91.ILAI


G.01#
K^QJ3JOZ)XL`2N#&6
MHY&WH2XUU5VOC`3;JN:6*HV9*55QD-FJQLO1?)X-WH:JV?^HDF!;U9E7]XO&
M:%63



M
!1]G[3_8/F]^2`$)4A:I;I56:IGT\F\0A5I
XLDUI__VN8TCM9*.\0&R?




MQIO$FBGC%0B`7U0SO3/`$/+:_1]9KLH41S
OG@=1'THU(]
$V)47:0BM=_
!'!)L&<LJ6ZT8+H%9
M5Q:!/_^N#$K2


;RQ)IP
L.6M3VYG%F#/^J&P5B9


U\74]TT*#V44\
IN])-/`&


A/







MT:?2NW*H-@6#](V(BLZNUMDY[\S2/KF5OG2JT^L
9MGBB^??KY7P[X'`C7

M;A=2EV/?M&]*86




^@4)*IU1`TV$CJ90(
MZ1A101L*1,685NC[42&TZ$#3%IGG\;0
N/V/!.+;





M2;[9GELMTVTMN=R73&'A_K[;;G\OX3
MO7WJV6SVJ=XL)L^B.I/MYQC+=07*M;@YZY0Z@H3;SQU3?M4FH+A:%HBGWT
MD#;7RV3
GC27

F6M4QFBO0BMLL02E4JQ(O%6C%QVSGK%0K/W`I&?BU846WT#8?.921K
Z




M6:\KH
0[6$B`6`8[[X1T\VIE7/?BE)
`M$(@$9`82`(D[8@\BJ=CBR^S#%1R



MRO)

T






8Y[X3$N^+3


W


M`/__`P!02P

M'6/`*L;(=IKVW^\8`R.DG=J;.#;'#^]YS['9WCS)CUR;82J$QP%(4:\9BH3
M=9'@7S_OKZXQ,I;6&:U4S1/\S`V^V7W\L#TI_6!*SBT0FT27%K;;`@QK.22

MV\D%7@JFE5&Y#0!'O-#+G-=D38TVV8


%JMP

71_CJNG(Z6B!@.1!-]1CK/OE


M5=



MAZ(UZE-Y!

M-=T(!(TGK'74S\`?C;8IM\7+OONS?DW*ZGG7P72[

M

?&L/GI?&GQV%!&LE9A9D9P]PZDHG
D3[E@J(K


04)!2D%&1G
';-PIU?


MBFR*G3=WZ/
4BU:P%ROI#VN$+N03DZ_%XO\7U(04!!2$%$04Y!0D%*04;B

YQM^FDB$)!0$%(041!3$%04I!)H'7
M[V^^.7/&].CWJI5JA_/6)TF8JW;7=[QQG$A!R2DH-B3/]Y!1NLI$]W$.FB



M/[XTB%8?7AJDDR(.!0$%(041!3$%04I!1D%*PIR!2!Q1'F#U'D_87IWG#%7
M-NO!2]&%D81D)&(D9B1A)&4D6P@\MSS')
F^0HY.+

MY/;U9\E:1KV%.3;91!:#DZJF;#:2@/F$C$2
Q(PDC*2

MF\HU01Y-R
&:^]:X*6

M$D921K(+Z6OX



M\LU3^JB*4A)8E(2

^K2#Q@)&8D8B1E)&$D9R08B2]\K53RR7RGCD?W6

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`0
MD=%[)P

M




M]++FW



W(`S)K01Q24B


;<&8W3=I#$:+[319<7C
!EU6W[EU^A28%M7M)C992`GNU`4S.PLK'@:


T8-`^2
M#?I5NV


V8?'Y0@_;\!VCS%P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`


..$]BLWF/FN@_N:-J3?K]R?/YX^S5V'





MAQ_HZ2]&FF^DQU!MZ)/LP);29PG]VD@3!'LWT4^J`_\PI\$[=&S%O_3T-R;[
M@X!V)Y13QOWDK
:Z@HT


G!PXNI
T')
.5NM=SD$16_30F52<ICE+K


;?5




M8W4N5MZWHO$^O/S\T_-[57]N#D713B##N5EYA[:]+'V_V1R*4]Y




CFFFX5QFVE1'(`_
M)Z=2E@:



QL1

M^^-3(L&PM+092(*`$EXC9G:;MLP


NS:TD*+48QS_7#8RF1OENT:,F_F=9_S.,W%]
M!JJ(B,06$<'.?G_X92-3A+'`UHA)$AS_:3C)93A\[Z$N!D06H!0EN<!8YL<
MIBP;F90-2FO$Q!WC)Q9T/P9K`H'S`_Q0!$=$KTMH`2)C\2
R9-3QIPR6
&
M!_Z)I0Z2&8'

M


M.Q/#2:*71BA,(YZDY:IS8T\F0S[#$.CI?K,HXDJ0()`ED@)OF
@%*G'7&
M2;H-O

0

MAW.F6;5B:$:XA1%ZA#`

(51-NB]`B5\$.V

MXFJX#!D,S0C77J
4*/4(:&.P[LBY7-,TC1!#6P3QT[PLZ9A:X,)SD95S



\5SL5];[(BN.Q
MF6RJ-WFU&,&7N[?H[=KS8R1O,HSXFBWATLN.BQN267<OS6`6\I+OB_^R.M]

MW&ZX7_X'``#__P








MV:?SD:TOEIM9M'\#.1


M@T*#4H-*@UJ#1H-6@RX`UQ3:/KZ4%?\?\35F3'PY

@HK8+*FR0:I!ID
M&N0:%!J4&E0:U!HT&K0:=`$0P:2!(H(Y?*_@G#1J2FLR-I&45A31#R_:;50H


P)FU#)@ED1D/TBZK4JZ7L1Q3HD
M0#(@.9`2`FD`E(#:8T0+J0B!C2*N2,&!JUC*$C0=(!28D0#(@.9`2`FD
M`E(#:8T0+J0B(#1\DL$S-ZIK\PJ
M4&O0:-!JT`5`Q(B6VR)&07Z]?G^X__WV0)
5+7
&8A?1BL^N`XT1&3I+@M`Q
M\'/?:BVGOL1*HH5;2

6.C#'(&XUZ*WHI=KLXCZ:7LC[/1BHTR
MJ!F

NBEGHQ?






(7LB


7*T'+1*KE6BF
MENGQW*IHXN


MJ7MBQXH1_W+LF7)[*@O^=?A)W3NX31[4H*:S=1HX%([)'OD+U!V3.%/1\7&K



MJ8$T0%H@74ADR'1I%V3?VTOQL^A\)(6A&M?T;KYL2U&G\2PPMX8LW`4PZD
M\
U&GKWP`K9;@94:2..;C3QMX05LMPNMR+[0!=^)]
7*CN)FAK]9O_8QCN:J

MKAI$+:-A5QT?'G

T#PJ8G12S5)Z:Q$TWWHS7D





ME8I&3+L


G&;XINK39@Z
[6RR8R\'QGT[5BY2




48ZH


A/7

MVG1)O8`O)D
S.:+-QS93O8MEP)
S)
NOAY;_9A5;2T*!R!3'POZU1(7*L3

MBS@(*:(




MB0%N3\3[*
!'*7W







^
=`$F9R/Q1=^C,J*;:\_/.RK8

M/AN2GOAFL*^7LDA

MB@Y*UA.#&(N-M4/^XZ4848(H190ARA$5B$I$%:(:48.H1=0))/.-DA;R;;&Z
MHH%RYGO;U\:22CF+Y#
@2[5'&KN&I.([;8(H190ARA$5B$I$%:(:48.H1=0)
M)*-MJH'^EG

M
F;C4)2B!)$*:(,48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+:).(!D_4W*$0SI8+4W?BS:N6`D^
M.W$H?P)48(H190ARA$5B$I$%:(:48.H1=0))$





MPDG'(I'1*_7I2'QT

N_XP[AKU9KU(=TC1

MU-TD8]58MME=9%9-G4/A17P.)2-Y#NH&4[%J[!QD;YQ746VQHF+D)X?8H_$L


M;^_:2=X:2RJT%LEM._A2OVL8[B0C2A%EB')$!:(2486H1M0@:A%U`LEHTT@3

GY#!=?[LA5K
ML*U%


YG%L9!=F*


4E1EB')$



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`R
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$W+GAM;*R<77/B
M.A*&[[=J_T




?AU-QI]N?[%YN^Z

_C_2S
WP-%.&[@F(O&M*4DE!318J

M@+A`/`^D`!("0$@-)@*1`

M9`'$`&(60*Q@-A`'`N$`^(#R0`$@*)@




+94






M=RXD4=.4.@HC$HD0XK-2$3#[A!2$O6%D)%(A)?%4(A&K:&((]ZOF/X@5%?


_





MEIW?*G


M:%1^
(RH(G:S+(X8_2&F.
MF





GL\%RI*^0*1@<A$M$1D(;(1.8A<1!XB

M
E!E(EHBLA#9B!Q$+B(/D8\H0!0BBA#%B!)$*:(


A$M$5F(;$0.






M1I0@2A%EB')$A83D8=V:_?)88#;=OP-..5RO7F-5Y^$)48!G5#0@:J3$1+

MI1@H'^N:Q6E?('(0&0B6B*R$-F('$0N(@^1CRA`%**$
6($D0IH@Q1CHB_

F,_9]3N31=!:W\6PZ8]^29/KK.@OLO6QOJQ\;?[7_
ML7T]7#QO'MDP'IR^DKTOW^Q6_G.L'FY^WQW9F]G8$H:]KXJ]@6_#OD4_X_/










MRA0YO6S7WQ_VM$/:-\@)G:[5G?^5'4.;TX4C+40MD@GYS%CJG
9J1IF?DK5_


2)%P#Q%%B&*)SKLG4B3<4T09HERB\^Z%%`GW$E&E(3W,[.'T
M`V%NGF[598CJ3J=IT/C
&7)/K9A^P`M]!UAMHC&4V/$N(W5E&TR/^_GGS]/

M=`6+(ZT/!Z0,P+D(O(0^8@1&B%&

[Z3FSU'T@COR\2%WV:+VK

/083:25%
MF







M_%1.2S(X
=H:GA45+\Y'BIV]:I#BBC$+$8#D&Y!R$7F(?$0!HA!1AA&E!*$66(
M<D0%HA)1I2$]+.PX2PW+A5@TIU^RXQ_&'&F/6(`<5+F(/$0^H@!1BA%-*
M$*6(


M3\
0\6?J?





R-
MBGZT5O#I@<?&K54\S(S+[\1=3Y&!#81I*)AHQ*IZ-SH@.B:]L2VJLQ&)S8G
M:$\J5)V]E`E5=\+.N[*SEPI;TZ%59:
ZUTOLVSNZHL:'+O]^#O[-!;O-X7FS

&.ZBUEQG.Z
M

R.(V753UGZV:):AZ:^U4A;4&NA'K?8SH6U'H#V@L
M-8_&=*4^!C7JIDUXP;8?+.-


M:KU;QHL2NL5.IBD*[:`.9,A=7']R9G9`KH26J_0X1%UL:T,G?)0%]NNT(O^
M_:*._:-





?/\<OE4U-4%3#R5I[+[VAMUG:I8?#F<ZR9_.@'O
M-Q+EA;#=?['


&3:]Y]H\?U$<]
MR;M\O6SJJP.E#`%I+SDV!EF`+1%N%B29@&_%'P*/1A[1RLJ%'H00MU`TK^O(

)*T((
_@!9:05KH8T`;CP#
M@X.0$J):0FDF`Q@&*2N4PW`$B`R@
.01;=U+`A?0\S0T&4DA2L)#40C(5
MT5A`2Z@LL
#!^Q=WD^C:PP-]0R%7QN&8'_?.!/?H.%A%IB(:F%9JBT0&_
M?PP=-*3388A!Q^P1*23I6$AJ(9F*:'2@Y4TZ))[@V7._W%!/]YXA02;96LA



:H+-F8[/ND.Y;%\Z8&$QM@:3CZ_F01
Z^]XN'HB*#U&L)W0KA
#?(4?Y
MJ&3&P[GLOY3K12+)IN%
[UWG^#17H\`@8SI%9A2DE`A?0BPH
MM:%,@_3\X2A6*`VT&P3LL?8X(:80<VA$&!6G@6E-A2J0UE&J2[5E6W?SX

B*

M

M+I'?M2!`5YNG

M

M
+MUW9!X@6

&EX`2R3`V\@\`J(+3SQI%-P

M73!OJX[\05?(/_KL/X/``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#9-1IB5
``#/-





MD@

M0V2:391




848(H190ARA$5B$I$%:(:48-HCZA%=$!T

M`='10[X\.D4Q/GMFF(:PR#3AR*/3$&(E\D!F(D:K!%&**$.4(RH0E8@J1#6B




B1FMGE;45!25L)=%)$66
I&*.
MJ&`DODI$%2

M=Z%&U#:QH;



M_4\MK@U[&+OR/1M)H%M!(U=^D
Z(U4(']LB^!OK@#SG:I(X.N?]Y_C&4J%4
M)^=YL:-&G

!+OI:!A


M))


M@BA%E'*$16(2D05HAI1@VB/J$5T0'3TD]/*
EH=DI7?L$7W3A!MP[Y;\NN
MU$UU9RMZTZJOR%+&:)4@2A%EB')$!:(2486H1M0@VB-J$1T0'3WDZT:WP6M6

93-W8B7R]!49Q6B5($H198AR
M1`6B$E&%J$;4(-HC:A$=$!T]Y

4
M(8H1)8A21!FB'%&!J$14(:H1-8CVB%I$!T1'#_FRZ`S-&2TP$[.P2
Z#.T01


O?W518Y
=L)&KZ.R!JM)/PQ

=Z


-:A[586



V



H
M

(_
MF.:)Q(A['EM$24=SM?/%[<Q[IT_E^1)K[F4?Z:U'?[N=8CL9HEPU/;]5+V$6
M%S56HN<*4:T:H\]:^'UNSC7FJVH.[I??WE?&7U4'5(G(I6\VW%%.I.J&J]
MRP(7VWKTQ.(TAF\W:G8D[)BJ]HX#.H+GCM*8[G?V)1^1](/;<%U1ALKV4H\
CNN2)'L9PL<5,6(@QI;9!X<]O46D)S@BNZ(U=Y3-I+9D2'*PPW
MNFKC


M:\L7\-^6M%AATL(B_U2\4?N/G5AQ?-$,:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:(&T1Y1
MB^B`Z.@A7SF:]=

M(VH0[1&UB`Z(CA[RY%GKI




W)ESG$JTV9LM^N58G<W55W:9?M%(9P)VMX[QX&&*+;()J+7^

MWZI
V
.-F8WY8Z_GY/*
Z8JW
MX3:X@;+(T[:S(B3==V:3U=8:R1ME,;L2E#`*:'O==F.#VPV+U8=%IBNHI-V

:+


MQY]%]$D-7@-V@F1MAQT&]$-V+D!J+-C+%;L/6$D#::Q)=N
&
COT%U!
_%


7
N
$CRC9P1%EL=::*K=Q-EIX7D1AQSV.+
M;/)C.UG-U+XY88NQ0T`JGB5RNODL9`1GIMQ:V2/^:GT[5\.S.-
C/_[ZO'0F
M_G@NVG;(O`4F@P)^!\=:4;9



C%B]'%'A(7^$CAR!+D^S;O$X9)&7
JP^1=8BWDI2@W&`)3US
M1JO#AEO('*M^O`98X3
5NNN.2M
)GI5Z1L+V-[*E_ACVSC'CWE*
K#L9LA0C

M%M.UV!%.NJNGGD`/%P(X4`T:*`2/%@)%BP$@Q8*08,%(,&D&C!0#1HH!



E`)&

)('&


@A1H



Y7V4/E8BG_G;:AG2A%SYG`5^;D)3S-=YZ:G



M0'MO.

U





M&U
6\FDRFJ8LI+%)@-_1'Z$RVA%

K

M



2^GFT._-[:%A/VUV9WZX#$OH
M-\CNS(^.80G]XHM`\'YOJ`)3S]6&:I#4YY^+Q%+&HI!$XS!GDKVP9*62@ZS
MT$K4SI94$NI;.UM12:AO[6Q-):&^M;


\&(.

M[Z_OOC[^3MOHR:WY4I*7IS_

M`S+^_?GYC?]!`_K]W\\O?YZVZA__5P````#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`@
M3

M.A+'W[=JOP/%^P8PD`LUR:D)^'YWG=U]9@B94).$%#`SYWS[;=ENR^J_@22U
M+[G\U&I=_I(LM05?_OCKY;GW:[W;;[:OM_W1Q;#?6[^NM@^;U^^W_7__Z?SK




JZ=3!HGH^G%




MO@2!!*$$D02Q!(D$J029!+D$10L8@M`B8PC2_?3AN:&L:7J1LQ.3HS8R9]!4




9`$2`HD`Y(#*=K$T(D&.^AD32\^
M+I-R9

0&P@#A`7B`?$!Q(`8%$0&(@9`42`8D!U*TB2&3

M46$@4SIU-I5Q@D]-

M480H1I0@2A%EB')$A8%



M)B]JHTO:OC:J6F





MVHC7'IN]JRWNK[O)\$8.8
Y#!Y&CCETV.E6ZIXVX=-\LW;J^%JMEP'E.E1ZR








M
D0YHL)`IBPJPM:6Y8P654#.T*)&.G0\MP`M$-F('$0N(@^1CR@PD-'FL0P`




M(S'$\DJ#RT;:K8?(%R5!9]=U.U*2V=?JV-?
=.KK

MBN5L7A9/AY!6?`^17:-Z-H^&

M?E^
BCZ$+D_%-3+&7F5U.D;%^70DQD;D


ME#+N2K$FY*VLMO1F32FE7(
@Y9)2RF\#@)0K2BFOD\@4RM*9@S)TVE
C.]MX
M
RO*42O]CX;4PG)'`2GTW05TCQ9[A39-
[4EZDH944I7'MHOS=1F`//05R1\

MS$
;Y9G;F4)WK6;JF@WFH2M7
W7;!E/HGM5
W:+J2KFBE*X\=
5JIB[=8!ZZ


M[8'_H4H-FJ^$N?L?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`8JS]/-$8```FB0``



MSY((VX





MP_/AY?#Y]1V9N_(WBG6^O;J](DL?WW]ZI!JXL%\\[S]_N/QEONUN9I=7']\?
M`_2_C_N?+]%_7[Q\/?S





M.IZS\HLS\^&2PDX]ZX4&S1\?UZO9^ZL_J*
_!
T=:N9:L6.%Z]7.;&)!:D%F



M8R_B8@F0%$@&)`=2`F!5$!J(`V0%D@7$Q5#6JO.B*%3ZQAZ8OKAT@SI7M3'
M$$@*)`.2`RF`E$`J(#60!D@+I(N)BB&MWBJ&?BUZYW8+TR/=%=3A]&2QZ?


Q9)TU

M+Q6LFF6W[:^SU2ZVH2+NCC(JY`.AI2





1K8-+CS[AE1
^,EY/B3?[+H`K^
M!S?L;_!?BS/VWPB:J'^K_0]NSZ?]ZQ'E3M9QV[J)<;%^1ZO&B;'EC^2JE3TR
MISFSV.[F017O8PEJ


MK?&UN3$]KN




=)%_9+%(O%4

T/CH2
M%LGN*$64


MDYO9SJ/ULL]*[(Y&=:(41I0F-KFRYE=(C)6C,P!84QX_]$\6JSDDWY^6:^










M:9=XI`U(/Z2\-D]V[43%44X0I8@R1#FB`E&)J$)4(VH0M8@ZA71(W6DO7@E.

J$)6(*D0UH@91BZA32(=TXGQYHL/B

MWR%*$*6(
D0YH@)1B:A5-J$+6(.H5T_-PV.YXPH\W:VW/C[A
]N]_PB#SS



S-P/N3




MD'T`
.
24R
E9]&4[X)%

MTDU

M&(GU6MX]49$W.E:1)U.NI_2:9AA9F&@-3
N=Z8A6K'*CG
)H*DVK#\IT$5
MIL[;V6)M5MB


M&W/L[$ZXURU.JY0:9W8J?=O'LK3\P_CS2(V_'DG][
R1!%-KF;Q21!DC&2&Y



MXC8NV;@_=PU\'9$%4]YK

U3D3$E4D#XJ0SO@XD8\74J
K%\KC[0D3LOF3C?@C16VU
2JAB


%
0T!JYL2D
ZNBI+


7WRV_B$1+Q;2A..B-*$*6(,D0Y
MH@)1B:A5-J$+6(.H5T*&EY4J$\$3\G-PM(0'+W[EMO%
)2AEB#)$.:(

MK`6-.VQ8I!QTEE4[+`+R(=4#Q6;+SC17)@EV'BDF@M0PBH:+3(;*Q24?&M




I58JUDTY;P1$3MO$74*Z6:UI^T3

Y6)YO+4+$;'[DHV'



E]G1IU2Z:B[7,_O<V_]AF%^$@<D)HY
07-JB@%+4BJ




M/L


1BJ#Z7#MBZIA'Y^F6]_&;SG

M*T




=



MRU84*5/PL=AY
B\XBW10FGAT.KWU4A9GKLFP*
;D$-MM'/(G$1Y2GBF3I.`)

M4V[]H9

486\KEP)Q

#YPUH












M965T


H4NEU]_+#8?FDL:T`PRU6J)ZR;!6-&542YHF$U
MO




MHRG@G0U3^H$;3N30K=*B^F-1;4H]2]QP+AGF;K1S`O]MTFPW5&;X#W19+60
M8N=`U8D:HBI03\!XO&
(!6#71OP$D%5PUX5'
/S*IC/%O@9K*
=YLYBX-EC

MWJ-NP*UZGZ6-1/%`*AZ7@D(Z]-/4:!C-W-G9.MV?JEDXE.TB
/S+

MLA
O=B%\N9;


M.)3M(L


B[K0W

M


MGN-XF*SMI8/[-]#T&Y*S;T3FO%9.R3+@]-I:D?;:L!







!
M^OYNN9LMQFZ_&.&/Y?92U=5+

PGGC]S+#`?/1=UDY0LY'BT?:N;ZO@O-[)$
+M7[

M6V&S
FTLW2)$R95%C:B0$R!A`)KJ04RB0=X`IT*Y@7GQ?W##PC!NL*L5
M`AVR!%H@2X1!6(*)!184RE0$:!O`-H1


&L6SJPB15';)AM'8(\TKLT

M()F!Y%U$:Q3VPSL:9=9ZHQSQ.HU*1$G=F^M*CX0-5*6F@^/K1K$TPNF0R-(
MK6B`M%DJ8RC;&QGH2?+I!&&SF5H0#3*8`'3*.O
AV9?;K^N*F@*-I@KFG%@
MG^2[)PNB
\F1+I

M(&L#20TD


WX]F2YGDW6K`2=
[SCD[S78Y_T#@XO#;99I#1.!$AJ$E'(<4%BDC;#86D!#X?.:0W2Q!GQZ!

-.<)'[^(:*2-L-A:04+5K+4BS?H`F;V!UV@TE#U5
M1I@]T[,[MF7K`YVC3T]VG6IVU7#'`B(N,KH+(=T59MKM;`:5K4TPF9CBT.H

M$563X0^%%5-!K_@B98318XS.#R/NS#54+2KJT96@6A@-94_-[!EF7[9'H2M+


M&37BAT]^K;E.MX(Q@DA(5I!Z?VKB3`O:+*8H1@VDH_DVZTZI$:7U)N*2%5

MD5BK9*CP5$'*S\B?872^%





RYX;6RLF%N/LCH4AN]WLO\#X?X3










)QJOR`U



OI4M$


ABF]N%8\





QG,/<NFDQL7
M^)9-YS,N6%LVG=6X8&/9=&[C@MRX474P2<VK*0=7._;=
;CDH5E+SH+EI:]




MS0PBG.N'^6O37+;+9;U[+4]%?5==RC.





M#R^O#90[`D5:V';_





)LB)VPVD4YSR2?ZPEG9.-D+9

MN3TH@C@(2&6E35C$`5F:LH?#M1!#%IV4P+Z?GA)-IBD9XF+1D1

M7HO(\SQ7:F8S0N&M&2.G024%E`4X^N(FZY/DUU]&WH(`751)MP16J:XO@@


&`9VZX+T0-:/]OW*$
D091#KJL/=S%6L3875
MM+JT(1Q:-Y2C%7%NJ&*X`MX]!)*

MM8^P=-[0AZ[#U4=NVHE`$N;8#R-O0TZ.U#`P`\PR.*/


MQ#'96\J)$

;C4
:]`XLK

MB=-\A/[/FYW4U$@8TB`E-0@N2@3P%0J9D[$Y.4
D0Y2-N.JTS_B\.G0G=B&%

GH]#=13&X6




2:-%SJ


^[X/L

M;.'1.



M2P



MKUGVNN:&04&!)H@2Q\14!0+@$TGA)@



JGD/J(!C#'FM_
M



M+GAM;)Q:VV[;1A!]+]!_$/0NBWOAS;`=A32%FB!HNCEF99HFX@DB0=)W_?

M+__Y^]



_N17XLUULJZ?R==?_U;S]6M7/+[U9[M!$9`.[
MW7XKJFYC

^GQY$#*^6W\Q.=UX
M3`88LR5&#$7D)X2-VKHMT
#:\!U(FU1PTLHLZOGE.'&TDRA')2B!;`J1%)%/
M$8I!BC

OI]1






0G$

M%







M:-;'47)@#WH0JHC)2#&


H*`MI1HFB0?R0
M:H037)


M`(3[/!\I

AK

GI'+&21!+FEY
HG.-(!P)OE(@3&4%]/`]\M36S1/&LM*
MYD&8#TR#-`IT3P6Y&R;8A5?H&D^9
KF[PO2

1^DG+4SW-
ML%1U
/9L2O6[-
V6`4OJY)3L
9@IS((?0LWM@!TQ[-L+UNO)CAXN`55X-0%^


MQ:YZ
E.#F]A\=0OO-



!2&[ROU'2S?#P:R3`:%C))&


M5I2@N`UT`S6^R;51W.'2%


7)G2P2B8

6NP;B4]DQ*QM4ZK/YTJ.K$Z2GRBX/U









^_+*#CD?;U=4?S[MVO_RZP7'_S
KEJA_;_I$
OUVO]FW7/ATN
-S$$4V/




^HR]91`!C6'&^OKJU3/)T!]C'9'/)W&-2\$O)`6

M8K)C#8\S-
F683_NO4?FC'
EZ(2DOFP1(XP.EGY
QZS#O+H(&^+#*]&
PYDZ


9E
MS@GE'




/JV9<W28C%!76A%ED;JA
%FAPHI.;//4;G(/
M\14J[8:RB%


4=TF[K2ZG`\XI

%D88



M8]EEP#D)_[#[9HI9./

M?H4&_R&^

8?R[
1N)]H&'N(:9=#O*(KYN+<KYZLYRX`N4Z6^
MXB'!5OH@91';V&HX6^$K)V8\]8[*0WS&I==1%G$*A8`X)^$=9L:'W::K4E_Q

S[2Z*K4.#PD!
MI=51%I%]USJJLZS#9HNVX]V$RCMK^









B!6KPF$N)E*C!`R4M`JWQ


MX'?P1%2+X'?P7%*)Y-#`G:3(79)#`[P2I]5``[Q\ID6@`5[JTB(X'KQ2I45P
M/'BQ28EDJ



MVO;0_P%%)^'STMO_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`[3@Q87X'```V(```








F
ML1+$406Q)B0@)0D(B0F)$D)20SB94H;+=6HFQKF
%BN7%K8&%L!SCQH&-C

XF5

0@PB#&(
$@Q2`S@)4?G#.L_'[R

@LF='3K5`1LZL
+9-['3U*PZ8

M]50//)6I\N%'-CALR6&NV

'EHC^!%LGD

MU#:3([
A=8,S]`I&];`2&A(&(YSQ8+!RVMZ*JK,8F8$)+:?<PG
M<[PK9)?ZLUBIVFS='YN^?(SN;5;<H26+SI#KAVA
NTD*)0J*#:UR-TI.FI&


*8H$@JK1B_0#T1
:*J4HLZ+;OK`SNNG+SU6@..GKE;IR.-)D

M15^WEK_NCYYTOE1GV/1ZGW2

A19$.

C74J510%%(4411

44)12E%[.N?


MU!?_Q_\!``#__P



MVU8SYKHV*VYY=2QO+UOM[Z_AEY4V:]KL=LPNU:W8:M^+1OMM]^LOFX^J?FW.



%\OYFV%E.M;LOBORUS.NJJ4[M'.06





MF0@.$;H



:!


U]!`@4)%212D%A!
M$@5)^XB0.RQ20NYXO9BCQ6NZ*E!#T0:

MCP@YPSXAY#R=*&*+B1($[[UH73LHB*\@@8*$A(I2*P@B8*D?41(%#;3R2*




D=62/SI0P!-($D/:3`V5-3P`BM6;J`6E'
MJMU8RM
AI(21XNK6\NB1Z#%7HKDE%(*=A@WF@-^XV_9(%T2_T0'V$WZ3\V[?


MYQAR\`+JZ-)8AD1WK+Y(B3-=7JKR@


MZ2XBCQ^\T&
RV7\


M[0GD6`PZ$


L#?FQX\O!S0L;PG

NA[<SE4\<CVXHP.^8$[`JYM[]E+\D=4OY:V978H3

M='

BYX;6RLFM]OXC@0Q]]/NO\!\;Z%)(1`5'I:R&_=2:?3WMUS
;E:<P]^/5G?%1/3^6V*KMZ[$XM=Q)71SR%L;?[
MS@]Z.V\^X.^;UR^OY






&M()
MG%U)!F'4SQA[/C5DD$92!T)0B)8D(20E)LC[1Y(`EY`8YF'4G!P:QYL2&
M:I,V7/+B%T:8;.`D)0B)8D(20E)L3[3883748N?KQ1U;P:]G!6NHR\)


]BE!^CU%$Q$=




M23:6L+J66H$R4F+S=B*SK=ET;FSKD6@T&T@M(?8GND]H]RDZYYEMS5QS&\G0
:HW7&\2A:X

T'YXVRPOP(*`HI


]I6K^RU-%@^W$O
WYFO





M\V/V_+:ET:8XJ0C\MMO]KD3C1X6H\S7T#H\1*-\O'K??[G^^'.K=KVC[_/WI

MX(\OT]O1I^L_:.D^:)D[E!FZ$@N64.M4J5U*L)(@E&`M021!+$$B02I!)D$N


)`&2`LF`
MY$`*(!L@)9`*2&T3)TP4#PC3D&[7Q/L7E.KHAJ4AHU&;VQ9`ED!60$(@:R`1




MQ@W`JA7B2PE!T1I(!+UB(`GT2H%D;2_CXFP@MKQY*\0N%J!H`Z2$7A60VN[E

%(])

M:DZTR





MLL(C\NERV`B=*@RU4CPP
)BTC:HNRQT-$%]:&O?
VFU8I-3


C
MQ.9S-F^O]-E`[&D+[FB[X)E[[=AVCU/)JDP`*O9!!P!21
U];//6I'8GFJIB

MEQ%:CUFYKM#?3FY%UD]8HL]\:C1W^Y@9(;[X7,WR0W%SP2%SP7/1#MC$KT
MH6+M.O7#2J]9H&
$W(FFBEGV1+
VP/U;J%%3!J.2)X_.G49DG]$T1+1E&(

6-1B.3H18C0$M$





*$&4(LH0Y8@*1!M$):(*4:V1KURDZF?VRCL1

MHAQ1@6B#J$14(:H=Y

PI)618H
UHZ-!=\K0WN$C4T:)BRG3(+MX
&Z073Q@Y+HN:T5&


[T5QYF55F_7BAB9
M`5LCBAB9`DR
*&%D=*6(
D:VJU@K





)W!DT4LT.=0ZK



M^Z!K17.9(&KN8YNW%#OSC-+



ME!D]%D9D@IX`PA8ZG09J;XLM=$@-U!876^AD2D/ELT-G&VKQ^48[8VKQ::/C
M*EV^KX4V_H':Z:


M?+[1+_#4XM-&C\70O/:UT`

MMB3?U+


MWB\-U&MFV$(OE5(



M5V6+.WSL)T#G

`_5.AMT[Y

MHNIT[B'=(2@BPN+#1XJZ$B(*-)

&\.#JT)\W

M




+JD!T4200X2R?=X/
C'613!$%6$A




N`6)@.T!OI%$9_5S+
M[=(X7.22W7B=K&22:U(?KA1R3ICWV*049_&&$O(2Q`L5$HOM:&,0[P:YU-K
M,V(LCY4C&?:FQ_W(S\QJ


M[F.048U&WR0^7ZA6HP5EW

M2835



M;A-I+$T\@%M&
]'(L!%),/R!+CO^WY'
M2[3%:$E4D'2[^^TGT!6HNJ':\@^Y\:B/V3]64!F;0`*7_[]U_O;W9_[T_EP




MJV14[O*I5!E(
ENI7&



M2289B4K]NY&HZ6LM[DN5-77').;H3&

N
M5@?2`-($T@+2!M(!T@72`]('
@`R!#(,@8R`3(%,@,R![(`L@2R`K(&L@&R
M!1($B30'
.@AE88UP`#&V!D`PQM8
362&?*6TAGFG\_$G=WT*J@F;X1H;4D
MGU4-2!U(`T@32`M(&T@'2!=(#T@?R`#($
@(R!C(!
@4R`S('
@R!+(L@:



HANZ:FE5








MK:



V$@J
!?DJ

WJ-Y4P.R4R
CJE

M-77ILHG+6P^E^X@&+

AR=;

Y*'41=1J+50]1G
M)%H#1$-&HC5-&8D6A-$4T:B-4

M2]:TO:8VC*ER

5&XFS-:*-Z2SO^SD8N.+8NYQ1DX4
H2:+

6]&S
M?&-J&B%CW`)45YLZU5`FO5



MC$1KA6C-2+0VB+:
UE,5]67HM3ZE);4NJ7^T
U
MMI+7GNJI`T\49L%;^8!#UL


;W[]_8:JGN-


MR$QRWYJST@`;63BSGS[XHMWQ):!/OFCFJ@*WG+@*-

MU(+@ZE-S0:8CGM#3(4\P'7.I'4TN44]'/2P;Y7;T-=KHPW/O^]./?6W_]G:^

M!#E2D_'.EE`_0='Q1S=.!U!(%.A`N$PIVHY9??$H!AMRZS0Z\?A]WKM
M4DTZ1)LO4PHURW0D[FAC)=5URQ5KTUZ:ML




[V*_T'?4]


MTX
V6UL`.(*$RLYHX5R=
&9%`8K;0-=0X9M
&\4=+DW.;&V`I\TA5;(X#
=


&W\\%$O';AQ3.*(XVQ6NS!



O






M_/;MX_5P

M?RJ#TF&H3_X[W9GYRT5=[+

M-WGP^_07[N;X9C`;]\?O^;M/#K/]?
=SMW96GX(DOG^[__3AY?FO*\H\-*JO
M/^]-'NLOC#8.#^O#.F#:XH7FN-%R9]1\O*;V%`JO%.1_?II
^Q]N_Z3`?'`R
M2Y11$A%+F-`Q:F

HGP0.:5Y+.#:
-(47*?.0XWTT@H-*O60J/A1+FC%JK]




KK54SR6HB
MBK2QO-8C
J/A+#16U$*LNJQ5
UG51!1I8U6M1V3`V+H68M6;6C63;4U$D3:V


@*30*@.2


M6NV9UK40J]Z`HBV07=W*5ZU2U;X68M4'7U'@
3H#7^`Q(QUZS!+?8T!B1SR/



M?5\BBAE-)6

M;9_&IH88NK




T7;'Y^
C\8S&[4BEARHR[S*Q;J
E^)$)M?(]H@V@IJ






V81[4&]4!OJTPGJZ[*]82.Q7

MM6OQ.C.WN-JL[



M6/%&%!
*W69J/Q=



R98'..D23+=VA

E&Q9HZ5`8



MYE=BB\U7@CK

K*T)9#_

&@)2US[
MENGTH

MN&AT_1;S.;?S5R8P7S@I-C_JJ0?M2E;397[%0F*^$M1Q]VLV;VN\$_UEG0UK




M!W&




V;
M0$WH$E
+\+?-[Z075SJ0@]K2[.KPB*0&
F(I$FZM'\0BQ#U/'.)'2T8W@^##




AC[5



M(L4[OL#*Q

M3`LUW\1)T:;0:*;O'\%&V)H.$K:W#(0W:DZS?IR\XQ![^`VPR):#]V-JMUK
M-')MQ&,QHL0A2LLG-?.A.HEW(;R8;T

E59?^FD
M@CW[:*[/82+%_8P1)8A21!FB'%&!J$2T0E0A6B/:(-HBVB':(SH$*-B+4
6\



U/
$KK^:Z_N(:TNFW:[2M*N^(





DK$I0
MRLB?HV=HS[%=@:@




M1J]$
0O1UD`V#KI2GX@49YB4D0QR)LC3I;;D.0OY!N&G;@J18H



2AFY-5<$*6




MQ&1



M%

MRHU:XLH-L.NE&


M2*(L090R\F/X#.TYMQ/M!:*244


HG`EUN\C%C*CV'7
M4%#BI.H8G@_Z\Z&J8:8LU!)5;HJ!\ERZ(-[G3AKMV$][$V'
[T#9)&6#MAY





M(_V:9\^\#??+\_
;_\
8^.OYY??3!N/3_PL```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

Y+GAM;*R;
M6W/B.A+'W[=JOP/%^P%L


MSNR^3)*?6W^UU*VK/0]__MSO6C_RXVE;'![;5J?7;N6'3?&Z/;P_MO_U5_C'

M(]^O3YWB







M6K@M3!/VBVSH38&P
%78+]+=VVK%;&&C0A:](8H6I@W[113LW]A23!Q+98Y[



M7`&3!%-Y9C*/;2@/T\`))K@?3T/W_J'[`R:EC;`941M+MQBC!9N!F*QO@L`$
MH0DB$\0F2$R0FF!B@JD)9B:8FV!A@J4)5B;(*J`+X9$Q@D'T_X@1DV$QPMX=


;!S8XE5G-
MT8T:82C+B0D(B0F)$DY:3B]$22BD.&TU.I4[&Q#:.9-$*GYX0L%D2LB(D
MXX0[K446>E&+;$T$X2R%(636>@@Y

M-
+*YH*HEBTD44)F94NIHVQ(RU;2O+..$MTY(!MMI:
OS6

M


6@\8)Y4I;BR)RC0S&WUN


Y$

AZ9U2L2A&5K!

M*D9.

MJ?(%&C55OE1&6/E*K]SI&2

X%;DO0FQ&[.8$D



HCDBI;Y0Z++Z$HV4^HJB#%'-+`3+FA;K*RL+
R]CJGP:

MH@E%4XIF%
TI6ETI&A%4:8A/2SLEDF&!1;'*['@EU):+`2JWVRM]ILNGD
M4Q10%%(44113E%4:DAO




B&B:E\1Y1BMI+*Q'4F4`2JGB&@W
ML65$ZZ;FD56:Z]L.@?0=L7DE/D8K:(]





80G91X896!GX+%ECY:!3YF?RT%FE!C!)\YE


!-*N4+UX/WJ93[



_X!%7?E?\IX^B\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`













MN0O;?/XKV;T^4$3)S


S'1



MP\/W2C]@QL8+#11GY1=GYN
YQ9N&PBL-\G]^6M_


-X3#HU#6LR


4W@))@*1`
B`YD`)(:04@-I@+1`
MNIBHV%&
5.RF`^;4.F!^#NORWE;(`F0%$@&)`=2`F!5$!J(`V0%D@7$Q4P

MT=L1S7QQHYV5O8A-5[UI)G5/Q)!UUO1V(LURJ9VUO8A-=[UI(JI_KDW_1
G@

Z&[S).XV($D@UX?UP_QJ9JXB[8_S561@






)O3H`JI;KV\



]^X
M&Z<7]*X8;_O+([5HZ-'X#$FJ97


!ODHVQ<OD.2SN

D@3

^090BRA#EB`I$):(*48VH0=0BZA32
M(:6$I'+-S]TPG!63@CQ2MWXLY
V]2LV/'LEDAYU'&AJ&^L#ZXM:N!H)@\@Z=





0#N7[-KH+W.@RDF7!%E&*$64(<H1%8A*1!6B
<D@22(5G2WCI*%^?`[%14G
MBPQ1CJA`5*J$-6(&D0MHBZ@@<?M%FYS&-\EIF\.![F9^WY[&3\B&E2$HOA!

T50`FK]&@V'_*DHN+H9(PD.CFB@I$
YQ)1Q4ALU8@:1F*K

J($S=:W*I/;YD514$N2^(:

M506B$E&%J$;4(&H1=0'1#SHO/9SMINI(D'$GY3YUIV#I#]_7=@/`*IWO]

_
MR9`(Z@UI4$T\5L@*U7^FD_


M;


OR2Y)6R*4$9(YDAN2)GLU+!8O$

M

M;-SONP;^K(D%4]YK

]
M_0_3SZ

;K

44G#

M2$REB#)&8CT7-&Z]8)%8+Q%5C






MC`ZV=)3M]MVN5$XJ.J]Q5Q^0KY712AAE4X_MN@L*HY.QDBBDR,J&,EP+A%5
MC,16C:AA)+9:1!VC@4A3BEI_\AX=G*3?CQ2.;Y'XY

G6DZPJ7+?

U8


MRHZ38%UV3VEH=Z0$S=8G:ULLFCJ%0D0R

ML?



M(DEE*:*



M;.C(@HX


M.K(=/)+0D70P.O0P+1T9B@X]Z;E)!ZUE9




MZ7*=6KK:O?[^5I^=%])V%6TVKC^9N@YI2KJOFN/&_?NO_-O2=;J^:/;%F39D

MZ82UNKS'7%VT3\^7;R6M+V#BL3I7_?M@U'7J

MF:^KLJ4=/?03




A/(%4#3
M`

M[V!I)Q:26DAF(;F*:/Y!Z][O'Y)U_Q@2*OY)9*R'T*B9E'/@0]9
&
WTFLDD
M220KEZ8!T41$7Q&!9%T$0U01%I)R1'=Y;K@L2=)EU9#F

M.PJ1@3WJ2KW
8)MDFR?:T)4P1%5B(2E'P#
E^
:TH9%++#
MX+_X[B%%@%($6_)XJ0Q:)E8-T*Y@`;KNN
X6N]WG`UBS7$&16J=A$NCVQ*?
M*F!\HU.Z3T-7G


MH+077^#!GKPXWOX'``#__P









3\4U[H<U;8L]43B`+K9E25&W
M9@

MGQ^#QK?'O?%H

E7-N

6_3YSEG4
_1I`(VRD?[PY%@P0+1`M
M$<6(5H@21FB#%&.J$T1E0BVBJ$-6(&@_YN:`IX9Q<*+FXH1AD9^.Y^NE%



M3GK$U+PPHG=*05;%'1
C6B%*$*6(


M4P)*0B((*&5_)J#;B:SW9*SHBR@/.9









:(4H090B
MRA#EB`I$:T0EH@VBE&-J#$H4X:G5??.\I%PDPQK_
Y(M.&WKWK2Y^QXHJ@


M)*/D8LQJU%
M

$$W(O6/8&V?C\ZJ21[D_S@SJ+A:QP.TS)QQ=++(B/L^E

KO.&!1T]X(\S$GGSF;/Z[5\_C55+
M








MR`T5:T56Q9U?

M+HSHG5J157''Q(A6B!)$*:(


3


MNB$$AI[)65\
[!


ML2V#L2TH-K5WPC94.XGBX!$JH41J)X5MJ&Y?1V*@';5=34._2T2Z1^*T=K



M-4A'0A$O*&+U^ABVH=='(_46&1ZAMT@C]3(9'J%71RD#H0@*ZK*0_X(Z+&2I
MN(WH4T'HH9Q%]


Y:#\;_ND_`@``
M`/__`P!02P




Z5A\H#*7WY]+RG
/^N;]_W]'E)D<I%WP]'/Y013O/
ME'E!ZC=C%PP/MX][[X]_G@]3P\_V[O]]Y<S^;M`IZ3.+'C^N[X[/=$E)9E[

M5/9^4Y%DHQ.DOTG%\GW)RU9R);=!N@I1/?I[F\%24I'^WGB.E)212?I[F\E*
M4I'^ZG
L%PKY8ODW)^E1O
7N5X$7N_C*Z^KIR*$?-YZHQX&C?MQHED/(DQBZ









M8&#H0U&-AC;8&*#J0UF-IC;8&&#I0U6-EC;8&.#K0W$(AV)KLJK$$9\%X(

K1K=$:TJ1A'-
MYU-<W!F=2`U($T@#2!M(T@72`=('T@/2!#(`
@8R`C(%
@$R!S(#
@2R`
M+(&L@*R!;(!L@80A(O1JB&X-T:\A.C9$SX;HVM#PK1&K%)-&K+H#5)4V`S0A

M^KF2%;.Z$)]M





M(1AR?*4&*PZP2


M=6Y8-5*@MY?
@+7F1C4N)9.Y.J)&@@K9:(I5*5MAWTR.YZD5.CD*ULC20MTV
()@E*+F'97FQ


M-&0A5P-&7$@:
!;D:



M6Q(F:I0:R+3'4WK:Y2FF?9[2TTY/


[_9M45/Z@W
MDCM&QJH+4%WMDE.CF_1$#41-1M*OM1U&8E6!U&7D6CU$/49B=8`T91:(T0

FS?+^3M!<V02[CLC\08VQ\+<MB?L'ILOYSSK!G)
ME`NXS

1&N`:
A(M$:(QHQ$:X)HRDBT9HCFC$1K
M@6C)2+16B-:
1&N#:


+)I@]$`V<SA[HNM'55S)6%Q2C
M].B:E$JA.B/I+QN(FHRD]VTA:C
2K0ZB+B/1ZB'J
Q*M`:(A(]$:(1HS$JT)
MHBDCT9HAFC
2K06B)2/16B%:
Q*M#:(M(]&B#`+?AE5FHD;IDI1+


;?74W35SO&YT39[=IR:.M.LW6I_2+%9G*KP_5.-2
M\C2O+D@J0HHWDE+)BTG0PS:3X[]ZB!(]M6F)*5[$M`4YK'=
Z_Z]O8;J7F.^


MD]BWYJPTP

U@3
G:0(-L-9]?!I@W4TP.R'U]H2K




M7&KGN!)
+NE
2P%M.D/]=B6@377(NZ6`MM8A[Y4VF'O%\*:(OV!5X.:$/J
M!5X):


3<5L9X`7(4DU;)F$Z:X;&E$F)MK
'192@$K+;8*


E#F]S^8/8\J6B^#/





#K


MG&T?

MU`#ZM[-9LZ%!/;+\=?SYN7X^O-UW1].KR75_-!YYUNQ/]AK9MGMK'[L#^7F
MOUPTJ*RXR;`RH9_A
+=3`:3*7



MZ_O:=0WH


656:.6HT



MFG1OW-.AL-ZTCP!L8`L@-A`'`N$`^(#R0`$@*)@
1`$B`ID`Q(WB1*#JBO



R!YDR@Y


F%WR3@9Y&Q7HU9YM-





M4;F32BR(-B('D8O(0^0CA%B)$,:($48HH0Y17R/#DQ6X@?S^/1Q=UPZE




VR!R$;D





M;^IZZWJV

Q.G/3NC*C\GJU=FECQT_EJ]%

H/JKGID\?R0)\Y'O_[1I^U%O0Y6/^*








MWQ
?-=;CXTB@CAZT
%ID+XR62HLLC/&4C-C


4
M&LG






M3(/T



K!



M-YX;6RLG=ERVTJ2AN\G8MY!H?N62(;&+8[+.S@$A
3/3/7LDS;BB.)#E$^



PY::0I

M`V0;DBAV%*
H=L
!

M$@6

K
M
YT?5ZQD-)[$UPM_G1.\]%:95)[T^ZF]';



_/$#L`6S-&L9E&T`_!(VJFW7_G84D&%(A*1K)&5X+ZK=<L






0248ZH0%0BJA#5
MB!I$+:(5HC6B#:)MA.)0GE?2)UC2
Y+-388H1U0@*A%5B&I$#:(6T0K1&M$&

M]CS#%`$VTZ*9%:*U*/8\M10!MKR-S

T



M



/'2A$:&C].






)U(

?C
J=X



M]Z;W9Q4+B;
:41

MQ
Q)!:
W1U0X%#]12E1U5#HILY;X&

-(G











4OP5'DB


MF5
&SZQA!@UU446T:#WH4CU@Y/,G%Z0WE`H<B_#
M25HP6=@/-ZESRS(Z$M']7;%RTXM4WL9=MDPL2[UQ^';/I=Q;
TF_1VQ=7M[
M*;]NS?$:A2U.?]VHC*6&H^M


M9X_CMW2__0
X




XW%$UU1'N


&X:?</T^AF/ITT^W7[
MM-F_/$S__:]/O]U.)\?3:O^TVK;[YF'ZHSE.?W_\\Y_NW]O#E^-KTYPFJ+`_






MG^W[7YO-R^L)TYWAC
+E

M])%D,84*4R5ARE64[^B&G]]I@GB_O9-TS%VF+*(2;BB
HAC.ZF;!T$9N#K

MMT)
#_)4PPBCNN!4SXMIP`
QE_S@I05Q
06H\B#/
(PPAL9KY8Z4=OOQM6J:
M2ES-/L+57

8RP


MV$@ZEB;MV[G&HAG2KRGA










IL(
I<'JESZ86
MQ9M`HI$4V?.)!5\:U1=Z#IT+9L2*@J;9901/=#VTJOLJT.W75FH&HD?+-T


$ZEY86@8]:`)A2&5J4;P)!*HB%-'TB5+4

MMOSP4B`39C5V_7=UA*B]]8A&E9YE$YFH/G&PL!3/&M
!0\?*O/&$$R`=BU`D

Y%.L`B:H(130_=*Q


1IK\R
MHH[SU]R:#3TU+VU(RJ-BU#$MZ_5]S'G*XSK@JR]&;%7J7$LS*C
+8K+*E`5




M(IH^4=+$-_B



M0!YG




5QU%G`2(U'NUHU:*WF%`FTQDLT

I(JW5:D4,#?:6\G!2(U/






M2@DMP`!\6B616P
J@IZ;[Q-)1;ZRPYDSG7NA#W1KC[FX)U+2MI(C%[3\JTA^

MZRYEXQ[@@E]M&BKW'TQ+%6FZ2[?M@/

M'6@-I.E5=F&ZVBI2`--P)DT\D[33).V]CQCF81^
R^O
7YV3;A?(N
9LEV*K



MQUDVIWIO



/'O-

W/'-[P
M
)PXGCSQ
TI%]R`3Z'?&]3\```#__P

MU





!3%/T4
MTMZS0#XP$:WXPI,3[GG\&7SL;_,H\]NN'M]NTY*W!$XL#JSW^:X7D+9Q1L

MM_TX7Z+#?Z2HI*RDB:=


M]()

(7W2%%1@4.:%+0H:%/0H:!+08^/@4#H84C@84SA


DT.B1-!AI
M)BI
U(AY$N(SU&
M^HP
&!DR
F)DS
B$D2DC
T;FCP863*R8F1]3:Q:0LVL6KH+*-1V`161.V'Q
M&=E@I,E(BY$V(QU&NHST&.DS,F!DR,B(D3$C$T:FC,P8F3.R8&3)R(J1]36Q
M@C;4JN`5XOQ\K;;_GR




-$F/

MS^!4^QB-7R67+3
M0NNYMD:RT
08T6!+[6
T?D!V5BLM0NNUM@9BS45Q`^SZ

M2)^1`2-#1D:
C!F9
#)E9
;(G)$%(TM&5HRL)4GH.'!#XAM5%FJ[RI+XX*_K


MV?2L;+Q:K42:8S]#-H.$2#2;88*&93.RLX%.35KH.$
VDX1(-)MI@H9E
[.R
M\8
J.37S#

K<


M%)D49IE2F)N!Z2DL4.1*88DBD\(J4PIK





T=V5P@)%KA26*#)G894IA;49

MDB6%J7'%&:(GG

O^KTV3E\?79

BX3PQ*=Y^BR+C/
M.)HC
NX+@]+=ER@R[BN.UHAB=WO&P.2S9LP_ZY?A6P5));!=)8&N)U0[E5
MP%71-


MN(\X&B
R[A.#TMVG*#+N



M='


2\G






*^4SEQ-!D
6W*MD_SA3-;(MMX*-7EBA'`T9

M8G`G\71F]YS&R&FB.ETXCM8_Z2VG:E[)&;.?U]Z9XO$]DQPNM6V!(:T39GHG



MX
JYJ`_%

O`H<T+&]9T@$_L/&]N!MV0!W/'BY-
!=


Q;/O[JFKY#^)`


M:(&BV+;/BBS'0FS+D)1D]^\[%#FD2%K:..C+:GTR/

YG.'UX;?OY]/DK:B;
MLKH\&N9T;DR*2U[MR\OSH_'WM^C+TI@T;7;99Z?J4CP:/XK&^&W]ZR\/[U7]



B&FR9Y`T'BFM8ZZ$?BSGNR+0_9Z:O^JWN.B?#ZV
M,-PN1$0\_<_@J+)05&@F5HN8<JK$W0`_IV<2Y(:H$CVO?N^E_OV^&C8WM1=


-/=9PP1M^HMM0

MR+QA^L0%IB


MV*(%R7I&ZA`J`*1NQ4(%:!1`72'C`#6;@V4!W_AS:$AFB#46T0$&)9BA!H

MAD0:LM.06$

G_95'1#



MT`T;RU&6GY`:.?

`^[CX41ND^0G!::

M7IBV$FV$C092JULO=V@TYCX61N@^D=T[CF4KA95BHP'WLMADDWR'V'1/#1ZP

B3VIS9:)F%1IG(**0FOY,46&XYE7",4(2009CP
MRZ6R$8FPS4#L2%@W1[S'B.3V'TGBG=OKJ16BFT&O
LC`-ZE$1C?SI&Y096:

0W0


MU$M2`0VSQV@DV!

L.L'




MLONI:N%ALDOT(SQ$%W`;#*^/QN1052W^(`[XT_;Z/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&

S
N



M0`^8[)
J?]U



+CU-6.3W?`8


MP4Y`UC

M.3-CZ]VX


MF#107I6=G33[J\'=LO

MKT48




MB
0Q7P4R#L;DBXVC96I+
1Y@#_X





?G[%FN





/)C6\=3UX/&TC@<K#Q[=ZCA\M?IG6F$?PM?
[2R4-R$
MKQQN\5C`T\X


BYX

D(-
./
M]]32@OT
M


M=TXTC8




M*XQU=@O8U#==)BM*BKLKB^R[&H/B8BHO3&:B@]]0/AG
!8<:

!:Z2^4P__A

MD14B:T0VB&P1V2&R1^10)PWOP*.&=X\-8]%-PSBQ!Y5AB'B(+!#Q$5DBLD)D





MN
@@=4YZ+3%63UD`%CRHURV&Q7:&RK#XY7VHB6\;6K8TI'9FU:*#.K
N@Z!\

MY'K-M)^LT,R;/JF8XGY`?[@N%!?4&H*AX/]2[&I4?@,#OS%\5CEE@N[V!8=
MVWTI/AH\;8+^S


1\Y[CP
MTFCA`Q=6O18^=&&F8CYSW%D;GSONO(U[C@NO8:SC#5QX(;3PH0OK%^:^X\(J

;NH;^45OCG6S27OX&/S


M'^WH?Z4]U1]Q4QU^K:XEN`WCA$;@N:Y?$34](`@::U+KJ!^!WQOE4![SMW/W
M1_V1E-7+J8/A=B`CE)AW^!Z4;0&.@LS=)!249^A`_!7N52H-,1_-M6-2%P




\L4
MC*`
VB00@5`$(A&(12`1@50$LA'`&0$5S1EQ?V6AM8#84$X@-BH&A\]PCTDF
M5-Q`
AW1AH$T^`AH81$$A)+2(AJ81D8X2S`Y8GS@X\9Q9H`L\[@QKVSM!\

MD\*!1
LG&J0I$@\($Q*#)8


4



MCLQO=`8^7$


:9K-O8&@TP0
&L1RE4U1(6'2K



^O
%^H$()B1VG0MJ.01&%F'K
(#9ZXO1/*(E)I3*$7K63CL+\QW[A





M]`
*
/RNM?L'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#U/DZX
TMIIS&D98F:G5QBXHR+-X1O*[%0


MYK`K`8@=]M-R'Y9QE1L%\G;/=F^N3;QO*OP[JZ08[*APP`/()+Y'CW:GY*6\



MH9\`$7\IC9+_%?
%``#__P
HLA'72Z)/N_EZ_VQ$Z
U\=

6':KUA



M2W]G/1OSMU5
/#3%3'/
3`$N
M?Z_(Q/^&(9M:(++_7C4COA'IM?U7=L:U?$I9F]Q\RIU
MHRMH$4FH2RY749[

MVK!D8\38UQGR

B-.M
`W@9DS#L`G(G[6NV(5])S
MQ2X%V





DR=D.J6?&L#4H[W6@H

MDZ+YUV

M;^CBN6
]&[U

AYO1L0-;*M=](+6M#QA8G.394
MRM2GJMT
BR;O'EKHKMG(Y'K8N:K25

H:6G8\7*![`2]:9$T

K[R7G

MZC```!

0``&@``````````



M````/1






M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-1



&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`

M='

M`!0`!@`(````(0!4.;@^@0``.03```9`````````````````%54``!X;]W







`




M:&5E='

M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`;_D`X3`(``'L%```9`````````````````!&/``!X





M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`$4*NV]`(``&4(```9`````````````````%!)


M````(0`(M3N%;@














M+W-H965T


M````````````







M=#0V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`[KK^FX`(``'4(```9````````````





M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`*/(P7D?```$B,``!@`````````````````]#$




M`.TX
6%^!P``-B```!D`````````````````





M



M%``&``@````A`
\@[61-%P``JGT``!D`````````````````4[




M970T

M971S+W-H965T

M````````````````:@




T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!0[;YGJ@L`


ME9A[B6X*```T
P``&0````````````````!O+0

M:&5E=#


`4``(@3```9`````````````````#Q/`P!X


O8V]R92YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`9%'/QY8`
M``J````$``````````````````*7@


`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
90
629


        
25
648


        
(38
329)


        
(4
850)


        
73
098


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent
 Total
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
11
000
15
000
271
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
30
000
40
000
60
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
550




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 exercises
 forfeitures
 and expirations during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        

 or the term of the production agreement
 whichever is shorter


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        

 or the remaining useful life of the building
 whichever is shorter


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
 
 




 Accrued deposits

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued excise taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued sales and use tax

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued freight

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued ingredients

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued stale beer

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Environmental remediation costs (see Note J)

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Income taxes

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other accrued liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 beginning balance
        
        
        


Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes
        
        
        


Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 ending balance
$ (1
133)
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 2
402
$ 2
227


        
4
092
2
889


        
(1
690)
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
$ 100
000


        
300
000
        
300
000
300
000
        


        
300
000
        
300
000
500
000
        


        
100
000
200
000
270
000
575
000
        


        
21
321
000
        
21
321
000
1
038
000
        


2014 Federal Corporate Income Tax
 Accelerated Tax Depreciation Applied
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 17
200
000
        
$ 17
200
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Examination Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 significant findings to date
 and the entity's position with respect to the findings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic (Parenthetical) (Detail)

        

      














Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
110
000
100
000
135
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
2
602
2
315
2
106


        
28
448
23
132
19
494


        
(28
044)
(22
845)
(19
285)


        
3
006
2
602
2
315


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
616
1
072
1
773


        
6
130
4
884
2
405


        
(6
418)
(4
340)
(3
106)


        
1
328
1
616
1
072


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
754
1
859
2
019


        
5
648
3
432
3
174


        
(4
980)
(3
537)
(3
334)


        
$ 2
422
$ 1
754
$ 1
859




        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Earnings Per Share
 Diluted
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 90
743
$ 70
392
$ 59
467


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
13
484
13
504
13
435


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Earnings Per Share
 Diluted
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
64
027
47
847
40
009


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
26
207
22
035
18
913


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 90
253
$ 69
910
$ 58
948


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
9
202
8
741
8
689


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
766
4
025
4
107


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
13
484
13
504
13
435


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Nonvested
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 resulting from the assumed exercise of dilutive convertible securities excluding adjustments related to ESOP convertible preferred stock
 stock options
 and restrictive stock units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 options or warrants were exercised
 or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
10
892
459
10
696
731
10
531
539


        
29
474
195
728
165
192


        
10
921
933
10
892
459
10
696
731


        
        
        
        


        
$ 299
528
$ 269
943
$ 251
896


        
7
859
29
585
18
047


        
$ 307
387
$ 299
528
$ 269
943




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Cumulative Number of Shares Repurchased
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Cumulative Shares Repurchased
 Value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after the balance
 sheet date
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 and concluded that there was no
 event of which management was aware that occurred after the balance
 sheet date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements except for the
 purchase and sale agreement that the Company entered into for the
 sale of vacant land in Freetown
 Massachusetts for $4 million
 with
 a closing date to occur later in 2015
 subject to buyer due
 diligence and certain other conditions and stock options and awards
 granted in January 2015 as disclosed in Note M.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

        

      














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
$ 34
800
000
$ 25
700
000
$ 20
200
000


        
$ 1
777
000
$ 1
567
000
$ 149
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2012

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2012

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2012

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic (Detail) (USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 19
074
$ 37
926
$ 25
428
$ 8
315
$ 18
079
$ 25
686
$ 19
715
$ 6
912
$ 90
743
        
$ 70
392
        
$ 59
467
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
90
743
        
70
392
        
59
467
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
13
041
        
12
859
        
12
914
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
64
027
        
47
847
        
40
009
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
9
202
        
8
741
        
8
689
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 26
207
        
$ 22
035
        
$ 18
913
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
766
        
4
025
        
4
107
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

000 shares to Class A Common Stock on February 18
 2014
 100
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on May 7
 2014 and 110
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on November 4
 2014








        
          

        
          
            

 Nonvested.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 The allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant and equipment

 
 
 
 




 Trade name

 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total assets acquired and cash paid

 
 


 


 


Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
        


        
        

 The allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant and equipment

 
 
 
 




 Trade name

 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total assets acquired and cash paid

 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



















        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 19
665
$ 19
453
        
        


Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements
14
528
14
773
        
        


Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
8
353
9
336
        
        


        
6
034
8
828
        
        


        
4
980
2
667
        
        


        
4
187
3
212
        
        


        
4
265
2
912
        
        


        
4
047
        
        
        


        
2
422
1
754
        
        


        
        
        
        
2
600


        
        
        
        
        


        
6
058
5
230
        
        


        
$ 74
539
$ 69
900
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable in twelve months or in the next operating cycle if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include
 but not limited to
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Also includes the aggregate carrying amount of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including value added tax. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 6
857
$ 7
318
$ 6
528


        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
1
378
1
401
        


Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
3
342
3
054
2
452


        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 3
515
$ 4
264
$ 4
076




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 68
846
$ 50
224


Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 68
846
$ 50
224




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 39
535
$ 35
116


        
7
391
8
449


        
10
793
17
091


Inventory
 Gross
57
719
60
656


        
(6
412)
(4
259)


        
51
307
56
397


Inventory
 Gross
$ 57
719
$ 60
656




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold or exchanged within the normal operating cycle.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 

 The Company&#x2019;s fiscal year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week
 period ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal periods
 of 2014
 2013 and 2012 consist of fifty-two weeks.

 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.

 

 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams
 and Angry
 brands. The
 second is the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment which
 is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company
 Angel City Brewing
 Company
 Concrete Beach Brewing Company
 and Coney Island Brewing
 Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They
 also sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to
 the same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar
 price points and through substantially the same channels of
 distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar
 production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally
 fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the operating
 segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they are
 aggregated for financial statements purposes.

 

 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.

 

 Cash and cash equivalents at December&#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&#xA0;28
 2013 included cash on-hand and money market
 instruments that are highly liquid investments.

 &#xA0;

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts

 The Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.

 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company&#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.

 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of wholesalers
 importers or
 other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &#x201C;Distributors&#x201D;). In 2014
 sales to foreign Distributors
 were approximately 4% of total sales. Receivables arising from
 these sales are not collateralized; however
 credit risk is
 minimized as a result of the large and diverse nature of the
 Company&#x2019;s customer base. The Company establishes an allowance
 for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit
 risk of specific customers
 historical trends and other
 information. There were no individual customer accounts receivable
 balances outstanding at December&#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&#xA0;28
 2013 that were in excess of 10% of the gross
 accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers
 represented more than 10% of the Company&#x2019;s revenues during
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012.

Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments

 The Company&#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) Topic 820

 Disclosures
 that the carrying amount of its cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts
 payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the
 short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is
 not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks
 arising from these financial assets and liabilities.

Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory

 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at
 the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.

 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.

 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#x2019;s
 expected future usage.

Property
 Plant and Equipment

 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 or the term of the production
 agreement



 
 




 
 

 or the remaining useful life of
 the building




 

 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and such kegs and bottles are shipped on
 pallets to Distributors. All kegs and pallets are owned by the
 Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&#x2019;s balance sheets
 at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the
 keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment of
 beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on
 the kegs and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in
 the Company&#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and
 pallets to the Company
 the deposit is refunded to the
 Distributor.

 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. In
 2010
 the Company began estimating the physical count of kegs and
 pallets held by certain of its larger Distributors and the
 forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs and pallets. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.0 million
 $1.8 million and
 $1.8 million
 respectively. For the year ended December&#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated
 depreciation by $0.2 million
 $0.4 million and $0.4 million
 respectively. As of December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company&#x2019;s balance sheet includes $18.2 million and
 $17.9 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and
 pallets and $25.9 million and $18.7 million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.

 &#xA0;

 

 Goodwill is comprised of three items. It includes the excess of the
 purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired of
 (i)&#xA0;the Company-owned brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the
 &#x201C;Cincinnati Brewery&#x201D;) upon the completion of the
 acquisition in November 2000
 (ii)&#xA0;substantially all of the
 assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel
 City Brewing Company acquired by the Company in the first quarter
 of 2012
 (iii)&#xA0;substantially all of the assets of the Coney
 Island business and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing
 Company acquired by the Company in the third quarter of 2013. The
 Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its operating segments at the end of the third
 quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if events or
 changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired.
 The Company has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013. As of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company operating segment amounted to $1.4 million.
 As of December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013 the
 goodwill of the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment
 amounted to $2.3 million.

 

 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.

 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013.

 

 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the
 extent deemed necessary when realization of deferred tax assets
 appears unlikely.

 The calculation of the Company&#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. In accordance with ASC Topic 740
 
 the Company records estimated reserves for
 exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax
 returns in accordance with that standard.

 &#xA0;

 

 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &#x201C;TTB&#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.

 

 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company has deferred $6.0 million and
 $8.4 million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior to these
 dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.

 In certain circumstances and with the Company&#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.

 

 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.

 

 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income. The Company
 incurred shipping costs of $62.6 million
 $50.3 million and $36.3
 million in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

 

 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and entertainment
 expenses for the sales and sales support workforce
 promotional
 activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments of finished
 goods from manufacturing locations to distributor locations and
 point-of-sale items. Total advertising and sales promotional
 expenditures of $100.5&#xA0;million
 $81.0 million and $78.3
 million were included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.

 &#xA0;

 

 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
 ASC Topic 605-50

 and Incentives

 paid to customers totaled $52.4 million
 $40.4 million and $28.1
 million in fiscal year 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $28.5 million
 $23.1 million
 and $19.5
 million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to
 Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. Agreed-upon
 discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&#x2019; sales to
 retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total
 discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance
 requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions
 that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities
 recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have
 historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated allowance.

 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#x2019;s
 products may include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and
 merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional
 programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment.
 Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $23.9&#xA0;million
 $17.3
 million
 and $8.6 million
 respectively. In 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of
 $18.7 million
 $13.4 million and $6.3 million respectively as
 reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized as reduction to net
 revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs
 recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include
 point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures
 in local markets.

 

 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income:
 general and administrative salary and benefit expenses
 insurance
 costs
 professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for general and administrative
 employees
 and other general and administrative overhead costs.

 

 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic 718
 
 (&#x201C;ASC 718&#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of
 share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on
 fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during
 which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
 the award (the requisite service period). The amount of
 compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
 income is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and
 therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.

 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 stock
 option grant to the Company&#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer
 which
 is considered to be a market-based award and was valued utilizing
 the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple
 potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on
 the most likely outcome. See Note M for further discussion of the
 application of the option-pricing models.

 &#xA0;

 

 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.

 

 In accordance with ASC Topic 410

 Environmental Obligations

 environmental remediation-related activities for which commitments
 or cleanup plans have been developed and for which costs can be
 reasonably estimated.&#xA0;All accrued amounts are generally
 determined on an undiscounted basis.

 

 In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an
 update to Accounting Standards Codification 606 Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (&#x201C;ASC 606&#x201D;) that will
 supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this
 update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of
 promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects
 the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
 services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and
 make more estimates than under the current guidance. This update to
 ASC 606 should be applied retrospectively either to each prior
 reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to
 the most current reporting period presented in the financial
 statements with a cumulative effect adjustment in the retained
 earnings. This update to ASC 606 becomes effective and will be
 adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.
 Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently
 evaluating the impact of this update on its consolidated financial
 statements.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001193125-15-060122-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`/B$6$9+W;P*'YT!`*%

30Q
C(W+GAM


;K0#3#PU'


RSS([']FGPCZ$=VR*9V
&'S
T8
).6W:M[L`<PG'&&&)E/
M&=GG%U4K*NWP_#;_?@$/6H:7R?W*NK[EY23/OEE;5/SB)A!*U=*)D\/MFQ=
M4?6DY1UN&:/)ZJIFX,5%_7!E:-HZ5-9#T\7*)P]%.U+WQV#KYC%P]*9[:





U`@@T&E0L:7925H5_9F4



\F]C'R95;KLW'UU\B1I1!\!\L





MF58^DPH1%6'$G1DP%/X*F`O]E0LO,#Q`;D&%E`8K\C-IA6J?'W(LDFY94=

=YLBTRCB7579#A'?GZVFDUK

4

M#W+2@OQ%1EX

:RI[(1JW40SH_U(T`AIGX%T!I$$5
1#AH6!
MUCB


MW-
C$^P\D5ROD*E'@AQO)[X4^8





U`^U
8(#
M!9WO28&@7A`R%





/HR$.^\
#C4?`BQF+/)^'8%-!]QCN3NXAH[8
UTWP[Z:L*S^




M9.0S.7#]T^5'()T2D*LDT/'H81`/$1Q$`-WA#Q&7A0IY,?&8.:%QG\((?\




M[/$6='

M:8Z9CZU












MU/0J+S5!CB84_=*;:?`M`H-8'XSCY6[\A(:I-?JEC(
`IEHS16*I?'/@K?




M&?@

MJ;2^`:8)7:1`
13//TO!.81L.4YP?];WA7L





TH[:2ZFX')+M@IP
X`6H.N!ZLEJJ2KT
MH@RO@]T(8A='\G1M
7@A@NW@3K838R4U\3/(


PQAY*N2(
^(C[=$8!0'QE.])0W18'XFLJ)3G

M^V+!#9Z9DP^`O[#E9.9A]&DF(C\V6&ND(VD0#WV!3
0DTK$.N



M/*DYVV0CEQ;?W
_E$JAY)4

MJID[5:O@FH5RRE8-X8L87N%D^&/^V8QH\X)Z5^_D/$98\7KZ[?1XW]VNT?(5

M!'RB%D2Z]EA&:M


0CZGG6C%AI%4
C!N'Q@]$


6%(ZH@A


M'S+PS'N^1=O1IKMJ']F

-4/A%*E6X+$EYV3-^&_C@J3.ZLG
M-BC

T#:A


ML55CK^QD6KS%_8R.`-WE027X

-OCYON_)0H4H6R^Q\&L`#MC6

M(7;K








M







M7+(*$T2?G/6=$K5?HJ*PSAY/U&ZD$JZJHG.)VL.-T1_3U=?I[-VL0#LT/D/+




CMUB=Q!4$7
`T!6L;=/!$2N+7&O!S



LIJAU3KIDAW`0'FFCPJQ9$A?;$.E8$`!TRBF


TAMI1WFC\#X7)OGU_G/\L

M

KI_.G


3U;&\H)D
M.10_?UK`


M@H\:2-U[/EO?$)L.U\@B/ER%#Z99B-Z:4L$9+Z:SY?1N:$M+\SB5&HS(2[
MX19G?HTFD6:&

M#=A5A-.$#ZL

G
MB.


M=B+443CT10MVB92QXGF6TX87KK(C7$&?BH6%E(CY(TT9&'`/0

MI:J0.*


#9L%PEIRVGS!5?':%'

M&IQJG[UA8_XQ7_SU!A$*[HHQGCC




=AIS0JPUUU:JHT.U&4)_.UG\52#NQ6A/%X2+5BA1/5Q-`AQ)FB\\
M7BL6CL9K0C1RH1Y;D)IG[]V*#`S+&6Y&I
]R^[8B.\!._!`_YC*;E`/\?LOM





^W3652(01N9BG
EX
MK#6)DMPC`1GB9


FZ



E%CI4;EG-V]\S;V9WVPVNB%5*Z_J?1;GG0RX,%VACOC^C[7
M?-/W.Y<7PX1?N#PJ,\X_^4:==MEH`3EBB



M0&




M`WO='I@!]Y'P
&^\\XZ8:]QP#Z@VQ#NF3'9ZX7UMDV6==OWI3'B391S7MVNS



(9H/G
3X^6;7]O



M$

M.N
?9EYXS;#V^GDR^3^'52ZPRH[#E<).[D!;'8YC]
M+!/<91%XZIQJ(HUAX+,%@J6P-!8)C5)I=I:X0O$6*-NA0M[EY9C`_R$&/4?

MJF.+ZS5V=2BFVG5%V3S55-J4Y$D.NR.5.8FRS

-N0AL6
MHHIVFR
7D:%2$RZLA'`BA;
6XWDBF;:0J@A!=]I0W![J3HV7+(?BA_%[.DR
M$#^4WRH&QH(K[=I=


M/


MOZ[4C%'9E]3ES:N7FETD]?O%_#N\_A/;UE;[-+OI=/E]OH2G/%-L12&CKC$&
MONF*4;H,B0PT\=V-8V5D2PC*LV12J&U#[5CN0\BY)8.\E3O6.FJ
9FI^4\
MU$O\M)S.BB7H[=OGZ6R-5C=;3N^+14D``A9Y689[YVX



\C

MX9=MN'?

MEF1O$;:QOS/
ZK-]=]`BR+6/
DI8+;N+_6M44B&)]N][




=P(D8Y],=H!]A19GG!'D0Q)SB;[

PF1=(T]F`F;%E2:SJZKI7?9$RES*C*C%,XS)5^@A,*/40#3R^
MODM_Y$-KZ4\9Z?W=X=MJ]_G;8M/XU6_J%&P1:I!-T1VY-`0B9PD@\-Y!


`]].
I^4E%6C-&2#T&\V)LM03LGKU!B79B$/MBLCCT

MD7\?P!6;T*]7Q(O_O/2`_X%-:XA.`][!;+P^?5[GL'KBE:I(HDPU^@'B2P
MYI`KDDJHH!ZE!X#KR!C*S+\+ZD



?^=2D#0:%'45'@EG&:@GX)
M+\Q4$#$9(!*D&'%


9()(%$F


M'S












MI4W1WN]63XO\H5I64A;JL_OE
R80H4?%1)'/BH?O2U\0@Z
#?&Y9_I1280




DS3_4FK'ISH%LF

M
H1U8B[)/[\!V].*//DWV]*/(#FBN&GE=%@^_Q0^3)%]JD$$X`_&*'!?F`/
MS=P/*9RW]@
[:(424J
MQVPMZ


&F8
M
9K@




M$S9I[7TP8S+HNB_5T(8\]RHUC$L[Z9P.%+F+]1_R?:%B5@_5O+&M)J[76\-.

M



CT/VB:W5!\;/^X.Y


_Y]TN^UO'H/'?\0='ZG1Y#:B]H/C'6

=D^?ST\/J^K4'..W@FD

Z4.0Q)I!:`T1;2FA1.O-9`S
M13ED&-*I.=Q

M`QY%BAZ/GZH:NK;WD

L2Y.U&T

TB7C$J3+1!#C(
M0@5()W&*)$D)HQ%58
S
ADAXS*2+*`XTXJ=#*AD@7@M
MF/.A3O\F0
IKO`=(RLZ\S](P

M1W%!.Y


MA:^RN


MWMFSH]/B=


3



M+^7)0?K&C3^J5MK@

M`;;`%=94B0YL.='W2M(+6[:IY1?YXH)!


ME.

41CA!*DY#*4FHL*1E
1
`LYD
)NPZ#9?+Y^_/


H1K#]Q

8.O4#:9@H@(D70T'^


M6?Q%'@N4%K]'!%3U+^0VWVK((FZ6^;IPE)JW1PSEL'T%;%Q$F;OO*C;
3;
M^G?_YWM8)FV!(WTFWD?6]CP4BBAA@']:6_NT@64)8WY%!&%
7_RMIO-E






M3



MR



M^'D*2;?@N


M5=2#A2_27A=:FR

MX/5


Y




IJRL9
M639;V`UQ[








?&HWA.([DJ!=79;L73TZUR^Q#8?G*N#58;RTL7

M^&CB@CTR`M4V==WV3!;SF2QA0TWRE\7H%`6R(ZP7&042/!4G2Q`8KV3FVT/2


M]6X*L[



[G%9=%-G)8)GLW#.$.%NYY\2G%C[:$(N7Z-
MIN


3
2ES=
G2#B))*



P-/U









M57!_JN.8I%0`56I+W_4276\6CIDTRR68?UA28:D8$IV68%AN=M9:T4+/$=S
M1-N2?;!OBBI:$/U`[WNF23`4AW


.'G43`.\@^N+NNQ#ESC$


MDBRJLNF+I@X!DR$9KNL:'E@7'[-'TZ5E5;)('VG9NF://EN8BQ3G&)PJEGX8
8;<

BJFIKBFA[
OA4+U!%F/:[HFKXNJDJ3B`93F5AB&FI

M`/^11-OU%-$-5%U77

M=()313@-RO[8)6H_



/PVKJ^NT1G#=VS=`761

MQ





DQ$E-OD2Y5!$5#.%

M!)T%W`87KR0@N`!8Z':TV4I6U56^$VD+GFNWNIQ76D5%]P)'
4P8?01OH
&O


HEKQB7I2F:K.UV8=

/%U234\
W`#&





MA[.NN59?5#;`)X33,GN@#MYP8I9(&WXI@D`V$118^1+390H34EHLP3K`9
M4$+Y^3-:.NK*MFG?#G'E*#8YK]&YX910THH(20L9(_50T3)AD]W&
P*3=









(

3&7W_HX?(<B3Y0#/.2!LOKE/I5
MF(@WR-X@NQ1'=+[SFK_7S]A=GD,B`TF[*-/\.J5^%:;B#;(WR[%(9V+^[EN
X]I\\+Y=_[



I;2\;D=C]G+AC2PC--<*CBP9*HTD)33K)<=5C*B#8CU


M'D*:

D99.J?D7$CWI3.&PGDT

MP/1Y0!UUJ:#0Q8-&%VY0UXJL`(I@A'N/
2K28RK





M$2EK&GJ%?\UIVVXC.O;^67(QANN@1XKJ]K`'(Q_/EC


$S[=H
B.6/8-'`P2!R)


MS-L


Z.
Z\`/J4
!-:*VMX.)P^+]$.EL;-#CZ

M+PHKC

Y

:&%FTCPJ:JKJ&?#Q4MBT+'R$
M#49C$
AM)08X0[

MXK@
'VOM*9


MLM_'


U]
&G1GS/BZK%+-U:A%81YF]H=U(%$3`&I
MO828(=:GRGI53


M
M7LJJZKJZOKF3VY@4^Q=HWYP(:*T

M%)
*Z.66]GSTX3@?DMO8?L;/\YML?*:PQ09YB.




=6DZ2&O;AJ



M2]T['M6S\!%BSJ*4PG
S4H@PXRU'NG
OVHL



Q+)PZ!JD:X(R&++]

:
--(%20/]
MIX:L


MO^P9NGT`#1&9HZ;)A3FL-W
8($W.0QQ.L6SMESEI1FP6)F^8:Y'Z;IACC5

M:-JR:@^[FJE(LJ$CXGU7ERS=D.&G8=M0!\.VK?3?@Z8MGQ)
^QMXRRN&[@M\

=O1FP$*7)@YSC]/34-3G

P_ED?XZF$M\-



MC#;YU;6':3LU/M[:C1_]:R#\$D]%33HJW;]U?9O'%&L-4[2/SA1[#5/4XS*E





494K

MV:=



MK^.&?

$32[Q2&

7K?4*3/$
M5IF;.V7F5N/BT\IZ+('-%LT9(B06+2&










MK786Y/3/-=WI-Z)H2+%$6RGGYG2I14-*#=LKU41CJZ*?C2X:JE6?+!Z5U%CA


@Q?X\`==C((4
MBY#5#[P'%7`7/*5:%7C*WY=!.QEN(V,#A3F=+X+1HQ,205$08504%`:$NL(


MY$Z=X





ETG1`IC$D+D2V?%0(_)RYS
T`8Z^-[1
M(@BVPAWGM4`]GM`@U/$\D?.01;6IH!
FZ!E;Z
29Y:8.$@:2`4YG*6[/\#


M$Q=
:22



N#]_Q8NNO],S)FJ?

ML-5B[!9!Z&['P+_.7H4$SD0INZ+)N[9PQ)8M$0$U?-ID355*1\#A=@T7!'
M!=[Z@5FTL)5'94_U(#]W*HZQH4M&MP_NA&S1SCQ&0:^?AQF'7JO(`X_TD$





1N?677Y'XIPJ(I](

MALRA7

M`24MG%
?48$JBE;'TT8U3*!\S%?S)

MK!GGKCLSLHS;U8RV]




4_33K1ZY%IF2RZ[F68%];..

BTZZ9IBFBI)SXZ:5J8UZ3&FIR#G(.<@W7G

O;&HZKPNBF*





MNY:A]2U#
@:Z(ND]U93LMMR7C



)L;Q





MX5U-9@C0!CD7B@??PLJ_*5TT-H.7F3?1D@E+8!L)CAGH9HH\BK@7CD&'




S
Y[_4HOX
M6`V`GH\Y.A]^+K)E'
:P+_32



FT3@)-/%\#3HX]U


@N]R



:XY0X6.9-D3W-;.E9<S;WOD1@ER.9AQKXL_=@R`(PMWB!



M(VD2IZDWK;.N1[(KA0U3;S@7YSI?AO/P&3QH;19&%$4+3K6
!_=#C#GBT51%

MS;


['1/PC](%H%LFG=ICP
58-6Q($RGUC-<TZD;CMLU
MW5X+WLJ4`UJS4V=8(D
P-)'N=;0?H3\D&WL&0!)%8AHBP2QRNY7J=T$P^I

MS[
&U
5RJ041Q`B@@&=D]
W-.SDF2LT+M?]+&8%CH)A&H8_/WX'*&6JCB*P`

NXUZ)P.7!:HBO



I:)[X]&*`\//


'
MX?'5!OM+&#Q(3#
1E
M=F=).U@^`GL9S`6():4O!X__KQO3`*G73
=NV$XZ
C9-=S(U#IU^$^_US6;
MO4:CWCT?B_DY#




?X0U`Q(Q(@U+%TY+/-*515.H

M^$L#.9G3
.)(HH+G0OR=;`#+PU+P6OC#$QYE/$84HJ)++$`H8:DD'Y

A(W;)


0!_@Y?((6#GC)O`X[EG_,!Q/@I=@8`F,*__7L(AZ5[(0')$6
-

4\*PDT.KJ;@+1`;$G;)BQSO8B5R1DAX62!2

M@Z(X

M%8ETA41\3\H;`:UR;

LQX/28=1'3\Y+66TKS+*CQ_

/@`M'&/Q=)70HB]+#Z+YF8Y0DOV1QL)[F=@
MIJ
75EI+.NE=0B&U4N*@R6:W?))57;0=+M*_*L4ZRK%NDJQWMAUE6+]FB.
M*L7ZG/A2I5CO%()4I5A7*=:;!:1*L:Y2K*L4ZY=+1Y5B?2G2?QDVHDJQOL#U

MQV=2K-='//PZ7


M0$_]3KON-.J#!A9QL)KO?\=^+&LI/78W0M?5K^BKD.=O/
IR6X37H2*98=#%



O3J^
M=6_[?NCEAQW%





5!T_-P4MS5L\L!KVR
MTI65KJST56O(BH





/Z
M7'QRHR*+E/MY;QLKSSUKE`A7UGQM?%Z5
CFZ:`9-XSVXKN^

UTN[VWG]FA_S`/9Y<HFSX10+


M-WLW7W&PXNI.7B=._V(^W0MFX1X_T^WPH''E36/90S3-:-+!T*0`/)Q=I^



4T
M1D_MCL.;%&:;@@
WY9'V+0K'$9O&=
OSJ?0FCB4&3X_#2QR'PCPO2M5U$/_E


MN1;P1.2E4UBU

MX2(N*0-XFB529I


M#BE/)4[`&XH!N!Z7%1W(8TG+D5J
T440(`FXNEF0ZTRY3TYG


(H1J)$B


=C5QS!


M9AVAR[[NHLO?HJ\[9JTRS:-0$`M)
\7W-#Z&@Z`-@W3`@`@G4G(38HT:NW


MSTJ^N/Y0
[-.R2(ODTJ84N'`42U+N-+!^PN+3*-;88=U=*VM]Z'
)U
M?92M#AP+DLROET59(V5/;O&''O`!J/LBC+V4VK:%&`
]=O;/H(T0MY@\5HVN
MG63_A'94P^A!775Q9H:@K7S2E$





(N2;NF[8UF?P&7!((MHS!TBV:Z.WN7Y]#Y)TXU.CP_U<B+=0=B!
M6H!L74/`-34'($\S`^B$1F`ZCN[T`NH572BM/KBU7J\=[2E`7-M4)6TSE((L


3ZK5PRLOE!HM67.XW2;%]$%3


MNVWNI@O7IGFQ
4C%519YL=T7#^S@GA$:U02-+1G336-/%\I5FP3^E7
Q30EM
M4EHJO)\9A=.F6[]!-8U24^+0%0:0.!R/H\+3LWW)
850#M^')#A#6)BX)S



X&G8A9'F^\U/==R``X^
M@\_FJ[=L+:#IAF:`C4C/:.D#T?+LYA,IYA^:515=;LR3:MY)%1PCBKP@#%M






X\GMTE&BI5X
M$XFE&O;HT./B23T*%R%5)E4FRD34WW7-NS0N2X6I*16PF@F$8RQG(I[4HW`5
M4F529:)

M*]/JXAWE.'A
=TTF
O1%!:]B(YPK-U0$1V?K4#7MT16:%^P4TS%$%A^4.\I(



MI0;'KL$7%TU[1L&PW0IC5Y-;
EVFY/WL8?G[;/IU!?Q/[)OCEQX++1U;V`.:

M(5O7$%]7D1Y;R3#;.JQBF&7)*LTO#EO[78JCZQHHYREV*YY23E`E6GA;?5+;
LH;O/-?Y]`F24F4BM$_F?\2'6ZWI7LG]0+G4Z/H$\
M+!_?FGH9MQ7SEK7%VCO`(_N\+FA0M`QCF@LSGY&U[I4K0+:/10ONW.XGW?$

`H#7OP%D82$BI/[.')?9
M))^?(_TC!\QYIEG8\3IJ6/
-+\R@Q$UXM76H4+CXRA*M!-HQA#95:$C4RHO.








M4X

QCQM8V6U9+!L3






MC([MS37Y[
$U'TB1Y-.#U:XGXCU:8%'[;/-VWIY?5'&G?=D6+UTZATX\[7
MPV)+&?YM7-R0Z:9M;CVC/[CL8S/ACTICWQ^&83;=&8`;V^M@[`VXXB1ZM.+D





@M-NG;:4NV)-'*D?HCBI&`V0-RR7
[K
M%WU


MHFQ8QW?H:Z9WI*B2DMZF[M+I
8?DC)36'/;*)R=G#VT?-P/AWV-34+GO?E
M[#EE1?^K*=%I
Q).?+]#_5

MV_2C85T8]!GM9[1)
^K5:8M7)*8B
K/C1.L&OYQ%CBHC^F%$Z\D=25=?$_0\
M
I\\:SSLCJ'?2SK]A`V+4'FTL8(1#AT=6IKGA(Z&=&QK&-$!X]/[`M=&$-B@

XF;6B+?M-,GHWO8R.
MKSF=RI3[I+I5?K^XNE!N2$:*.$U7;"0!7M0UC%C'E14`-/%BFIV:OH/$CM

^J2

^I'$6?0B]2H/V__W\9+MV78P?E[?4);'_6'1%
MXVW6'UW-TH;N8Q0!K`7(MFGT`H&&H65J9NCXV#7I9?#[)'PG\SQ

9

MU6;`




HZ

M21H'XWLKQ!#9&4/D!^E@$OM93H(7KR(!CV2QXYC&M3:26QYZ10@SA7'\Y_

[J%N@
SS/`J%%2L-X!$$MA



M(`OX3IB[=!JS0&#$D&\4P$TF*TV?:.E@DJ;


M=ICH04
P(`X\]RU!0'`40;U@3E#P9.P$$.3CV(WI%[8SQN2#!F0+OJ;@%T:@
MO\`:2KNS[)


M3B-M#+_I^F$$JDK+B#

M_[TN*+'K6B





E$Q#)42%1?%F)Z7IQ3W2WV.9$S
M)))-\*6
2IK
4H#*1C..8'*'&2#Z9#L0:$

/


@H1%P#1+B4YA


Q^@M`93`

Y



ML

E`\+1BB
1B-&JHO9
MB`%UBWF=XZ'`*]K_?&F&S;I.JV@\?`=7IC$?H#:F^*Q'$$JU`L38L`;'2H`F


BJ_$#TUC&.?V5W7U)6/?9I238RJTDE<.=4(.(S
MB;+-J37%$&7/NA


8^2PAI5\[A+7#![W`&AJ4QZJU%%

JQFI5%RFT2%&SXK56:JW4
M6JFU4FNEUDJME5HKM5-#BM;S6#\N=+78GY_<;U%J/.H*]61Y:LN%3MR*L.S


9R7A.#NL*E8Q'52LT8A(

M6RNWX_?8RJV56Y/D=E[E/SFL4SC-



M:T7$OHKN2=#SI[.`W!



MS324OLP98K?+R;S



M




0Q)5M4HN:[IJ:HK.
MJ5U!Y^2AVN


MYD+G.WDKY)\GUM1QYV\W*`XNC'\$4;B


O/JEHQ4NMZ_GL=59Y[L[=^
M&]*^[.WI)!HVB_MD%)WR'-Z`^^PPR/51?1`^2T_F_3-PI2:/;YK)J:1^D.:
MQJ`S?%SG#`^+:ARXRSKFU

M2E0[V0Y3DSDY2)\-L

MWIRYMT(F(+
X&



M]&51T&[_N.[?SDAPFQ2&73`V&3M3RPWINOA*5=W`E.6AW)6YH:ST.7FH:%QW

M6/RUTO-7


0$#^





M!'?-)K?\13XSCH
`3RU$':%A.#3KT
2M=HW9=]%`7G_808.U9%^.E8HY?JF.
MI$_6:

M0






N.72MNX/5@ZBR*&DR

YS:EU1.[@],#EA4.4DT
M1;6K&XJLP\2Z%<6+]X(DZSAJN7X\DZ=E@73C$+0P#'O^=.1X-+_L@P!='R\P
M.GQ-54_HBXK.JYR@RLH*&A<5S5



:
[^(P*NS?4)-MI2QCTB_QWVO&
M0I+Q2L0P'N&X1X[ENG.\KHMR(+&Z'U485:@!2:5S)D/H8OU6:-T4C7.?+;






MV

&K;9MUUH#RZJUKBYZM4'G\JK6N6Q=7'2[C6;GO/U@P8NZ


*JM@E
MEJ+A%*G\&%[?Q+=E#K_@M_'`=\_93(#=^4#GC'*QV$'++&#OYH75[M::S6:_
MUFJ?G]?Z[5ZO=CF\Z#9[O0:\V#PXM_]/W4#T/HHTAA$&^/C+5@S]NAK]TP



SX$ZX/,K*
MN_YNMZVZE5UV'?*[P+M#\?44AFH\*6ARAJ*28KT1*H)K1DO#AV:^0&+'P

.Z8)11
M


KZ_LL_


FBD:(GPL:^EV&#@5+H`#:0Z1)3S6GC@
;P


8A)[^HCM=W1PFF




0Q''Y
'A


M:$1]-KGD?+YJ5\;A*ZLI@9W-Y1'R=.:[KIQ36K?=2E@,U=`)Q%@6U4\I(!
ME.6L1Z(!B2(BD]9+5W3D2T'D!ZX-';1/K$J*JE#PXPF9(UB)'3'3(3_HYA

*&`3SB&T


=$G)&T3@E4%X!*



O[IIK




M`2#DY'='/+RC





MG
$WQ)U92B/7^+.


LGXW!2/


MA#D*G!LOB_-)2=I:JMJ6O@AGEPU'



M/\;JY^=O\B
Z._4`MJQ`:K?
7GO'#9L/@E@+S&%KQSFJ@R#6[)A6NP+W`!Z9

^QKR78\S=#7=/W7.V#G^6


MH;6UY:PV6KM9K1
TCR=6+;9G):^IIZFW1CL\H5*Q*G5Y\NJY_5XSLK)D+SW9



MS-V)-_




V1S@-CUK+-3O-PUP8=IV)]B
_YC(GG
M[O[O

MFHK55.=55-Z_\_@PJGO+`NI57'S6:IA6);7X2R+9Z)B=WFZ0/$&%?F*'S#4=


\\-!@P$G7.
M15
2%%ML3ED
ST=+C3=5JK)N7!=&@S&R\?!A+W%A.#JXR/.K#XU1$);Z=1ML





M996'1+5]P/*&5V-;*
N&H4I$5]S2GYZ8BI@=IRMVUCC0#7C[Q[2U=?N0U[99

M(*3Q1L)G'HP`[U`1EN`F%DC


M2['::&55'?S/2@O+[&5F@O6:!9*+\U*YD
=)Z$=UJM0K3C-G6&LF4U:NX28A







6

14L4Q1

+K\U.ZRNNGMUH

S=4

M
4`WY
D#C?0/^:X'6`[-



MI1WC*








6+&N@9





P.\RD4#;7!7VX=IF)W



QOS*??CW.SWWT=&
!
^T

MBT_[W.%1Q


(LK'$;[###O\KNC)$YHFS:=MGY/
ML$^[%








;1EOA]UL]LV6==D_J5L/L]P]S?'U?*#::IG7:*/8M
MLVT?9K]P;Z+8



M3=DZ4
*]W*GN%/
8
Y
MBE^XX@X__N.G)*J-&9N]NW$FW$T\_G'T[X2%



M-X;]H3TXMVUXWX(GW_[RJ?F_O=_Z%P7B[1_S%:0?;@`@4A`
UT#P*SP91]?^




KA1&,C`*5C)Q,1DHG4EBW69PZVP/0G14PXQ\


MAW6:64TB7XU@$%A3Y%*3;C
WF._B'PUD\TC`2/!S#@9=:%[?&]%6LF.VM#



MMVX

M3`#K$G%8.N8Y`:PG+(LT9E$JTB$(JHB(0X9!%(





MAA?




1^OJ`I9%$M*:%R5&&\67\$]1JA/`1(4D#AQA%9.0@SQ)X

$
DOP%<
L$UB3X-,(!)[[B)ORR46'C


+*+:V(-0!YP)4GKEZ]S%N`;P-CV%PCQ(_%R:?]1O

_XZA)`SM)J&4B?PMHA/YP^`A4=0.
M/T2)%Z









M]&P@_`6Q0`7HB7DWY






MKP'&J67@WQW.4PN$/((6*(6P
I8!0@&.&6EISS%9`LZJ@&!91-^J(L79!L9]
(#SB-$ACACE'@L
MX/G[BS3`#



M$N+VJT(`6WBR*O9WK1
5OIRQ119PP)=API&;





;L[+


MT&*K\TYEC


=8:

M%UO





M



.!$8Y)/'U+XV[DO-).*N`@Y
MD#,$4C(V3Z$LVV'B_3HZ/%ARAP0G;26#7G!(V7ZT#/T*418:]6
W]B?P&?@
M-O(Y6-`WLLKGEL?HKA8J@9!19'[9$Z-L
W2F@%8[]`Z;B5@F:NK&#9ZPWQ1J




`)BX&
MT


''A2*JA6OD`\%9?!`F%E4B@I/PFF`5;=!DE4



$(NDX1_08
1%2F4B&@6(BEI43R]A


M)S5(\2MD2*RKD3JOC/IZQ'NFE-3FHU!?BSCNXST.]56(2W531MVJ-PJH6_56


[$C_E:%?B^ICPL
M\JLHD#K'W7@??#)A&A\G(C#.)!#%FI;\&3KR&^6VFRG#+B#
R=;\.A
XB`
M14+FJWWC=TP$@(B3%K@2IR)(J3E`X;J;+8:1J*)[12!TM@,X@&`I7[#[

M^&

MWS@@$I0P!@$.0*HE?_HG
ZL*&U=1)`5*.
M
2P(*E5E9F5E9F;]DHT=4ZLD+
M2&\P9^R#(_B&7&LO?(!%[=85[$7\OUIMMFSYP1/GL^]^4LK]CG#ND4*[O^
M\NE^&




MYC)?A;00

MI-

M&U-ABU/&$ZJC$*'Z0DA^#=\8^EF5NXR/&&
2`6V



W@C)4J\AD'N/2!AD:XB]W*Y9
V]
MZO%R

M^
]B[CU]72PP::95)7?

$=J^O

M*T?]^II[:779

TGFG04F0^

;8$%QW(7
$9KG.;0LC9%ENPDKF)V%
MF9


M?V.S//'1#WT7;ATIQ=0+-YBBOYK!9EGDD&



AW9R:T0'^(






MP+0JN9DU$2TWYSS-](K.#%_$$M1&V'94HYL$8WS:E':598T(`H_02^^SCP

M&Y2UL(BBTK8O.)6%/_#45FP9(


M

MD\9\5Y


M3NG2A^(UV=@5)XQ1MDC2+*S#W!\6`)HB?@A3ND4_SHNXU\T*F2@6[V-3F'M*




DZ2



MLF5)








M@0




M%!H8CO';Y.O!EDY$[*78[XO9HZ*%RK&PYR(1GJD=#H:=69[YMU@:$9@D^TL%
M%)2`)
0$ZN)[#?+VY:`Z?L-&H4EM3@P;JV=TI1B#)\2#UE=_'K`V2]RHELG[
M#


M6=24/!
/:P\*(5-J7%





M4XQXRGQ.#J_!7%TY7N+BLI;^$1PD_/%O/RY2Z=;S9C]=Y7@1N6+Y@OUUP$Y=



M4:2N[&J2WK





[
M?=O075G=:H9.<2#ZC8+I&,Q@MP&4@T^Q^C57):M-U/]/DEH/-TG8OHG'CRU)
M.NTA:47&)T9(H?7$I%U.=O1+MHT40Y[W[IG&1H)1J'`<V9&!F]HBEAA7N$\
M!%YHZ'UKEP&^
GBBO$(9SW?5?2ISRMUU2H+:V$S
LMEJ@DS0.RV&[(3W*@

MXQS\


A=
MP#X/[*S@PK%G%`J4J



O9
M\+


[




MXSPU;;4


Q]N`'.ZT^RS=B

WV;DU.R
M

GX[86T):2X-J

+=5N-:L05K+4%N\K*/*69;UU32XYM
M<9UDMC7+6*OWB;%KCR#9.;AH??DY]D]J.U<XI$PY0!VOX$C\BM;`E_)%-0$



MBGRWQ0S)0U\+GTC(
X



\$+5
M4@3O

M9LYSIVAM`.;%8;WNZ`:;^DP`YSKR4A']!N54=4$FA4MB9`K^*XN.%S1N[G'`
LRHKB+=Q[8DCT7(HJL
YDG;*_P9#K(NHP!$77

M@QB.MRJ9L(X+T=B+

M.?/Y%PWG]N/.UKLANEO










M4*O*'L7?KIKU
6'^.&IZCU!!!1)O.N],OZGWC9,X^)==AF+=!O78!B&*X/

)$[[=8IT?$
:E1?!*:\`4$:J*
M@=(E'
C/JI(QLTBA4FE&<XU;[[$&L!&_@.BB<VP(0;]EG#51*-HQE_J%Y&UHQ:$
M\U;4XD<:)*VG]BU/)YCSY`0/TO=R+_3K(YIX)IPP$F.
41P]6D!$ZP
#[TS


<LW&<ZG$N'F(YBJ7!6*TSG`O$Y)AP`E6\FA@KE



3Y[$T3Q-

R:#!%+.Z


M%N](`KRFQTKBA/)F


%SB)\!!^.

M)5CNK`MS
0L?!
5/P!'








*(`]=FI!;GSRDW;


5HD]P6





L4[


MICF*WV)8D*T`4RU@7)Q)$M^0:J*9KIX7PS*\\9&++[/:!

:
6Q
_0+4#*]3E^HYPWS;A*_K_65`V#5M-OOCQ*BA09$6Z6.5SVL;W/[?^

IMG25]@5@_B


M\EGY$?PK8PS:TG6Z/P/=%
QEVP*?HORD^\#_EA(\'FH+RA:+6\!9_`SL%\R_

M4R^!T=*REA([WXNB1;F^Y&(-LF*!'44NE
CV'P)R=Y$=6Q9O/8L0EXFI?P[(

&['Y_:L&=+;NG[D7DFOZ]X%


M[B6W_IQBFJP=VB;J@2E3-+*\7&R0N49KV@EM!X
HI*\Y[%B;@SJ5Y-\MEF

M+[


\/
Z@J



87A&T1/77TYFH.&]T$O3
M_#$7/SJ%Y]@J4Q5O5)6;-%YW306


/1G[_`



_M6?_/V]'X=_?!EHBN5(\#^*KLC2/V3P[O^XNN[_H9GZ'[BG%%6U
D




IPCQDWB/H6PU`N


M:/E37'^QTK`(


M'WK)/





M'5L3;/I'Q5Z@E#%LP$X#A:/#JF-

MNAHA_#A+H2WF];84!BV^/JG

L=SB?!DH@KB6-9
M=5$





M9B-S:[DRCZ
P;?-PL[Z
6K]YCW25VZ;LE#ROI3#OJ[D7C;UDG+:Z
?Q7*TA3
M3$?R$#5J


M;Y$.7Z2MC[DFJ+WLWO5PY?S7_5__H$#(P=A
.DBQF\Y(_]UGV0S`GRS9=
MV/(?@I1FE/#/WBZ


Z+;@4

M!C&MJT@;
JT5^8PRS'6:QHG?^O=B?$N0=+!V%YA=]B?_@P\L9'E2A%VYX(SS


S?L*HR
P\-XNDU(-Q


MXN)R

'WT?=+-@

\BZ7
Q]






M
;+UR

5E0[C`W/:OU
[=@L.=B'.'RT$_$+/?@%
M9!X@C(`^8




MN=7G2Q#PPR!)@Q\QYIRPN9HA?PX!:E?KKD3B/+\2S'T?YD,XX03&AB6=,
MP)HBU&`)ZYDE9`/,%J@/\0(KEFS')W6%=7R^%SKH:^/9[@$STELN-RRU
4C
MJ*DWL-;:
QL=I3+%0[C$3@

M4%#

+[]K[##H;S!<RFNMHB\?/_KL:(3!%:)-H%
M;`M]B@N5PPI8AA:/G:TYZ7*-`P^B02H\NJ-AXF\4#11:DY*)0@.E`
5PROK
M;!-7%B+\L724KOK;H=!$-UYRFUDIL14PMHL




MW`TV=3S/^A.\ILL*QZ.T



M%$H@T\)O_0G'AK&;&Y%2.-RP6A]8SD&FRPI_-8VJ+O/X-+-9HB;[0;AOR^J]
MX.I\P+9]^4M\H!]0XQ=T7=GY*KY3I%N\F]G/LOF@?)B`7F*^:=FI;4:J;!
M



MOZV$0SG&J


?Q

ME$%%8'K7V



M-`E/IW
$'^(@5X4^&D!R0/6[B:)/1PC(
M2&*TSMA+\39.'A5Q$R:0I%:UHQ09@OD?
;F5ZFR*]468VXG9Q5A
!'+$@;4P

M0F1TC.]Q?3D


@8C%+E?!
M(
(8KTI


MP:$D\&UQ[;5['WFGKF

`G60.E*^E]92`YQE7
M-%/K]QS;EEW=?O'V5H-.2SG3=%9PAMK90RB55D=^SER+ZM\6K-L6KZ85G;K
M/






.FTQC
MFXSE(YYH8Q_DF[72CJ^6B[M]103*=7#92D6F_RZXG$E]U0!C^#)?O!7^P7


M(?O';1(O9M0-DKH








YOH(X
M6Q?O\J\A_E+DAPQ;*T`@NYL%80ZQOL?YG&FRL

M2V*$+
39$2


M

&5I$['V



M$Q^?3D2&R@2PCK+!YKZHG1#LY)RS

MC$6&FRA$`





MV[;;JTM@&ZU]


MWK&\QHPW9KP^&GQ'H\WS$6INM)6VHIWB'+Y#PX-MF0_5/(D(KZ18+^*O0?IG
M#_1C

=_'2Q%PNV;JM9U7

8_
4RAKU;/Z+








M
/=B8=!AS0GDX`S


M@F#D;EU:7









MKKD`EM:6G9?QB(][IE
4LR


MCC6
N%A&+



7*9
M'6Q[C+QP1
FS:6N*
C4C&
\
K!AQ/%$



4QN:&L*W*N]_
MD0RMQ*UM=)2I_A4QBK\D
*6FJJYI=
MVS%T6\%=\_X7W31D12F16)AT9:<@U/97!GG\:QR/TT]^+<D*7=
4[?LLIRO

MVM



XRZPZ_H]('=W[_ZH]`##T=@
MQ;KC?R]8


M)9RV'6E6P:;`'E#+2[R!B/4G)NSU`I[&R0]

B*)
E(2E


19%9RXT.3II<'JV]MVNK/0=31H8
MABOILJ5)CJT9DMWK=8<]VS59RRETX\J.[V%H77U`&,8)F(Q%,KI#ZS!Q9G&




!YYCV93E9R;`T5W:[/0D3DR3=



M$W`U



[S`X=^J+_1T#-Z#KZ!IB

,4$B8_Q%OTOKQ-5/OR8&#HAC0$FP=R):M2%W-ZNP-5=_5N


*DQ;#CE_)\M=%0S/]+YYPEEEE]AXZ(:BC!&?#7+J3CAE8FO
A)`<8+)M'2/VAF25^ST'-.2;9?=[A23/3?

83VGKS5_?Z%:RA

=.WD^




07?HR+8MV0/3`4W3-21G`#K''MH]W=4T2^[UF7NU4V+\5N)6




*.
SSF*0R0/
M1D9*A=-F=#E()!5W@GPR0`A5T?A8LSX,V('5Z`C-Q!&&
'QG$B$G^^2#*T


MHI-.1@SP
;^#1!)E)PJJXC)N?9&;8IZ!PB',P^A-B?CMW^`2R!OWD!5_PE





MMUG!\*S':]W^#]B/8/)(MYSL?@`LWP@L/?@XY58J!PL)*);:MS3+E4Q3427=
M

M33'$V7V.J?@
-H
K

17*YTPV)&1-X'PX*MX

M_/&C^^4*7L(#$H;?WH.['6(O=
R6)/1I_'F&7.4_P^%F?O?W]X[Z_5*K=-97

KW-
VA


_NURG]'3





M6W*ZKD=8_:EU6[KNOU&B/T`U

6AN#-[N*?9L





M9S

M





?*%JC:\O::FW\'T!G8MZR@L




G'=FR]M?9*;G-E48^CEA\WB%^51]FYE0PLSOU'H73`9MH


MY0H#%-7K)N6J=9P\W%;H*6YUM*)*)3UK=\QU2O8R6FD020/D#E:VSX3\
.63



X


[=AU/;M(=J%7]'I2
M3\#.Z@[A$52Z(
G#IP\\?+IB`9XJ[D?]X-
%I.'?4_CW
J[/SNNXXW/[XDZH
M;=M^&3_@N(0Y;;
.+0[/225JL
/&\0*\XU/MZ?V_6$^E^)HX^*0RSZ?FM!32

M)4NX5*ZP
I_GXA@Y/
V*;


793

ZJV48C$Z]!)DYQWW8*
S
VSROUM9.(UR
2)0R[]F]00'@+017R^BVEQ^&BZEH:@]T[%,2Y5D7=4DW95E
MR9:UGJ1VNT-Y.!BHKJ)P-&'&R@.0MRI?9TW.#\=G88MUA2<KM:W;64@#36@


M
O4-(LQ3=]AKPC-I.'A8M;AS_LZ3\D16)YK$



M6]V'?
%DTWZ_@PO
M!5@7R2#E326Q86`J.O2E\\1##2A1U\6I/[^+QX6N@A?O*GT3%\325DC=T7AC
M2FK]'K(N\RQWQ4MYKDKZUC)5%%E^7JJ*L2'U8UVZB+;A%?Z(;JY[YA0'T'_X


M^?XX'2;Q]
I#Z;J

Y08L%-C

S5N6(;?NX@5\_UN<_.F/.W_[\4F+5U[O+[#U

M4+T+Z(8!EQS.R;TW^_$$7GG_RQ=%_8WM\WW)RAGS&XCZ=#$5-2SBP7^!A
$6
M^&\4-_&1Z[CKLU'!E



XR6Z3T-VYIP/W.A7N/8G\


SQ^2+(EAX!`8LRR2K/?62QWRA
)[P@J)Y&$ZB
%H5



``Q5
MKU_GJ@36XDC.W0ZY\`7P]K31IPJ/+C2@`-BJXMTPZ$]EW9L7'&H#L&SU=
MZEKF0+(&O;ZL]FRG/\BWO[LB+(AW\RV,Q@$31BS$5XZ\Q4F[%4Q:(3A?\]O

;1;`(I3

G*-!`
M*C]!KIQ_(;'\F8PD*?9&<[`&UYB3=Q#&X$^V2C\YVK+&0[</OQO3^H:LB+I

M@V?[Z!4=@:E_.*IFZ_J#XUB&\T1;Z*BZ[AJ:Y/853=+[0SA+N@@_:0U

.%J$%$7C?_7G*5J@T=P??XRC


MG3O1K(I+4./
2+9TS=Z/9(UKG#V7&3=.EN'




^46I

MM*FAFQV7^%N(&$2'B)DS1T`U5*


PX7








;H



M+B4@)*JIRE:)1T\D-#^8]F(XBR=8:?!YT@MA/W8+K\#[^NW\*MG1R$*C**?
M%)E^TC9'=U9P;.XX-R`IM)L5Y5T?=5@$^J9+A*5]/-OCJ@3Y90S=8AF7Y


M




M


J1TV.X%Z'.;7LY$V4W-1\


[]


MV







M.
SS06M%HS6
ZMN??02@C&-N4`#JUT<?-O





M[

:W[9?YL!T0CI)XSL;+-NA#TP;:#O$
M1M-0XRNJ)COF*4]

:


MRY9^*C=_B:)#J7P*[COV#BJ?3YF^\H0IT\OP.A9YSQ_Y3_!S(
J^DU8ZNO.G
M_M_?W\WGLY]^_/';MV^=U!]U;N/['WN7_WC_VYW1W=LZ:8OR8&_K$T\M]F
\F\[\W]7W!2DNQ(J@V49K_-'O2C<?Z8HDJJA4./P_][<?X'_[



M650
45


'[K




MK5?^:
'0NM_DHLJR9FNO:%'[_LW\S2ZI;CLJWA6JNI.EP#J68M
MY-(#+-F9_GZH
-=U

=Y7D;CX#X8+\`JE`


M3Q1T1-=+0A\C)?^Z\[VW=GY6;%6E]'C-*!@&HVX+?7##\
\X7$2P#(_



21





M@7I0R\5O;DD56;=MV*$:K.B9.O8EY1^-MVC\O*'`940QC')'B6L?')HY;&U*
MMB*3QCK`#T+_WH\^P0?GC_B?S[45C9%]2QM
01AH36MV&.RP._\2F)E$'GN(





8^BJ6L2D




.!Z7

\7$3;;@W.?=EPT0P9-


M8UAUQ6#J+M(@\M/4'?UG$:1!^4+R*EY@XD;4\\(`I#X*O&[B?Z

#KJ&O8Q&
30I4<SN*




M[MW43`CQ


EY7Q6JVE]4M\%8L`!


9](


M0MS/\H!$0.[?*0_:M


M^K8(



3_));GJH&

M1


IPGL_K[OZ*
M[(#'XBZ

24WJ6S5(!+.ZFMZ@L

*


M:#ZT1]V^YSNV1X:@AY

F1:YY#9
M08;

M






X-



M+TXOOIN?O__TW0^?/GS\OW+K8+VE^'D9C?[#_4]H_/[[4^CQ831[-WM7(O+?
M1X\!:'U:NV0[6CL^Z,9ZQ6.9BA$=(.\=^F@?DKO%A*PL\G)1)?GZC_+J#/

;K*[K





Q\2;`#
I4


?OJ:)[PU1']6.\6CET



M:P=[-Z]KT*(`+-.L
65Z=!R&*.HW']T@#4)AL$8TVDY]MB;!C(0M9
WTKRJR
M1
3X]PC\R<F3CY^Y=`RP
MSQX3^'




M&9A2R:F[A*4=@F%?N9*S7CJL+UU,/W)\6/T!38:^#OQVNL6ZH2`S,!&XSD

.IHNZ3H!='MV`7C
M-HEB#K#*I(&H7UU3BETT]OWTK$#)ML=4ZWN\AC%+C?0+IYM.^2'3FQ/1(L




MC&$[\;A3#QXO2USPS\\_?IRRX[J`I!M
@AE8NAX[L.N]K1T*4QW5!4S&_WU-

M!@;DH(U@Q-QY\K6P(04\

LR
Q*#IR&GNG.

[@!V9(EC\WM!`TP=%'X@!3W`YM
M8'(SSW#J;!F\-*NPE'20Z:/2IY*+G60;#B


`]DW/7$QFU4#)(:C(:.521)+YD1S_*`

)0Y0P1U^J$R
*-V$U6&$1

`-Z();VG;&#@5=4

DC/`#)(OO.$_
\G+8W/-.(]0R[&X;-
M`XKDL*_MHHF&]O,9,3$2?351)9.*[R?+.;.JYB^3J-HH33/5ITZV+LCZ7%2







M/B`R]E:8X#!BKUML4/Z@0BWV;;VT4$)9=5X:+(2GCN466E*75FL'TT0?
-N4
M/9WK)7&T_T6^=QO0KT*.R_75ET;&K(=;V(T2;S*&?35]*`4L[$NTKOP7W!


MG6JQ%CW&I`G;5KFH:ZDM':S&S&/^#WA&I0=APK'WSSA1?ID-.`TH=VNBB.*G



_5KBD!&F?]!66+B-4K^+TIRZ#*$SN(MW<XL
MVWKIH01DVL5<,.'?/N)Z$,RE%0O@)<^4LF1Z*HI/P6%3'.FC&6^;E&3O%RU
M/



A1'%+GNH!6QK:0IW



`
@OW&?0]N

M&)R14CRSHH;U-0Y=/PACBB;TV2&I9PQB`285#IES@T)0XLG7O'3]'5D$-)D)


[G:@









WCBI
MVA/I\5-N%@O$ZMNAG-L
E0[OZW880



MTF3&

M#Z:5W`
KXQ4]2-^K?&-1]$'236JD?Z?FND69^OVH%[R/9=




?7]]QQ@1UR
M3`ST//.BCKZNQXS'@6T15TO1HGT*Q3E.0T'3P;F6'(/]E`$=9L;`TUM]:.`H


M\_
KW8C_S&4;5
H&


%Y
Z7!
W568^+-X#/%

77-#N8!S2-#

H)T<F#\\!A9

M*0


U^L/(/OQ:^^

M-0;G_!ZQM.&(/-M[P@L@UKNPE90P7C2EPGV0:.=T/?T#G(
URM6)&-V!K*


9+\344

$%```

C`Q-#$R
C=?9&5F+GAM;%54







._OEK

WW[[_]F@;?
M_^ZX5]P$J$[M'E30/QSMG]&?_TF#7?/$?JF^ML31AOR-V]'C^F']Q\^_$BG

]W*9T2[C+






/+\




M



[ZI3(&`])+79ZO#^=8]J%/IC]Y[@SA8



M25PQF!(R(ND&U-DUFJT-W5

Q


MA]')VOI?5






UN8ZB;B:Z+]Q=)D;O$)?32D4[!!--








MJ5;_
8DS]#6[C(HOZ:_?I&A+_V'8@0\E3BDV'P[[N_?&7655S([
4@UJ'ZQ'
MC:.+-2A^OQ@43\P



D4

MZI%:*7SNU]T=!`=GSR/4&0





TVR0

MJ'YOLBE

MCF+K7*C.(3DUO

R\-


MBB@?P[B0VJ[C#!%=A&:

'WZO
Z(U\?


\+Y&PJW

MMOTL)^::&5.QG!CKQJRXI(#JHWMY012=Z),P..FM:$ED$C@DR*U(]GVP]G0
M(4P./0D%T8:&$G+(SAIU9$,7A6R

M

3;

<T(V%U(P+JKV^O[AEPGG:=X<!Z
A`
WK+




MY03`R]@EEA

^0$PL5.S][PP2K`S1%D:=6


!#F584'.&NT
UO.F%RH
MGY'9X`C6KD)(ZPQ0_F-34KC@)



M@




@EI0K\LA5A]0

NQ^JBR^QO@FS


T*5EC`QXZAF^C/?89RA05`\&NQPT])AGILM-SAT+`SO!`RAZ.P`CB&H5F
M^N=I$,(*:94&*!7/DI^\(+Q?;RZ2_#';Y%%MZF9(89(386JY/5??*P$(/6:%
MXY\9K,&AO,(8#7?3CR2O-!7]F`76KR@RF/Y\W


`J!5@V!S%4IKM=8T.L#]3[WCH!86!X

;T5OV&OM;)^7HNVZADE89Z!@OZ&B*I
M.S0;DGG0$
Q[-/X2-7\;0LAQ[9D+4U^$*176
M0)KO/7B*GV#
*DS+PU3:C5%*250\==#_[86E897KS:KYNBRJB)]]+Z&NWSW
ML7/[C[*;NF

M




M2KS1.BY/M73*5%%8(R`[\E32Y0ICR@X+8S#96J#[24PT#Q_F%ZHT=8$X`3TT

M
5'#I;N.


M(9#CF\
'+Z7?L2G4DOZ&E06@_ALJD[%*:'H05MAGY+,#-AZN(5W.1WAP
Y
T.!<*UC';5R$8J!N$AR^)'`C-0*!*LFPSRR\X2=4:H@Y:RBB<


;+H\/3V7CK1EC5:^?L0-
PO$-
Z.&#)`YY70T@C]B;


\-
M:4.G#L6S%ECR;.BSH?@HL[Q--O2]4$-3Z!:$[U8AMOVI![T)7FE.&!:\4LJ
MAG\Z$IANQQL25==*R6%Z=&UHK3$:WY;K+Y5PL+2[H8D&0T(1UE6EM5``J@\

`)GQ#_5%.(U2L*&-E@Q*3#8&+ZN)

H
M*)7T^I_7NV=
!+Z\,+JG)S79[$58[CHJX0(=15^+6H
0DK&`!/Q%9:BG











GI*B94D=1=J'


M.KE.YG\HV3B*ZRY0P==-Y)[/UF13P
2DJ+XODTT%4U&`Q81
-BA
?!-:7
%D
''``;3XR9BZ!*2





?:1F#08D]W5
+B\JDF^D:

MR4MI/;U=F-%;V7M)^%/T@77O107FAU;=O5!Q9^@`*HJ2+S3IARCVQ3YW*
MQ

NC!J/B+XHS&`+NR]USE.P1ND.%=['U'8A1Z)^W%!_(LI2Z
JGF

M5)T1H4)OOY/I`CW20**J@$J1%[)^C
)M$266&A-`S8&/8YS@C=9@E*B6OL7)
M%GL[AJ&.


G!Y)?6+E_%HPGYC&[CM

YT4*21SG]#:'

M'OW_W7




@E16

MJ
Q


_(!2$!:
M#81)F`]WA;XK_*:/1QF5VM]NH\Z!OG^F41CUG(5XEE&84/HR!7Z5F1I$ZJ*/


M&0

:&]#0$6(R_*^P(:Y!<C
M


MM[-3AY!R
`]=!?)0]'UK8U:$I

M[V=58^Z3[TP.YYV8-'(RALGQOIH)-%C@!@\59B;7B$2A)BCT6%Y9:-I
'S%T
M/

6W.$645!8WSU'8518`*0!&Q.\[D&LLI8(4!Q'9[`2


-[W
2BL_Y
M3;;`STDA:8G99`/]G`0[%:1







-XNC*LPUM3'8?%`
M]Y&-






FRB$-4`7Y





875BVZ2

M



!Z!UN%CBC
GO

:

]&@(OI/SE

5_B7RTO0LH5H^7PIC

M[W@\#(S=98MPWY'K@'+S')*&)3@@E9J\S

WA\LESBG1YT;4G'ZX\4J

M&6X_S

.((\J)
KQV3$^R*&P8N8

M9*V1?%(4PFBE5)%VT`+\[9=Z*J8C@2U/@$(P;+?^LR`11;7\+M@'
#1H=K#=



CG%%6)97\\2,ASF%VEP13BL*\)A8K$YG
GN=5%CJ[CJR3'



MW!.JU@5\S..R`WZ%@:Y@&0-&1+H9GDU8[KZ3$K5UZ(?_6B''TDITC^N\AO


MS'MA\(IH!B@&+?Z0GI)9Z!)76^-58#E+


?]OU?QG\;%;O7Y7F<H;1%QJOYO\S#]-BJ[2I2W0=;Q*\*Y,
M-!1&V&XQH6'&[D?

FE]J1
MB0C<Y+NT,BS2=!#I5V+K=LZ4.\53
`MW2!D4'Y%5?/DP:L7W^+01ZLHJOK1

##

X3N$7XA1\U^
MTC\E\0M*

M/]%QO&CXF8%8BEG9%-



NJGY8)HYCZ9
M57#7\NX1RPU#8*()0#4TO05!0_)=9KF*?42)?M[S

$WI4G*C?




LWY`


M\LWANI6:@


-@5PLMW#'0T#_$&8TA.J:J*PO89![




M].
KI1##1%=1Y-]?
44DOKIN+GA%LY]
D+6YBHHJ4H-I8I
&



M*\R&.ON&74=1FI
-5?=M(*=$#I0-+0`
([5R:0WXS@%6/;)RN4(-47]\)42=
MI\!00]=_?R5T'1FLU1`
RK-GU=?=7]+I0-#WYBF5AG[9_*(H#3'?.V(.(N9I




YR$H(F7UU\@2XG@H`4
^[7-4;854]81IF7WDW^).6


M_..XQN)IH9URM:J

E&
ML*&-GV8+G4F[*IWN8SFU%+HXSKV[Y=_Q$6YWB$IN8;P]2H=X0.7AL3.N_P<
MXE*9F:HAMV`G&RG61-=-33'63C92;-I^[SJZNIM!IU:*RBP-3/G[64Z]U](9


M]A!(;+SA93;!*@[J%)B'A/ZIA3['-C/111\.SS*I/ZG8(+W]



MZZ*+QDC%_

A;=



C:T7K51!5R!*:K1



9&5!&R







X+;.R)OZ\.3%W:I_M!A17;A8KX%C``2+I#MJWB4FU$4




MX$U'7;3TDCX@


M&J
K^2QM$5


TDYTP.FBC
%1?$8BI(<N+]S1-^O\BG*QC





MC0DV
`IE;IMW[5N\3K1__V#(8RB!1J

M#*%1Z^Q8Z*DP5)FU3
WJ-:W4-8T
MZY9_/01+Z+NV;0F5_7*)Q43)^7,W?M2*]@(]P$MBQ7:XVQ'WT

MWTO]3?PY#%EPFF
KK

9
<`9K..Y?<)(_%R6BN<ZO
MDR':MOV2]&QZ&.!B=\N+4+VKPLO2'0

A2'U'
P(%%NKF

WIT#^$.726XY+U%C_6&4=?GR3C_L2MJ


3T
;+HX
EK)NK
2!@IQV3
M+.B\,D,PN2,J0E`Q`*C2,Z!-

RZJ.'5BJIBC
MFJ;*3.=`L`]FYII





MU0!JB/OZE!+5V



*A60?Q_ZD\

)+/WJ

JT





M
TF30]:F:6O7U2
Y%

ZXR-E30K








@




M[L^4#NH8;)I90$#+*-PEK#W@H2IRL5Z]]JJ.FL!0)L!/7.)Y&*7A#Y83[&@O

MS^00WG/][GWSGO8N8(7[8!SQK*%&LLDWD1X`]K[`46J7=FB!
78425^8.1



C#;5


M

M`




M`D
:!I!*UL-@8/6
M@/3ZA13L#Q9[OQ2QM
4K3</WM=QJ!Y6
1A344Z

MMM

ZP*0Y\`,T!+0[E+\@EJ&3YZ10'Z^


V@/97I#*



%A0

W$):\OVYS'KM
M


MW3$:%

8F;#A'OR1)0&L%\



MT#9
/
U4


%A
DSX[#8N0F.Y;N6+ICZ8MAZ;)/


I=PP4X!RTW
M%P2K
M%

7T)R`!0P+VI)CARL);X%.$=]TA
Y3GK8)=&(=I
MH=^H

LF[P7GITH]@;GH.R#\^(:L!(-Q^/Q
2]?$

\+Y@+T`U3TYZGI'Y$U&X0N%2?A-R
V%P.IS
M2G3'RS0+=X3`O)MR-



R_/IXB9WR'KY&MV&^
MK?&`XWN#ZU5(X2AO$VMP?F\ISM(NSP95V^4E!;=-@[3MPM,`;TZ#O.V%-^Y
MT^!HJTC5Y[YN
+1=AI(P?S?(VB\_\4-V&BQM%Y]D;:@-QK;+3[T!BP=4/]@J










MP[T:JO!8GZYV2?-AD['-
=^;!IOTCRF4=AT9%
$?T!2SH1;F(1;DXX\]W.

(2#-'2PO8GE8!FB

M/BE'9J9CW(YQ.\:]&
8M]5@X;FT:M[[R0ORK%^5(;VBQ66QY^`
L)@_[/1;/

VT*&]@C1.LC\NAU#]8Q02/'.(RW9UX:J@8ZZ=C#24%.

A21D


MB


IZ<A5N3J+`$A;#W

\*F4LON
M.4KV-TC_!+ZJ#G/]HFOH@(6\J^V@G.+R%4NKX%(3#-^\%2CP
^+7U#CE?1

P(C472/_O*9O&#I&.KHW=(`&K:?SM47#Y=`





Y;+_5@KNET-]&7EP&XRG:4Z46@<7S$\JN<OIYT(N=JR(HGNV$


!+JM

9;(JWAPO0(&G3
!X;]




F@51U3=TS=
?7%
/71

;Q9]LEPC-I.1NTL

W?

#$T
3(R-U]L86(N

MET+PX'V+PNCPFZ\1Q@DX,8/?W_T$C@!^']W(`K!_[R^OP'N3PX`SVEZ_///
M/W_]^O4GN'ORXC=1&/@A_&D;'7X&;][D0_V5,O5GL/S)=7^:5_YR'YWW9_!

M/H'_]29_[`W^U1O'?3-S?OJ6[/[PW_&`_RV.`G@/]X#P\.?T]0C_[0^)?S@&
M\`_9[YYCN&_G(HCCG_'[/X?P7W+'1YA@T=PEGB$_Y+]FAC:'P!^\K?[CTR!
M-C5:]*6?M3'Y@$P8]N*T\J9&=J/4_JQ6[Z9L1O@?V`W4&
8?DMAN(.[G&5
M@V.
9`ABQX0H)AMM:P0#;-%1W*H0FOO)8^$XEY\^1Y1T38F?\
@S3)?X.A
M/W\S=3(3_B_9K_]^M=TB/Y
B1W@7!?[6A\G58Y+&WC;-1R


MPW7^OIFN9YOYWYV_.W_X[R4MD!


^

.WISB&8?J`_
4U8O)WOBVH&D0_

.@83

ZI9!P(
M6K(SGZ\=EG/(2%D![#YBN36QCI2011!L6!8'2E7I34+B'FZA_X(Y^@13

M=M'I

JS^#;`

^A


M
JE23
2&9%M92W3'T-^@R#A;VGSOV;'N_K!PV=((CI;U8%4/3MJ/5$RBJ%

OX)Q3)%%/0-'H@H$1QZB$(OA7(B9%_^X%QJF?$+&.(D1-B$O
M(!(G


-.A).R;%PA?



[`10PH!0-H13
MM1*[#8F/B.@;)/&6DC6*0&$3K4%/3#\688X_97+?

M]#RH3

;B
DL^JYC2


Y9V)X[#(/1-4BYEI]W^?$LK)

5


M#R5^C_#^,7?0IKM@O7Q%!(J?_6$_/`8.QAS;C;4601A?O2=19G[A;#FK=%

G^

[V4/
9[9M!#09$

XOT


!O0Q[&SA[2#K



SB+LG=G_&?;JXAK9


-JV4VFHQBS%`U+
'O&F/!175DRC6^UM2Y-

MV%BP+8:S(O(64(4*].?;QU??_&9!G?._ZT9V=7#!&60S6Q9+WO)4`A/0O.'4


3[AK\&6Y/

E6=
!)J2?JXV_W
M[[T8UV=*[F!





H#9_E9*9L\VN$CSUA[3;


M)QNN@F_J!K`86\(5I6;N+)\V66`28.,]@1@Z@3)^7J_@+P'HQ/H:\CI2\
M)OW!&-*[@[^V%M\AA]SFTAHS
CNT
D/=K@]3KC+?_QXP*V(2(FT]A18N7=U
M[AF)


.=T_')
MA4@8P)L(7Z++D
5L-FO@KT)^`FH#@
H(9M&H7`5U='K5X/`8P\`_H-'B5^`5
M_8F.2+9G+T$_Q/[6:
)F'XMO@[&P3BV!=9E;W=4+5O!ELU!NX4A\?EDW)]$*


M@5F?

Z(*_Z2Q3MOOI!TKE)ZC8CW:.9K_G[!)!_*1<B:^<@)RA
M=MM(K;


MXI/PW)WV($O-+`9%6!1/T5EP9_ERK.J$7QW-BM2*


$=D8HC34OQ*+_&C]TIV1'#7







MHY'](C4M2'2Z/9.%SS:P6E\,R9YO@IW^#\XE^7%_#M]JOTK1?'KW[X1.J^
M
^

?XHZZ6`6OT(M-



*)`K*9V






%


M+8B33)R2O&47
T;1@:M
!QK#;%DS;T3@4HI4-



MAE:P
=F0

80=&9^7`#=J*\:$L+7
MCPG2[.[ZE#J;YI_/GYX`7I/Z]C^)4L_#K*2$O3T+[#)
F@H




MYYP(M[N?S]9N'6^(&*A0


W)



MM.F)%*2J**?Z^_S.MA$G-;9NW(9NL.\HM%-1R`]^;DVMW:`U.;
!SJ/BYOKJ

M[[94Q]MJ.;Z'4C?5WV?7\.UW?O*:$?1]E^+OSJ[U#].BH5.$@MN*]WV;QR\.

M%0D_G.\X9]M*&45\7;XW_I#1K5U,U4#CA3*2L443**(#$#K
%(0`W]L93`


U*R+C.0
T(0NJ3Q)*%NX
MD%



NHP6B$/P.GVCK[*
7!-!
MIK^@U=7APU:+BC/HC/Q='#W%W@%O8W9LM8N^I?LTNILET?/




5G;XU
MZ&2U?&@17'J'F(O3-!%2]:Q6=JWEN&T
@E
M\/8Q\)_H!M<-HP2<S)N:/84@6Z*!'\W((NX4R8&E=$&A#BH4!^_6AS+D8PB
MM6.+U%R?
HKHKB+1=3@820CG3D9&;Z
[F@?LOJ4_+GW+*@=#6!*UM:GCKE;B


@Y2J
K%'W\);4G;?2KIR
M@H5?U[B++\J3^%6MS9*'QZ32ERVQH'[[*/(+HM/DQK^L*5=/`J1T9@JGPKTC



M*ENP)560DP4Y70


M

MV;12;;
Y-H[.5&$*-)_A%C/BP_8L9^ZCFH'2'%]TTV-:W&




[:E-SE]R?@D*G.X+H:W[N:.U4H
!I

MEG

9RMQK66SWLP62V5^




MH@?VFP&$K+I
Q@W]`@:+(H6!E?.7Z]F\`4Y[0P
5LM;C?I_*FN*-6QLBA!ZA
MP84AJT?#@$4[4&DBE+XZZ6SDDKK3T#=&FJAG6C70

%F$6$38
M

P8`OU!*
M5B*NAY#MF.
G0
)XVINZV(X
M44H30&B9:?BJ0*Z64Q.\@PL\0L\&(+7;6!MD6M1@!3@^AFAR18.]BG[&\@63

M20#)-'KD;(H7DV%#B_;@KUYPRBZLD:M5H]U#DT:2K*C\
`V$5-Z70EZ/)Z\Q
M6(EBR38`9ZIM[YB&%#R9[TN+X;#P++EQ'NPF/4-O!).5IQN\^ROSS6G$]7


MCBL!H/_F!6:R_?+D\[

@5


BJQ$I]!S+/5?
M+=]69ILH%YH
W1A&G=3T;7XR[C$K+)=.V]E-A=((9YYU##U('-CTEG##.+.Q


M4Z5H;G[_CY-_/



XN'K/X[N7Y]?S@&

Q3&B5




$T`XHNXKC4#!%


MV
3QEV;&J^.#Y


05;;E6UN6]82PZ4GV1RON1RXI3TO;T


LD:%&V2O?09_


?VD;7\#T8%J_
YW+#6D\

)4:'.X)Y/6IM4^K0.\@UT;[YM9

MQ46T[=AU/V\8ZA+;%/B*\8I3IT;


4QAW
B1KQ=.YP=C5QN=[TE(69]F)9I2[8VR'Y
M*`;1DP?YK`N`




%C\8YTOZUH


MA%/A1H#S8DU9+I^B^O$;R(8$9
P)]0]OR+`@']=8.K@!=;FCJTN?7U$!L;J'
M&?P9K/8UUU6VBX)G0VV20=5&;]/.JN@4.YW-'37NIJS
9[O#4:`Q&I14@A&R


0
M2K?1ZLG

M/Z%:

M0@Q




MJK$&5JS3`

4;1VWH2(:%0&_!+[JC!G:!5Y$\;1&S&@GB[G0T'JADQ

^4=&J#BN86J.BSR![(S^MEKYCV$].2%
MPLA5IZNX]'E]D'*8
_LHRC&

MS)W-(BM'UK+77:U+-3;ZVKS2*

M2PE1FR)VAEGR`O8VG=B`

%&@O@0@JH


](


S\L=BL.?C$EJ_))1*\_#2_`$2E16+&E@GF.7




M9JFQ+8:PH2P;*_1#DG+
9]B





MPS3&1[

M%4A'W6ZN

'4I21NRZ
GB/:DQC`8G]QK:


D=^U.ZSBBY$!!CU[[

M^`&



(D)<'^4VG-`)O;^\_@%](3(:/M\D_/W[
?H-3
MA.*=X5X9
M4U@]9T704MWI?+5I
MPVB%(LA(6H#

M^$W7)5&!-[6C@

`72LHH
@;)Y;;*
M91X2+-LZQT2K^$9`\6T+DZ1
C

)4D




E0XW9X[WA@D4G;

M4]V^7`MAU$?
#ABYML'(E8.1:PN

H+2.<G?E6CXVXS^L^!N4Q(WK&/YNA_\S8IF8N'T29=(Y!Z?B'
MD,I$Y/@**W(O1&!6'!-V:F4DX#,3(YC/6@!XB3-I9^HLW-6BW83Z0IJI.*A


MUF71PDYKW!N1;C_A)Z1:H0\XZD%L4TAC5CX*0[]%V%K\+=!_\;_BGY)8X2
M9KX*\WF=ML]B0KA2]Z8(^7)2=+V4$9L`0LZ0\2N1CB#A=K_'K03A/T[^$;M3
M(N0^IV\4'%UV5T
*5R.VP(9_+

M;`4/YTKQ
3\/G%\\

0X
M$G7?\YF;K50P7?`#IOPC3OI]YR?'*']A/%V7CX*(,.4=FKJ+OH86B7SC%1
M+/^.R(\B.R3\
2


8*@

*?0L=


NHNK+5HIQW#W[H2O!W./[KBO&'`K;7R(6LIZD?=&RJE-0$X/
M4(+9:9]9RQ\L(T'#U6Y'ML'
OZ$<PO@]W/$4X:I4A';DRAA]*Y2%
M]6D9MO


MYIN^(
(Y2C.)]#)(Z*JNP7O#`'I;V!!/K'%6#9Q6`T-KH#=41.MF38ZQM:&(

Y?Y;H;#I'&EI-&-A#
S:K/_&^



M24T`)4;.%@@Y
RA6(Y9C2BPNNM7(YK)E
P79+OCDX.4J0!&

M+MU54[M.S#;8$YPPCKP[O+T[0N!+$Q8SA3_2


M-:)N\9+YX=D+;X]XAOD4A2\P08^V.

%*.!
MAPC0\6J%Q
B(``\)Z)@34(RJ=0[6I1S'9N5P9WI=&B(^[A-
`=SOX9;XN%-&
MJ%PXI_CV0?+L&6HMHL:+Y`''0

Z9'C
M-41S+Z3/D3[/O_IA%!.QD)DA[DEN594*E?I7F#Y'Z]80([:W+5R('.8$F?
M6*)'.`MGO:SYK:Q^#(8*#D$)8O@D?8^S0Z
J@
C3


[QYN

8]+
MR2Y)L]FL$YE&FT.I$[-]8A

+]72U:8O&

4WRM:9C*









M


1



MP0X
%;/N6^_HIU[0?5E0E(!1=+&X$K^FNMEPH58&M=D(-MPN'$

M^O.#(

MV+\]1&]QM?489U3?[K.GTO-\X

M!P1I!

47X+I39DU978/]1B7C

MJ?\P?NBDTJU^''&#:BR8W;0I\:Z3GZ;O?G2HN97:ZK8Y0B@CY2[I8J-ZFH




A
M5D]'4



%G[T`



TQL/KDS-*45Q(=!I@OV$(_W+\+NSU;R!


M9O\VV+N\%


QDKO$.RRB
F+%[B\`?YPN9&

N82\0=*





SD3]IM'H\GD34DB6$X;?
F+$TORZ/7UV66OW@5;LLI%&0/WV#K]KC




MVIXR@=



M'%J&%5V'NVNW*$0`4`I@^8AF:3'RJ%VY3A&%S;`0;,DM&(UZ_LPUH0+3

B4V@!VN83(`


/

MT43D'D;
`J*(EJS!*9TOKW/']]8[HK]P-O4D2)A&*H



MH:@TAMLHWN&V5PF.2\N;&*-(^X*P$FF7UR$%Q^X)B:(2J(3]*LD*0+VK-+



MFS:`3ZKM:[)!`!D%Y

MHZ(1]U%\P&WQ2
=/TOOSBG0_;5V:R[VK^PJJ*&.B-Y27SGR=-3;'M`$F#BK4
M`2%/F^T.LXR_0VCS2BY(X]DO
ONHXCOELXXJ;X;S+Q
M3U9*:29#B#MD+



MH=2L@#J717%3=Z?-A41.JI(V
P$\3T'M,X7J%.0.YZS/L

]\I5]`\Q=!FMGLNAZ^.K@DB;]J!.-DV

M[551U*$2:\##S?_DO6$:/G()CZOY;



51I6!Q2.QO`Y]



M=WN$

M2.)'P*'(J/CR'$F_Z$:6^

A-Q-

56K(ZII'$D(!3



MDOR21TP3;*E.2



M6M_T=G8V+&-&5Y&@_S.]7!FC0'NP*X%9??=WYP0FY[




$])&5

MI2

MX:;K:0&L

A\%B!BJ$









:GX
P_6RPW\\&.-QO3;F?;


BCY[.WQT

AXJR%!5%.ZKY
MI9]9<BM89A6D;Z7<-(^VY_3O-QJ94(TRI\N-YL%77*5)D`)C9LIR5IX*9#&
P2F+`C[!SLBT]1T3LV\;(^*U
M,]9G\SE-P&88AZN3LG]BLW&N?DP7)F=<&05%F8:L5TQK.]UHF-J0<S$**%
M2';P&]P]1!^3Y(0^Z/M_G/ST]7,:^[_#N]C?0E:5#^'7M0)+C?1^S:KA5OL

V[K#4W'61%
=L:EE
M


W9:-A@ZV
5RN=G8UH@\

*M[P6?T6]H0?EW?K(-
MHN04PZXF#
J'T;GOHYAWT0V2C;-TSKT/:5E=\D!JFM?B6@/CY`R0@H.4&`
M
]WGP:A.SQV65P1G43TX
[H?-1(T:_M68WP'(WZ
U
3=;N
3W-WXWJ
?T;=
MIQBWA&99(?\EG3Z&RXEX=;1EOME#BS]3@J!$;D/2M
0[M7)6:E4Y65R!B5%

M#!^1N[8`#FU6=`Z!
ZD-F_VO:(J#`=(ZC$[B&&A]RPP@VE@1-J?E?-6&CAI-




M




MEN



M*I'*






M5H5`MDSG1?0/LQ-CJ]&TX

[E^4
D5[W_JW<X_K^?P6.,@DBT
M2*Q)B^M%9'<8C1W9\V&4G]5S5*,8RG=QE-WP_&L4($2U7:OB/V\0V&?,B!K/
M?+UT5V?XOL4=5W.*(-I#.8#A6NB79]PPJ`?*'!/KYF[X6O?TI`=NV')7@

3VM9?`W=57+]ZU7RKN
M?%R_%V#R(GJ?8;%VG


ME(!C#
V#Q7'TB]
%X




E/
G+V!F:QQ7+[%9ESNM85M+O

M=X#JIF:5!^DC5

M0)(_X6//!?HA6PC4

M+7!D2Z8/&'QKJR.$HPO34

'E\'4-G


A:@-+!TK9@$V:$

MRA#NVCU!5_W7SO?TXH[/C.A29N

M:K

HWF`1=SRY;





NHGL\@12X?
PO









<V_HQB4+!6-?D2-?&Z




M2*AL;
?RT%*07/`EFQS*@W@E;[P]M9ZY@LZ$$+;(C_005

M^.&WT$.KYQ3N6HLY6+%6X.;52*C*!3OT9?A%9LM_ZX16,6@XM?L\\F+O&IT
MF[T?\V[!O$DS/[.&JB77!3-FK-R+^]4G=!NLY!WU35X-(S-9HUO#?05PQ030
M:K_L*_1-*16LF.[A%OK']';_S[F#6DQ&B]
DP]1_
';^H&?^C!Y_^WHA4G[

MV*4#[@IL5$407T+(X1Z)T']I[VVB8]75$]7Y$JR/FM3X(B06HDZP?+O_C$!]
S&]Z8R7@'=[^%B-F=
MCSGU@CQ%Z/8Q\)_:7(7LVSHW.L18$MU#F#M.N0`BA$&-,BBRR4K:AC9(1A\


9687P)H4/`Q!'18
M4@R






M%S^.2!Z%%[R-DC2A12*9UM/YHE:X=W$CFBCJ+C?%ADM.$]2(`D+5OMJHBG5`
M2T[5!/_52S$79J$J:J]U5`JIQ@P`

0*LN0QF\K@X




M1S*&:6_7UR\TW5POW9E9O25I[&_10AZOI\GR


M(IP)0_WL!3#!G?F^;?T$/GC?[FANR=M3'

M

M=\Q9U%%#R$P`(30!B)11I/07RA6(S`:+\0+CQVAD09SJ
LH=+=H@72YQ(K


%2`A@5_


L


MLVVUVK2ZE2()*L-(=5!`1P4_X'%_M-.WC*PRFMG[C!L1);CBBI3&K/$N_8'%


/[\[
7PVDO\[35.7CI$X=O`RXX!.\U-E(X19R'(G#@*
MEBW[1T59!30*(
-

M.*5%?@-3B1?C*



D[H9/SF$?






MG##&^RV!^U-PX^]E4C7DJ1D




M2RE`?T
!R4[2&:@9Q8B;4








HJ]0_MW(/[!DD.'\=P#QZ&J_\06^-BS&8`PGNW5X`N2
M=.K`&YKT=[UW0<
8CAJ[
^YQ#5`A^\Y:Z'




(EZN3N)_7DZ0Q?]2/


M%-YZ2^$*2Z$-

M?6.!+@



M)GR!ULV)9\AHS(EU39B9$X








M^)JH']_BN_&+CI54#36\JHV3K'AC7M6

#9A=KP]#6
G/*3O1MZ%XYV7
M

NM$T*;9NB!ASWY.;%I)8O*#R
M6MTVKYP'QW)




=.^

!=D;X^

7[)'#:J
M3'Q?\U9%
@GH.\8GKTH7\2]8!I`)8:JXB+U?BBP\/C42ZKYSG]SB-#0[YN;7

4E5E





M!96[815FJZWIHAA4&`95CB\L_U3#9VETJD.Z.R*J;W+EQ1W*LSX+=9CK4))K
M.N`KFHS:V]A^C]@\X`LU98WW^_
VGMJ&O91(7D(FT8R+N3.MQ?2/A5(^=2
MQTJWG`_5GM/Y0'^6&IWOBNUCQ/WCZ5[,E^5MJ7HKQ51,\@4%ZA\7#;3X
MXDH*=A$(HQ1@-PO0)_H?7GCRXE?@).G%+21ZN.7!2PK9CVG=M/4-QEL_@1^\








&J;GJZKR:9IY8FKDT1\=[AC^KO5;F,PV
MHM5BN1W\^/I.YR4HC(707KL2\E$DA5

M[/-V$5V!^'U,A**QOTXNE%%_



MUJO)47W[$'72

9X




R64NL47%$\^M6DYU^V&Y

A(*WFI;WC!L3$L
J4?HM0+ZAL8XX8O_*$O+RKFRB-Z
M#C%UER


MM]?.N!P/QP2C6H?6KNY+]%]EHXFQ_5?;2!?DOUK8E]B$&R'!O\+0I?NOH;HE
M_BLC

M?



MVD_349;K#?B:*];+%+O'VGPQ50C`L#\9SSV+?=9+=-VWZ3.



7WRIV.X5=+MKZ3







;IP[[O]^GV1\T#$A[^

M'(1MYDNC


=W%3P;D
HGN]
M



%((_'(/H%4*0$KH@IL



M*Z40:PX9!T!*ZNBPK_IUQ)E


MQ#Z2B9^J.Q*7S9-!7;`O
Z?.W&?)VL!F3:\O


G/8X^S

M-`%T
/`E^^\#_)::_3)?[?J=%^=INBQ4HH$?'-^K&2?NQ'0K?;Z-:?
?A7








#Q
MYGL_JY+2[2^E=O1PC+$51RS=&$;4!S_TPJWO!7=1XI.
-F%DL5\U@S`F/^*=

MYA6S^D

-L2WKF9Y.@/9N:[=4L3DC!^?JA'1K;4D8
AJ%BV=1EB'

\
M+NZ\&/DV
M@U=RA@E:O9-C]![.






^0'.8K

=FR7:FX



M;_E0X*[\&QIL[!
T!Q73VB3]7BNTWQL[-1BW8$E4P=_
!45*L:)L&S@=L.&@80

QY(CZ*^?Z'HR$C



M]$!/GC?WD:D`RL
A1H0B[ZN%55B/$E8


U;)
M-2T=87C](V?9=9Q**
\






M)S__NP;
G0TJ?&UQMMZ4N
++-?J^7I@

E\71+@MWCV2X0*ZL0#HV

-F/5W+

M$=4HJP:I2CZ!DJ@`?9+WAV

MVJ(A6JUX
4M`?=





MNDC








BI3T%OID9;1SQ:5-:F.)FO-G&_P^X%/H+C%]_
M-#GI29MP=3Z4TY5]

&)(XV':%47D]8D][H0QV]:(W\]G?
MTWQVN@-L


M

X$D6FXI)ARJ=WA4EN3&8=,6&=V8=(W/6,4R-3
M\&5K4)ES)%XS:[X0Q26F;;2PY@BBX(3T[87F$T;%H=F36=FP1GN_N/D!?[^
M%=\5R


*^X2N/&85H36QQ:WO441.5
*)`/1






MLD(!T1WZ]




%$;^7B<,=ACCO_``WG#H3B'%6(4M%X[&0)&NB9RQKU]GPO1+S;D_FH!L
M8#-G2F
JH^9$WIP[D6UT.*#P
/


[NZ0.Y$L?
M]Z9`%S-9[_8XFB+Z.GD%6J#5UW'UOV
48Z


MD3_LV-I4\5VH0\S4=X


#$T








NGO7DK2_GOWEV_/S;W]H_?(0YRC\Z]F/K3]=)J<.<1$_?7L_+L/

'O-;D%83?5H-&U7K/
*8H_?LW





MJ?Z5#YE7W^JOTPSB04'X)07+/+K#7T4Z:%G4`?712[[?&.&SD9*[^17_(T[@


Q/`Y)<@RL$G
M_-#@_RXE7MJ'.D?XS.'%@-92(R#%C5@6HUKKY5DMRC-DD)_F7Z.



7WQY
H\:Z



MFGD






J@4!]`632.)8M*3CLZ9
M5FYVX[/?G(D




M'U/4F;)PK(Z3[@Y4



Y*\EV169A/+ZW0TRLMWY`%LXH18X
IP/C;-].;'

M6`&4?0[6M/N%VNQ8U/T21UC\#Y)RT]B?P7Z[8]'W*XBB?T/Q5_0(@C1&(+Q-

-HI`99)O.;*
MIO6T


6UFF:\
;5:
M-O/,4)(U\$R;B:9JA1MPILU4]32#3339IYE;$@-5I/@HCMVV[9NC*.QG9CB
MYP`BJMJ]`N5\RJ#PO\7ZV'SWG8L8


M

TAM);G%





Z'S3:LO_.<FP1*BDYL#7C.
VYR1TPF.K@!S4U!7/'$4=QO&X3Z

G!
$`\7ZXV2`SESV1PNJ-E9V)9E%U-^ZJ&BCSSY6H.V#X^?-1L
M5H[G+N?[!8J25WT_/3@DWKE=WBJ/#N.1JQ&:X.?$N\C=37@F[R;+L&;MNSE]


5U#FIMYDJ`JXC5`?)8F*L#:


?W
GH975&82G^79[[_VQN6_9*#GI8L8*B
M7H4T]55K*RAG5P*6ZN+S/)G



3HEJQXGKBF)[P



ML
(PILX^<)$7*ZON6)&Q,WV
M!O.;93J!'%\/\PU(RAC<[,$]#*+O<)HH(3O$68/P0I=_MCE(*+)]`]A*'
M)+5A6J8K8&%S1`K
(;SC.@768%9KHX6NJHOA`M\;[.^3U=H

]M;1;W@)A'W
U(@
:&S5=1FQJA&41XS!66




M&%;]SI7CID

MCH8E3:,Y/T7%P#A1NC+]S?AJ,@H

M
/S%P7X`^







+3+X)Y^[U)HJWH);=

GI$1SHHAC.3:*RLGV.T
MP+046_@4$W,I6L`(=/PAGF)[GT2OT*




M]A9//G#9U)$L7'%A(YHONY2*+LTA0YK`X#[8%B;KFSAI@D#GRU8\'F.E$AU-


$'C.L,_U0F%@;S`
8RC1]8)%DNX_3&/M!`*=!@







`V(8PM`

*4V`-;FQJ&L*2WA;&1$DFENS[FA^_C
MXDBANQ.[A2P
?P/H9)(Q-[;;1D'U'_`4<<-:M%#PJO8]
M+W'B$I/'?F
E-[C@'<X.$KUT^WJ#<[A4]I8[/'WQ[/8&A6Q'_/U.B!)F![A
ML$E7!`?VT

MXF-


DL2\I(6-B8\

6&0)?

M810QMFSWLQW5^_;O1`;5$ATU'+I;A/EM%)0
*HD92]M:ER?BNU;\E7(4I;MZ


M`_*^LX


-!9O*ZSE(
%0%





M:S]4KGM-:H:.SFNZ[F*IP
0=.N0H2%NNAW_TQ)&GV7(]_J
G9%RUC^OQ'CTQ



M-

_

M^5@(
GEP5WW2C_`YT]E95U59QWFD&5SU


?E]


3!(%GRML
MO%Q%/)[`51/;

1$=ZNKIK5AJ)4RAJLFLV'81R5ZUDPT#CB-RN6L





M*GS

M(]GMPK)FBT62`U8*LCL8/





#D%F





Q_18
MHHC1KR!:XJ_O)D?A)[!^/DC_QFNIA0A4?
1/(%E39V[]K*5H'._KX)EV9'N.
M3B2[@)VXEQGS\W



[7-W$B_-A'GNR4_8FH&T.];#Y!I(*W^A@:_8'L*N

P1L7E








M$P^48LG/7;13*^+#
O?O0LH]1FQ_DAU*3GH\]$1)RMNP!LY_@HKWO_NI'O@!




O$XHO

SJ9Y+05^3M6RJ3T;ME$IV



47


B4\H0*`Z&LG7-=(%MT#%@
M#FDK!OB/G=*+`]9^
)0W$)DT$!W9X#`HMV?[]ECNWI9&]U^X'G$
6LI#'(]L
MEB%

M\B#_#M`VK8V*&*%9FH*






M^/


U1%683+I(8'%1BV!C]-()X`-8YBBL
^*S




P1-+0SK`\

YN#4.%1\.(]&UO+2QV#/)


Y=Y@V-(H(DW;AZ)?E
?)N??MY^)C*!6\
MEY_/0R'A#M1XUC+.T8'83$W
(.Q\#%+%^2.X'2VR

M)Z]!^1R1=RE.8955=[CC`VMHZS'Q7B$'YB/*JJG$//CNK@%N'RL
M
WZ']


SZ%\VJ[1*0/GH]+5(5(]D9.)
K^
U_A**MZ%&0H[);$T1YWW
METHKQ\UK]`J3&!%:@^@N3M
.M163QA`WE8;0H.1LL+O/D\5+D+:!9D:+RO32




*/^)7U$O#`?X8
M!6EZ$1


=D2];#[G9*3Y\C$G

M9=IA[H%C-M=Q!








M*[J!R^R%D7ESX(`6;U9!\D

M%YB$&K:7


\/_N\B
M;\:RS'Z.GX$[&#S#&80I'/T`!9YDF(+X(4*KI-ZC%/E73M:)9V#A3W
^+V
M&*1$MT?^C[#0KT%$7EH*E2R71^G^SKD[[A9).ZG540[W3^R!_K!EJQTXH*DE
ML4H[#QC







(_`




'K-X\3M^1]?,/8700I(K
!E):[
M.E84`:G&
L/



3X8HER19K#?7)W562`DG!U*%%




MH'\59







2HLC9@^
M8B`88?'[


<P;3.-=R8*N7KT4:<ZQF%ATM7?;`:TLA1R/`+

M*/MIQTAU&/`'Q*Y1QKS697L/=J&7.;K/`J(KW172](TW-=A#1OK`LYF)3Y
MA/4;R

MRBL



%O09_K@NT74`/[HP=6\6SOZ:!K

M9=NDG#]C4'D-O.W/\;1VZ`CA1




M)I=8L=D;+T#+[\V(=?R:#?&M`4;PB@-V.R2E[$EGW[E3%,-QE[.5G@V9#-=
M-?!Z27G($9;*S=6`[25B/6`?@'S`T$Q46AZ0_/@'F&E*FQ`GJCDJPED1N7!
MQM'7K3.L

6!E5W5L
C+YPRE439?
M78.I6_J,43!E9D1L4'1+7$$%%L)'1L4W5(2C($BO[)]@Z2CJ@!15O-.KC5*


68\Q;I[E?

N2JZJQJK\AYGPE/\-%O+&;7*X^$\)XZ60E7I

-*Y/9SI%!%KW)?'



`3UI?I.7IR9I$7KB_)
MH\&W6V?ZPEX6(Y\]S[)=[.7OZ5/N6;:+.C7]KF;J.V*LR$@\)3L5J5M/HLF=
MTG.5'H3`N)H[\$0_J@&^%SXQX1`WS6


M3V)?E3W


MO!*J9G


M_VN^W^N62SJP!-S#QC=L[B2/[K_OGT$']%$;Z39N$:(DB.$
G*7GU3=59V



$V3`+.R_6#
M*




M&A\1##R9M_QXRX^W_'C+C[?\G`B2WO)SHLI29;0&WLLV8V#?
6'EMVHY01
MO&''DOTH97EOV+%E.PH]T_$



MKGGN3X

MIC
@3V)Q+=!.BLC:+]/3!QY5MW;W]@BO\@2B52GJ%







MGN(K@%FS-?Y]3GQ(HNB`G&)G2J+2FJIF75(P:)S.CN_H8KO;OTM
\`IS79@_

02KC5PAN+
ML*P)C65-J3PKY6R


+N

1=OW*7B#ZWP]0R@G]4=:
M.B]




IF$Q





M[\R8^H$G[B:E69LF!4=AP=E9_`PZW%@=#6Y@^%-D'('I0#8L+8]_=6'I0.





)6[4#')'L&.%7K#A#=
]
-(=*W*`B$:9Y1RV+1)


M!

**CCH(TG2\?



TKM_
PU@%$A=L7E-5N\8B]QA!F/E'=+
MJ(YR`BL5WQ]1S.Q\L?%PCS##8J8MMZTWEV335QS&R6LP[%LJ$-B?&L5*S




M[KO

-+



MZF#
\LH98Z931*RPF!6J8MP@O0+5/T9&3S2K(_Y`!N3-(_#E;8E5S
2ZKJ*3



MA#?DZ37DZ3D%O'V[)W_`KR





1;3!E(RUE]2
MI)V&T_D1$.TH=ERW

MY6

8OQS9ECAC9?AH

M@$*FF]1!$V^;LH#;5N`JVCRVU%

M1



M8W8^)B2&.XF7D*5Q:K?PJOD2DUUQYB)+
QVW;AL-*I?/.;D;Y\N+`-^$4?H8


M4N$K=!R;1%8%58E.!@/O


M)TAN/7)]C:PJ1@M
2U)\=P\P_?T2?_4P(_]BK873P]`*&G6+Y';PNIA90YK-

M7V[[1;U.67%`W?3KMP5


M%




2FJ;?<=;27M92;M*BLG80KF8
M\/7EKH9;*EK7Y5A?5P



A^N8)QL

ELN

MIBDSZ3*^4`U24V37^WO_-;@YSLC[($@^'+R#YH
@N4&0!983#H$T'QACHS\W



.Q=F+_#JW+/$GJ+U<8


MYLZN
R@
5W`.SEBN:P7TQU3S)#XSNHV
_^5




CYFA`99^M='



5]&+!
'Z!KN:9H

5H]


MVJ8RUR!`:4'``XAPD_`2CYH^OF#4+X(4A/?!MNAEMM*=+

M*M[`K1L(!&-4KZQ4D'CI?EQZ^QIN9.\!.$E-EZ?$
O_^E*#)XM]FSQR&RQ

MZ.B=T@(

==O[C^P5%%Y!X1447D&A

(#^:ZNY`JJ@/XFLD40U(YH)H%K0;COWB



M9%AHSPQZ9E`?







X`$SB#GH!%
?

MSZF.[A:K=&]YQM4SKO8SKG][3^@DI;;Q?_Q_4$L#!!0````(`/B$6$969&W.

30Q

6@6YTHQL-H-%H_/B/Y\!W

YTZYR&E
MV/?QVOG5Q3YF*

LXWCU

5L
MS!L;0Z41U
*


(N)&

'Q3$C#TF
2Q426E3Y.\?R(Z(TC(7)$K_YE]6*T'DH
M?\('/BX_LM#'
]!
A__Q97IEHC.6QG?
ZX[/0S?AE+J7=8Q.LKP


M;Q?Y;N(+P&OX+8%E#1/@BH%9IG$/R(*R9CCY-1/(SN1T#P0+E;J=7Q(*QIX@
M_RZ

`^'=+`+




!7




M6T=@3UVK&?Y!`7HIP$]AZ#T1W^\K;Q.\6;SOJN+-4`V2[5)N?)[M`:/?@8



M]^OMG)^VP0I8\#;%/C]?.0.LD3B?.^7AIK!`%U`=EVM;MF'6#LW%QVU]2-.3

V3=`1:&8\)$Z2FF0/06CL^R
U*HCD$


_88=]1!$=K@

MKVP3[#0HP8M%/74Y!MVZ%;/J:&[/C1%0@]Y\C=B9#BK2:%9&S3_I3&.9M$
M5DEAB\V#DDX(!K%()G0[5U



BK(;1;F(8A+PE=V7





L7):-S/



9_?KH3A
M_$(]S-)W=/GI-LC\)J395:5S\=YKR'A)<SAC+VQF;=%]<$I$H]`8V:3\!:S

MWY4$TA0`*;






M%XU9831/9]I

.V=8$7B$JV:%^JNR`LU
)1A`^*]1!C?BGT:3H]'QY/`Y\B2)

MHP)7]^[P8C;F6
@XD_MJJ?2*PSHK

V/HJQ@'?




MFSYZ88`(K6
ZI5CGV4N8]&GNA+M'OO^)0HZ+UJ1593/8\Q.X(/'/VK$UY9:
M1?]BP?`Q5@CO5I@%]4




M;5


MZA$SSO/M_


IL7*_5+
M'_#7US

!L%4'[+ERZ^K_$%P^MV+@
U

MKO%:Z3?='9-57^ON






MK0JQN8J5

]P

MQZL(`\Q/2G'=W%)?:M&4HA!8F4GT$BLGD)S
*9[7W$]I*+9OF`D2^:G=Q3
*



MJ(EPI$$?B^=;TS=`Q


MH:0@6S-CC16LXD*./MB@
^Q']Z&O+&MKU7=([`:6.`7G%TRO-+0O(=#^S!


R]5DFS[)







/PBT-%+Y
J%

DOB*SK?#<I6[0^9



M$L[8*;A(=RO=.Z0[!KMZ0@3
@(6\0VN.27M4I*G\-6C_/0H2[)]X*(CN
*71



7Z





RW]%;!WAK8SJ3N,DQ_6Q:59T#+S[;N'+%E01A]V<MS%&`*,RS,M45Z
M`LX0+2<]V',S_R%]6ID'\GEX!_W8C/I532]1$W^=/:4;,5GE.`T3?II.S_AA
M4<AD$%#QO85=;6C@/8@5G'*LU]

M#UJAV-+EO]
%S@8N-.JK





M\7?INB
M7!IXU-@33
.&UD_XKYP9Q54$YH$_$R)^#?VX=;X7[`/?QQ'[A('/[\?U!+


M
#$T

M%`````@`^(181G`?OL(L9@``1$8)`!0`&````````0```*2!:

 'defref_sam_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F-E,S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF,5\T.&-C
M,C=E.&4V9&$B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T
M.&-C







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H


O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$



M968]



#I%

























O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

#I.86UE/E-U8G-E

M($A2968]

5]O9E]3:6=N:69I
M8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT


M+U-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@



M968]


'!E;G-E<U]A;F1?3W1H97)?0W5R
3PO

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@
M2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T

M965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z








M:&5E=#








M971S+U-H965T-#

M



T0B


M


M968]


M96%S95]/8FQI9V%T

#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O






O4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

#I.86UE/D-O;6UI=&UE










N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M968]












&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X


O4VAE970W
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\




O4VAE970W-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='




\





M7T


M9V5S7VEN7T%C8W5M=6QA=&5D7T]T:&5R7T
Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z













M;W-O9G0@17AC96P@6%`@;W(@;F5W97(N/]P/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT




]


]
T1T


]


]

]

C`L
M(#(P


]
T1R;SX-

]





]
T1T


M










]



]

]


]



]




]
T1R


]
T1T97AT/BTM
3(M





]
M


]


]



]

]




#`\








]
M

C$L










]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L-C$W+#


'0O:'1M;#L@






]
T1T:#Y$96

C@L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#DL

M;7`^)`W-PT-C





]

M;F0@)#$V

M
C@L(#(P
3










]


]


]
T1T


M



]
M

3(L





M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D=O;V1W:6QL/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

#4L


]



]











]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






]
T1R974^#0H@

M96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

3`L


3`T+#


]

]
M












]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L-C

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$V.2PP








]
T1N=6UP/C$W
RPP
C4\





]
T1N=6T^
M*#@X

M;G5M/B@X



C$R+#(S




]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C
P








M('P@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X










]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]






]


]






]


]

]
T1P


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP

M7V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V
R-V4X939D80T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




]



]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



C(L-S`P+#`P
M





S0S



S0S/'-P86X^












RPV

M

M;7`^
RPY-C(L

M97AT4&%R=%]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C
C=E.&4V9&$-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M:61A=&5D(%-T871E;65N='


T0V/C$R


CY$96

M
T0R/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

C`Q


]










]

]
T1N=6UP/CDP
RPP

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

SDL


]

]



]
M


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0V-2PP

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]

]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]





M;7`^-3`L



]

30Y/'-P





3@L


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]


3$S+#`Y

]
M


T1T;W`^


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]


]
T1N


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;W1H97(@97AP96YS92P@;F5T/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y-S



]


]


]





M-#(L


]







]
M

]

]


T1T;W`^5V5I


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]

]
M

]



]


M9VX]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3`L



]
M

]

]


]



]


T1T;W`^/'-T


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]




Y/'-P86X^





]
T1N=6UP/CDL




T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960M879E


]


]


]

]

]
T1T97AT

]



]


T1T






]
T1F;CX\


]

]








T1T
M;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V('9A;&EG;CTS



S4L


3`P+#`P
M


M(&]N($YO=F5M8F5R(#0L(#(P
30L('=I=&@@=&AE(#4R+7=E96L@;G5M8F5R


M
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C


M(&-O;G1E;G0]




M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^5&]T86P\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@



]



\8G(^


M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]





]

N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@



]
T1R


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C4Y

]

M-RPX.30@:6X@
C`Q
BP@)#4L
C@R(&EN(#(P
3


]


]

M86QI9VX]


L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!T87@@8F5N969I
M=!O9B`D-RPX.30@:6X@,C`Q,BP@)#4L,C@R(&EN(#(P,3,@86YD(0Q-RPS
M-3
@:6X@

]
T1T


]

M86QI9VX]





]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#$V-2PQ.3(I/'-P86X^

38U+#`P
M


]

]



]


]




M(&EN(#(P

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96

]
T1N=6UP/C$U-RPS

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X.#


I(&%T($1E8RX@
CDL(#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C@L-S`T+#`P


]


]


]

SDR





M-S`L



C`Q
R!A;F0@)#$W+#
U
R!I
M;B`R



M9FET(&]F(0W+#@Y-!I;B`R

]
T1N





]


]

]














@02!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+W1D/@T*

]


]




]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]








M(&EN(#(P
3(L(0R.38@:6X@,C`Q,R!A;F0@)#0U-2!I;B`R,#$T/]T9#X-





]

C`Q

]
M



L


]
T1R8SX-B`@(`@

C`Q


RPY-C(L




M(&]P=&EO;G

M
3(L(0U+#(X,B!I;B`R,#$S(&%N9`D

S4S(&EN(#(P
30@*&EN('-H



M(0W+#@Y-!I;B`R



]



T1T;W`^4F5P=7)C


]
T1N=6T^*#(Y+#`P

]
M

]


]


]





]
T1N=6T^*#
T-2PP






]


C`Q
BP@
M)#(Y-B!I;B`R
#$S(&%N9`D-#4U(&EN(#(P,30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#
V+#$T
M



]
T1R8SX-


RPV


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V
M.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C


T0G


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

@;V8@4W1O


T0S


#$T/&)R/CPO


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@;W!T

M97


]


M;G




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C
C=E.&4V9&$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@;W1H97)W:7-E

]
T1T:#Y$96
N

M8RX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]











M=7-T;65N='





#




]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0V

]



]


]





]
T1N=6T^*#$W+#
U

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#(X

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#@Y


]


34L

3$L-C



]


]


]


M/B@Q








]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C8L










]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#0Y



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#$Y/'-P

S8Q

M




]

M86QI9VX]

M97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-3$L





]


M='


RD\








]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#8W+#
R







@02!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+W1D

]



]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#(W



]


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#
U



]
T1R93X-



]


]
T1N=6UP/C@P





]
T1N=6T^*#(L.3DT

M=&]P/D-H86YG92!I;B!C87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-

SDI/'-P86X^

C4L
#$S


M-C




@870@96YD(&]F




]




]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#0T



T1T


]




]


M;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M





]




'0O:'1M;#L@





M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q-#QB

]


]

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O





#%#.T-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#%$.RD@87)E




#%$.R`F(W@R









@87)E




W
M8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V
R



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5!1#X-

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C





M4TE:13H@



M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M86YY)B-X


-B!O9B`R
M,#$T+`R

M4TE:13H@


M9R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T


@86YD(&)A;&%N8V5S(&AA=F4@8F5E

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



@;V8@='=O(&]P97)A=&EN9R!S


M;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@4V%M=65L#0H@061A;7



M+4%

N(%1H90T*('-E8V]N




M8VAA;FYE;'



@87)E


M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M97

M













$$P.S(X




N

@8V%S:`T*(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S('=I



M86-C;W5N='





M:7


#$T(&%N9`T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P
M
3

M86-C;W5N='


M;B`Q


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q




M9!A8V-R=65D#0H@97AP96YS97,@870@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!,#LR-RP@,C`Q
M-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!

M;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'



M
C`Q0SM!4T
F(WA!
#LX
C`F(W@R
#%$.RDN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E;&EE






@86YD(&9I;FES
M:&5D#0H@9V]O9'

L('=H:6-H('!R:6YC:7!A;&QY





M;F0@86YD('5N9&5R(&-O;G1R86-T+B!!('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-H86YG92!I




@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@







T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



@86YD




M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X


@;V8@=&AE('5N9&5R;'EI


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0U
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T-B4^

M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

T1T;W`^
R!T;R`U('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`\

T1T;W`^36%C


M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E
M;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)U:6QD:6YG(&%N9!B=6EL9&EN9R!I;7!R;W9E;65N='
\

M;!L:69E(&]F#0H@=&AE(&)U:6QD:6YG+!W:&EC:&5V97(@:7


M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



@=&\@1&ES=')I8G5T;W)S+B!!


C`Q.3MS

M;7!A;GD@8V]L;&5C='

C`Q.3MS(&)A;&%N








@;F]T(&)E96X@;6%T97)I86P@




M(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N('1O(&5S=&EM871E('1H92!P:'ES:6-A;!C;W5N=!O

N(%1H



M871I;VX@8GD@)#$N
!M:6QL:6]N+`D
2XX(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD#0H@)#$N



M)#`N-!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D




3@N
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U14

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T







4






@;F]T(&%M;W)T:7IE(&=O;V1W




#$T(&%N

#$S('1H90T*(&=O;V1W:6QL(&]F('1H



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@







M(W@R
#$Y.W

L(&EN


'!E;G-E(&EN








M97(F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!,#LR.P@
C`Q
RX\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)




M92!B965N(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W




L('-U
M8V@@87
@=&%X(&-R961I='


L#0H@

M=W




M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




M87@@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@:6YV;VQV97




P-B`\:3Y);F-O;64@5&%X97



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N




N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES('-U8FIE






M13H@










L#0H@=&AE('!R


M9X@268@=&AE(&-O;F1I=&EO;G,@9F]R(')E=F5N=64-B!R96-O9VYI=&EO

@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(F(WA!
#LR-RP@
2!H87
@9&5F97)R960@)#8N














M;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@






L

-B!R96QA=&EN9R!T;R!Q=6%L:71Y(&-O;G1R
M;VPL(&EN8F]U;F0@9G)E:6=H=!C:&%R9V5S+!D97!R96-I871I;VX-B!E










M+`D-3`N,R!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D
S8N
PT*(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@9FES8V%L
M('EE87)S(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@


M97


M#0H@86-T:79I='D@97AP96YS97



@=&\@9&ES=')I8G5T;W(@;&]C871I;VYS(&%N
M9`T*('!O:6YT+6]F+7-A;&4@:71E;7
N(%1O=&%L(&%D=F5R=&ES:6YG(&%N

!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D-S@N
PT*(&UI;&QI

M;G-O;&ED871E9!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&EN8V]M92!F;W(-B!F:7-C86P@

@

M

@8V5R=&%I;B!A9'9E


F(W@R

M=6-H(&5F9F]R='



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'


M
#4M-3`L(#QI/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VX@)B-X
C`Q-#L@0W5S=&]M
M97(@4&%Y;65N='


@=&]T86QE9`D-3(N-!M:6QL:6]N+`D-#`N-!M:6QL
M:6]N(&%N9`D,C@N,0T*(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@9FES8V%L('EE87(@,C`Q-P@
M
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


-B`R,#$T+`R









M:6X@;6%R:V5T:6YG(&%N9`T*(&%D=F5R=&ES:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
N($1E


M=&EO;G
L('1H97-E(&%C=&EV:71I97

M)B-X


M;&%C96UE;G0L('-A;7!L97

L('!R;VUO=&EO


L




PT*(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%N9`D.XV(&UI


3
N



M;&5S(&EN8V5N=&EV97




M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM





L#0H@=')A=F5L(&%N






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


C`Q

M/]I/@T*(@F(W@R
#%#.T%30R`W
3@F(W@R
#%$.RDL('=H:6-H(&=E;F5R



M:6]D*2X@5&AE(&%M;W5N=!O9@T*(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T(')E8V]G
M;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F#0H@:6YC



T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@





M86P@;W5T8V]M97



M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




M(&)Y(&1I=FED:6YG(&YE=!I;F-O;64@8GD-B!T:&4@=V5I9VAT960M879E


M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97









T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M


#%#.T%30R`V
#8F(W@R



M=FEC97


M9&5R('1H92!C=7)R96YT(&=U:61A;F-E+B!4:&ES('5P9&%T92!T;PT*($%3
M0R`V


M('%U87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L('EE87(@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
M
5\T.&-C

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

\8G(^

]
T1R93X-



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L




@86YD(&9I;FES:&5D#0H@9V]O9'
N(%)A=R!M871E



#$Y.W

M:69I960@87

@;V8@='=O('EE87)S(&]F

@86YD(&9I
M;FES:&5D#0H@9V]O9'



M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@






MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
M1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.P\8G(@+SX-B`R




M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LS.2PU
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS

U+#$Q-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


SDQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!


3!P=#L@1D].

65M

\+W`^#0H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,PW.3
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#DQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

C4Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


T1B;W1T

$$P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4




'0O:'1M;#L@




]





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'

@86YD(&]T:&5R(&-U

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^/]T


#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P





1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#
V.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*($5X8VES92!A;F0@;W1H97(@=&%X(')E8VEE=F%B;&5S/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]


T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%!R97!A:60@:6YS
M=7)A;F-E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

2PP
#D\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!

M


#M.;W1E($HI/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@3W1H97(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW.3`\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P(#%P
!S

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#L\

3!P=#L@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDL-C`V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?
M-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V

3(N:'1M







]



]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^#0H@/'`@






T0G0D]21$52




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1C96YT


#`P
M

#$T/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


2XP
'!T('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`G/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R
M)B-X03`[,C@L/&)R(\^#0H@
C`Q


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\8CXH:6X-B!T:&]U




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR-3DL

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

3!P=#L@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B!+96=S/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3(T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@;F]W

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D



M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(S+#DY
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&YO=W)A


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW-RPQ
S`\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

C
T/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



T0G;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B!/9F9I8V4@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-PP-C,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y
M;&4]

7!X.SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P



#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^


2XP

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


T1T;W`^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97



'!T

@86-C=6UU



M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-#
L
3
Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

2XP


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P


M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


'!T)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
X
2PU-CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P


T0G8F]R

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!




C`Q
M
R!A;F0@
C`Q




'!T





@;V8@)#$N
M.!M:6QL:6]N+`D
2XV(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%N9`D,XQ(&UI;&QI;VXL#0H@



W

O4VAE
M970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M1TE.+51/4#H@


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
M

@;V8@=&AE



N

M:7)E9!S=6)S=&%N=&EA;&QY(&%L;!O9B!T:&4@87-S971S(&]F('1H92!#


@86QL;V-A=&5D('1O
M#0H@9V]O9'=I;&PN(%-E92!.;W1E($P@9F]R(&1E=&%I;'


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M







30@



05!3


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


C`Q
M
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

#LR-RP\
M8G(@+SX-B`R,#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

M

M=VEL;P@;F5T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C,L-C@S/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X




#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#8X
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F-E,S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?
M8CAF,5\T.&-C,C=E.&4V9&$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO869C93

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X




M


M3&EA8FEL:71I97


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


@86YD($]T:&5R



M4D1%4BU#3TQ


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$

M/@T*(#(P

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S

C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

I/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ.2PT-3,\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@

3!P=#L@


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-PU
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R




\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XY+#
S-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M
#LF(WA!

M13H@



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C0L.3@P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^
RPR

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L
C8U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


M8V-R=65D(&EN9W)E9&EE;G1S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#0R
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8X
CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X


T0G1D].

M
#LF(WA!



T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,C4\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\

3!P

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+#`U
M.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M
#`P
$$P

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#
M145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

#L\+W`^



M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\







T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


M87-E($]B;&EG871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

3AP=#L@;6%R9VEN



M3V)L:6=A=&EO;G






M
S$L(#(P






M871I;W
N#0H@5&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@14))5$1!('1O(&EN=&5R

M(WA!
#LR-RP@

M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[



@87


M


M
#LR-RP@
C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!,#LR.P@
C`Q
RX\+W`^#0H@


G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P


L('1H92!#;VUP86YY




@;W1H97(@

M=7)C:&%S92!O9B!I='



@;V8@

M:71Y($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N+!A;F0-B`H8RDF(WA!
#MR961E;7!T:6]N



@

N($EN('1H90T*






#%#.T-O








G!T.R!M

M;G0@=VET:!86YK(&]F($%M97)I8V$@3BY!+B!I;B!*=6YE(#(P
3(N(%1H

#(Q

@9FEX960@870@

M03`[
S$L(#(P

@86-C;W5N=&5D

M:&5R#0H@87-S971S(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS(&-O;G-O;&ED





M;&4]

'!T.R!F;VYT

3!P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B!)
M;B!/8W1O8F5R(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;B!A


#LT+`R,#$S+B!4:&4-B!#







M9B`D-S(V+#`P







M97


]
M




&5S/]B/CPO<#X-



M:61T:#H@
'!X)SX-B!3:6=N:69I8V%N=!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F('1H92!P





'!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M

M97

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[



M='1O;3XF(WA!

M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^*&EN('1H


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2


T1B;W1T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LS
PU.34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



3!P=#L@

M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]

SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

3!P


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
M
PX,3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
2PQ
38\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
C`\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C$Q+#
S-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
BPQ-#D\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
V+#`U
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M







3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0W.4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M;!B96YE9FET/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
BXQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-H86YG92!I;B!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-I97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

30[)B-X


#LF(WA!


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

2XU/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M

T1N;W=R


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9VX]


M
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G





G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@;V8@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

M.B!R9V(H



M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@



M-C4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


M


M;&4]


M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

C`Q


T1B;W1T



M.B`G5&EM97

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^


T1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L
#@W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XR+#@V
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T



#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#4S-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]T:&5R/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M








T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Q+#@T.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XQ-RPX-#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#0Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PP
M-3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/BDF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#5E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L(&1E9F5R

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
PX,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D



65M.R!415A4+4E.

M8CX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M13H@

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-C$L,#4W/]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-#$L-C
Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

M9VX]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
M+#(V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U.#`\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#5E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG


T1B;W1T;VT@



M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%

M87@@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M+#`S
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



#L\

7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L











-B!A;6]U;G1E9!T;R`D
XS(&UI;&QI
M;VX@86YD(0P+C

#$T
M#0H@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P
3


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3


M9V(H



M0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@




M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G

M86QI9VX]

M


#L\+W1D/@T*



M8CXR

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LV,3D\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF
M(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


\+W`^#0H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R




M:'0^#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M92!O9B!S=&%T=71E(&]F(&QI;6ET871I;VYS/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XH-#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($)A;&%N
M8V4@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\

S8X/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV


#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




G!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


$$P.S(X+`R,#$S
M(&%R92!P;W1E;G1I86P@;F5T#0H@8F5N969I=',@;V8@)#`N,R!M:6QL:6]N
M(&%N9`D


6EN
M9PT*(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E('-H965T<R!A;F0@861J=7-T960@

@9G)O;2!T:&4@86UO=6YT(')E8V]R9&5D





40[*0T*


M;F-O;64@=&%X(')E='5R;G


M;'1E9!I;B!A(&YE=`T*(&1E8W)E87-E(&]F(0P+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!U

M07!R:6P@




M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#$Y.W





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






M:6X@












M

M(&]N#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LQ-2P@





M-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V






]

T1)1#!%040^



M8RX@


M=&]P/D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(&%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@





#$T+B!4:&5S90T*(&-O



@86YD(&]T:&5R
M(&EN9W)E9&EE;G1S(&]F(0S,XP(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%D=F5R=&ES:6YG#0H@


M
C(N

-B!M:6QL
M:6]N+!A;F0@;W1H97(@8V]M;6ET;65N='
@;V8@)#


@9F]R('1H


-


3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$




#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB
M/C(P

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S;VQI

#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$

M/C(P
3@M
C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF
M(WA!

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,3@@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^*&EN('1H
M;W5S86YD<RD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,RPV,C,\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(W@R

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
P+#`R
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,PP
C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


M
3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%
M1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%D=F5R=&ES:6YG/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(W+#DR-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR.#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]



M




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
BPP
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

C(L
#4X

M(WA!
#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]




$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

BPR-C
\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

RPR
#(\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

2PP
30\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L-#(T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

T1T


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#LF(WA!
#L\




M
#LF(WA!

#L\




M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`Q


M=&@@=&AE('%U86YT:71I97

M;F%T960@:6X@175R;W
L('1O('=H:6-H('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES(&-O;6UI

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M




M9B`D


M;W5R8V5S(&=L87-S(&)O='1L97


40[*2P@



#$Y.W
@0VEN






M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N






@
M9&%T97
@=&AR;W5G:`T*(#(P

M=V%S(0S+C(@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#(N-R!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`T*(0R+C`@;6EL

@





M9B!I='













M=&AE('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@87)R86YG96UE;G0N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES(&%L




M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T)SX-








M;65N='



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


3`L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R



@861J
#(P
4

#%$.RDN)B-X
M03`[26X@=&AE('1H:7)D('%U87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q

#%#.T-/4D8@1W)A;G0F(W@R
#%$.RD@9F]R('1H92!0





#M);B!C;VYN96-T








4








M=6ES:71I;VX@86YD(&-L96%N=7`@8V]S='
@9F]R('=H:6-H(&ET(&ES(')E



M='DL#0H@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=V]U;&0@;F]T(&)E(')E:6UB=7)S960@8GD@


M8V]S='


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



30L('1H92!#

M96QA=&5D('1O('1H92!#3U)&($=R86YT(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN(&]T:&5R(&-U

@8V%N(&)E(')E87-O





M(&]P97)A=&EO;G

W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?
M-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F
M8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE





#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



3!P=#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T)SX-B!4

@=&AE('!R:6-E('1H


M871I;VX@=VET:&EN('1H92!H:65R87)C:'D@=7!O;B!T:&4@;&]W97-T#0H@


@9F]R(&ED96YT

#LQ(&UE




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#9P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

#LF(W@R
#$T.PT*($QE=F5L)B-X03`[
2!I;G!U='
@

@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@=&AA

#L\+W`^


M
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L

C([/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=#Y

@:6YC






T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$
M15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B-X
C`R
CL\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[

M
30[#0H@3&5V96PF(WA!





7!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
M


M92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%T('1H92!M96%S=7)E;65N=`T*(&1A=&4N)B-X03`[


M86X[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


#LF(WA!
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^5&]T86P\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A


30[)B-X03`[)B-X


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV.PX-#8\+W1D/@T*


M4BU#3TQ


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

M.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DQE=F5L(#$\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^3&5V
M96PF(WA!
#LS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^


T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,PR
C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4P+#(R-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T


C`Q.3MS





@

M97

M;F%T=7)E+B!&:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@;F]T(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T




3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T)SX-

3$%0

T0P

M/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M.S(W+`T*(#(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^3&5V96PF(WA!
#LQ/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M
T1C96YT97(^/&(^5&]T86P\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,3,\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
M



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Q
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T1T;W`^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M3TQ


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M(#(X+`R,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M.B`C
#`P

M
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[
3PO8CX\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*




#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#LF
M(WA!



M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@



'0O:'1M



]


\+W1D




@;V8@=&AE($-O;F5Y

@9G)O;2!3:&UA;'1Z($)R




@:6YC=7)R960N



I.CPO

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A





M86QI9VX]





#LF
M(WA!

M


1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\

3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($=O;V1W:6QL/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P




M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M4#H@




#$R



C`Q.3MS#0H@:G5D

L(&EN8VQU


M.B`Q


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,S@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*(%1R861E(&YA;64\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
#$\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*
M($=O;V1W:6QL/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

2PQ-C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT




#`P



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L.3`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@






N#0H@5&AE(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R97-U;'1S(&]F($%N9V5L

M960@:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

M8VEA;`T*('-T871E;65N='

W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR
M7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V
R-V4X939D82]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



]
M


T1T

]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@







T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z







#MC97)T


F(WA!

@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@87









T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)



L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!T:&4-B!R:6=H
M=!T;R`H
2DF(WA!

BDF(WA!


M8RDF(WA!


M('-H87)E(&]F($-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K#0H@:7
@9G)E96QY(&-O




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4




#$Y.W
@8W)E9&ET





T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@



#$Y.W
@16UP;&]Y964@17%U:71Y($EN
M8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N(AT:&4-B`F(W@R

C`Q


@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@870@80T*(&1I












M





@;V8@
M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDL('1H92!V86QU92!O9B!T:&4@='EP92!O9B!A=V%R9'
@



M+51/4#H@


@87)E#0H@9W)A;G1E9!A=!T

C`Q.3L@9&ES8W)E=&EO;BP@8G5T
65A<B!P97)I




C4@86YD(#0R+#8P

M;7!L;WEE97





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q


R!S:&%R97
@;V8@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

F(WA!
#M!#0H@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K('=I
M=&@@82!W96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@)#$S,XT
R!P

2!R




F(W@R

M9FES8V%L(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(L('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GD@9W)A



@;V8@9FEV92!Y96%R

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4







@=F5S=!R871A8FQY(&]V97(-B!S97)V:6-E





#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!E;7!L;WEE97,@96QE8W1E9!T
M;R!P=7)C:&%S92!A;B!A9V=R96=A=&4@;V8-B`X+#4Q-BP@,3(L.#DT+!A
M;F0@
3
L


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`Q
G!T)SX-B!/;B!*86YU87)Y)B-X03`[,2P@,C`Q-2P@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GD@9W)A;G1E9`V+#`Y
B!S:&%R97

Q
R!S:&%R97
@=6YD

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@







M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86QS;R!P=7)C:&%S97
@=6YV97-T960@:6YV97-T;65N

M;VUP86YY.R!T:&5S92!S:&%R97




M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`V


M92`F(W@R

C`Q1#LI




#$T+`R,#$S(&%N
M9`R


L(')E

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M




M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$
M15(M0T]




M=&@]
T0T-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M;3XF(WA!

B!A

\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86X]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M9T\8G(@+SX-B!!=F5R86=E/&)R(\^#0H@4F5M86EN:6YG/&)R(\^#0H@
M0V]N=')A8W1U86PF(WA!


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$<FEG:'0^-3`N,30\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,C@N-S`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M.R!4

M86QI9VX]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M4TE:13H@
#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X





#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@W+C`X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP



T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#
X
PT-#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0N
3$\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

S
2PX
C`\+W1D/@T*

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#-P




M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B





T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

M870@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR-RP@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C0U
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A


#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52





M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@


30\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#,S,2PR.3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0N
3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG

R
PQ,38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

3!P=#L@1D].

M#0H@3V8@=&AE('1O=&%L(&]P=&EO;G

M97(F(WA!
#LR-RP@

M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T




M;F=E(&EN('1H92!$2B!7:6QS:&ER92`U
#`P($EN9&5X(&9R;VT@86YD(&%F

#LQ+`T*(#(P








30@



M


@=&AE(&UI;FEM=6T@

M=V%R9!W:&EC:!W87


M97



@;W!T:6]N(&EN('1H92!F:7-C86P@
C`Q

7!X.R!-



@:6X@=&AE#0H@86-C





M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

63H@5&EM
M97

PP+#`I(#%P=!S


M


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/3-$


M

2`M+3X-B`\='(@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%M;W5N='

M('!R;VUO=&EO;F%L(&%N9!S96QL:6YG#0H@97AP96YS97,\+W`^#0H@/]T

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L-3$U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


M9V(H



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#
W.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\

2PT
#$\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8T-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT




W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M(WA!




N(%1H92!#;VUP
M86YY(&)E;&EE=F5S('1H870@=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97


M97)M(&]P=&EO;G

-B!T:&%T('9O;&%T:6QI='D@
M86YD(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&5S(&%R92!C;VYS=&%N=!O=F5R('1H92!L:69E
M(&]F#0H@=&AE(&]P=&EO;BX@26X@861D:71I;VXL('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E



@:70@=&%K97
@:6YT;R!A8V-O=6YT

C`Q.3MS('-T;V-K('!R


@9W)A

C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
B!W87
@)#$P-BXX
2P@
M)#8P+CDY+!A;F0-B`D-#4N
#





@87)E(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[



M='1O;3XF(WA!


B!A;&EG

#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
S
N.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

2XX-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+C@F(WA!
M

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D

M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M;G


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XP+C`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
#(P



@879A:6QA


0T*(&AA





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
M












E


7!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0
M.B`Q


30L(#(P
3
@
M86YD(#(P
3(-B!W87,@)#,N.!M:6QL:6]N+`D-XW(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD




#$T+`T*(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@=V%S(0T-2XX(&UI;&QI;VXL
M(0Q


M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

#$T+`T*('1H








M($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$
#X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#@S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E

M

#$U
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L-#0S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX-B`R,#$V/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

$$P


M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#`T
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@



M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$Y/]P





#LF
M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LQ
2PX
C

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M26X@861D:71I;VXL(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[

30L('1H




M='

#LR-RP@



M

@06-T:79I='D\+VD^

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T)SX-B!4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-U;6UA


M#0H@)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($YO;BUV97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
M




T0G1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@

3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($=R86YT960\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

3DR+C8Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
RXX
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M;&4]

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
#
N-3(\

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO



M8F5R)B-X03`[

30\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW,RPP.3@\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




R
M-2XP(&UI;&QI;VX@=&\@)#
U





2!H87


M

M4TE:13H@
3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M(')G8B@P+#`L


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





#LF(WA!
M

M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^#0H@
M*&EN)B-X03`[=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M

M3E0M4TE:13H@


Q+`R,#$Q/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

C`Q


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V-2PQ.3(\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

3@L

#LF
M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M


T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

C`Q
R!R

T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Y-2PW
C@\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

CDL-3@U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



C`Q

M9VX]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P
M+#@Y
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

CDY+#4R.#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M86QI9VX]


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Y+#0W-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X
M8V






]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


]

M86QI9VX]









M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


4
[0F]S

40[*2P@=VAI8V@@=V%S(&5S
M=&%B;&ES:&5D(&)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN(#$Y.3
L(&ES(&$-B!#;VUP
M86YY+7-P;VYS;W)E9!D969I;F5D(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!P;&%N('1H870@





#$Y.W

M;6%T8V@N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA=&-H97
@
3`P)2!O9@T*('1H92!F:7)S

M92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G

M;B!965R#0H@-#`Q*&LI(%!L86X@86UO=6YT960@=&\@)#(N.!M:6QL:6]N

M
C`Q

@86YN=6%L(&%D;6EN:7-T

M:7







T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M#0H@5&AE(&1E9FEN960@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N('!L86XL('1H92!386UU96P@
M061A;7

4
[4T%0R`T,#$H
M:RD-B!0;&%N)B-X

M86)L92!T;R!A;&P@=6YI;VX@96UP;&]Y965S('5P;VX@8V]M;65N8V5M96YT

2P@
C`P-RP@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@8V]M;65N8V5D(&UA:VEN9R!A(&YO;BUE;&5C=&EV90T*(&-O



3D[($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@56YI;VXL($QO8V%L(#$L#0H@1FER96UE

C`Q0SM

3(L

;V-A;`C,C`-B`H)B-X
C`Q0SM

C`Q


M
2AK*2!0;&%N(&ES('!A:60@8GD@=&AE(%!L86XF(W@R
#$Y.W
@:6YV97-T


M:6UU;2!O9B!T=V\@8F%S:7



M96YS97

M;6%N86=E;65N=!O9B!T:&4-B!304)#(#0P
2AK*2!0;&%N+B!3=6-H(&9E
M97


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




4
[3&]C86P@
3$Y

40[*2P@:7
@82!#;VUP86YY+7-P;VYS
#(P






#LR


2!A;F0@3&]C86P@
M56YI;VX@(S$Q.3D@=&\@87-S:7-T('1H96T@=VET:!T:&4@8V]S=!O9@T*

M('1H92`F(W@R
#%#.U)E=&ER964@365D:6-A;!0;&%N)B-X,C`Q1#LI+!A



#$Y
M.W



M(')E=&ER965S(&9R;VT@3&]C86P@(S(P+!F;W(-B!A=!L96%S=`W(&]F


M)B-X03`[




M97(@4')I8V4@26YD97@@9F]R#0H@=&AE('EE87)S(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD
M(#(P
3(N(%1H92!E9F9E8W0@;V8@82`Q)2!P;VEN=!I;F-R96%S90T*(&%N
M9!T:&4@969F96-T(&]F(&$@






M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`Q


@;V8@3&]C86PF(WA!
#LC
C`@86YD($QO8V%L(%5N:6]N(,Q
M,3DY(')E;6%I;@T*(&%V86EL86)L92!T;R!T:&5M('-H;W5L9!T:&5Y(')E





M82!

M;G0@*&EF(&$@3&]C86P@56YI;VX@(S$Q.3D@;65M8F5R*2!W:71H('1H92!#

M


@;V8@3&]C86P@56YI;VX@(S$Q.3DL
2!A<F4@96QI
M9VEB;&4@9F]R($UE9&EC87)E('5N9&5R('1H90T*(%-O8VEA;!396-U<FET



3$Y.2!096YS:6]N(%!L86X@

M4TE:13H@
3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3DY(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[


#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X
M03`[

T1B


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.P\8G(@+SX-B`R
M


#LF
M(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


@870@96YD(&]F

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.


T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L
M


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M.B`C
#`P

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R

M;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%5N

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PV.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U
M,#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/BDF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

P
M
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`Q,G!T)SX-B!4:&4@3&]C86P@
3$Y.2!0;&%N(&EN=F5S='
@:6X@
M82!F86UI;'D@;V8@9G5N9'


3D[#0H@:6YV97-T

M(')E='5R;G







@:6X@=&AE(&9A




3DY(%!L86XF(W@R
#$Y.W

U)2!D96)T
M('-E8W5R:71I97


M;'D@

M
$$P.TET(&ES(&%S<W5M960-
MB!T:&%T('1H92!,;V-A;`Q
3DY(%!L86XF(W@R
#$Y.W
@:6YV97-T;65N


#M!9&1I=&EO;F%L
M(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@:7



30@86YD
M#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!


C`Q
M



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4




@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T

M
T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-C4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M



M.B`C
#`P

M
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
M1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.P\8G(@+SX-B`R



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XV-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\

3!P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@


T1T;W`^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
#`\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869C93
W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


]
T1T:#Y$96


M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T)SX-B!4:&4@9F]L;&]W
M:6YG('1A8FQE('-E='





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M:61T:#TS1#4U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W1D/@T*




3(\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

SDR/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H







M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
BPP
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

3@L.3$S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@




MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XU
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


M13H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

M13H@
3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-L87-S)B-X03`[
M02!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY+#(P
CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XX+#8X.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


T1T;W`^



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

C4\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A




M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#`P
#`P(#%P

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

3
L

#LF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XQ
BPY

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO


M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


F(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D




#LF
M(WA!

#L\+W`^



M

M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-L87-S($(@
M0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8N.38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO



M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0N-C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S



M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



T0Q




S4L

C`Q-P@,3`P+#`P
M,!S:&%R97


F
M(WA!

30L



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T




M=71I=F4@;V8@*#$I)B-X03`[=&AE('1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K#0H@;65T:&]D



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M:#TS1#8P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M
#`P

T0Q
M


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


M9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C8T+#`R-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Q-CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-

M1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N
M(%-T;V-K/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

C8L
C`W

M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDP+#(U,SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$
M15(M0T]



M1#`^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





#LF(WA!
#L\

M(WA!


B!A;&EG;CTS

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D504SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
#X\8CXH:6X@=&AO=7-A

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0W+#@T-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96TG/@T*($-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L
#(U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#$T.R!D:6QU=&5D/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8Y+#DQ
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ
M,RPU,#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4N,3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M1#8P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#`P
M

T0Q


M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


M

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




M13H@


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P
M+#`P.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\

#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M9VX]


\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M
#LF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\

3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N(%-T
M;V-K/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[





M
#LF(WA!

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M92`F(W@R
#$T.R!D:6QU=&5D/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4X+#DT.#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,RPT,S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C0N,SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G



M
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P






@

F(WA!






M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T)SX-B!7
M96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

3$L
M


F(WA!
M



PP,#`@86YD(#8P+#`P
M,!S:&%R97

F(WA!



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR-RP@

#$S#0H@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
M
CDL(#(P





M92!S=&]C:PT*(&]P=&EO;G


#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]P







3(@36]N=&AS





M4TE:13H@



M;G0@;65D:6-A;`T*('!L86XL(&YE=!O9B!T87@@969F96-T+B!#:&%N9V5S
M(&EN(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4-B!L;W-S(')E


@;V8@;F5T('!E

N(%1H90T*(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!D
M971A:6QS('1H92!C:&%N9V5S(&EN(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R#0H@8V]M


#$T+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
M
C`Q


3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

T0W-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1C96YT97(^/&(^06-C=6UU;&%T960F
M(WA!

M

3!P


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@X,S@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R


M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


3`X/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M9VX]



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H



M;&4]

@;V8@*0R-C$I/]P/@T*




T1B;W1T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Y/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`\8CY86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V(^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!$


T1B;W1T;VT@



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].

M



S=C
M9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


]



M
T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%N9!1=6%L:69Y:6YG($%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-




M13H@

T0P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^/]T9#X-





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT
M97(^/&(^3F5T)B-X03`[4')O=FES:6]N/&)R(\^#0H@*%)E8V]V97)Y*3PO
M8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^06UO


#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4F(WA!

#L\

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



I/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,38\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
C4\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

S4\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P
3(\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



05!313H@8V]L


M('=I9'1H/3-$-#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


T1B



P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


#LF
M(WA!
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R/CQB/D%M;W5N='

M;3XF(WA!

B!A;&EG

M


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]



1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R.PP
M-#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/BDF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#`P-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C(S+#$S
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
M+#8P
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Y+#0Y
M-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#
Q-3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4F
M(WA!

#L\+W1D



M8CY.970F(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!






P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^


M9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8Q
M-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



S`\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V+#0Q.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



#$S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

2PP-S(\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#LF(WA!
M

$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8Q-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L-#`U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M:#TS1#0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M34E
63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


#LF(WA!
M
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/CQB/D%M;W5N='

M(WA!


B!A;&EG;CTS

#MO


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XQ+#@U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M
RPU

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M
#LF(WA!

M13H@


M
#$R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

BPP
3D\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

RPQ-S0\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

L
S
T/]T9#X-B`\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#@U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
M
5\T.&-C




CX\



]
T1T:#Y$96





M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\8CY2+B!3

T0G;6%R9VEN


3!P=#L@



@


@9F]R







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C
C=E.&4V9&$O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


30\


M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!T)SX-B`\8CY3+B!1=6%R=&5R;'D@4F5S

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@







T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



T0Q


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


M(WA!







P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LR-RP\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$T/&)R(\^#0H@*#$S)B-X03`[
M=V5E:W
I/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#$T/&)R(\^#0H@*#$S)B-X
M03`[=V5E:W,I/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M



M8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[



#$T/&)R(\^#0H@*#$S)B-X03`[
M=V5E:W,I/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\




3

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB

3

#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR.2P\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$S/&)R(\^#0H@*#$S)B-X
M03`[=V5E:W
I/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


3





M13H@



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#(R.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#LF(WA!
M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M-C


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XR-CDL-S
T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
S$L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.#
L.#0U/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
#4L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XR
38L-#$T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.#$L
S
R

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
S4L.3
R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP
!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-#(L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

$$P

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C$P-PV,C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY-RPQ
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

M.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XV



M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S+#
Y
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XR.2PQ,C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
R+#`T.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^

M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*($YE=!I;F-O;64\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

3DL


#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-RPY
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(U+#0R.#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XQ.2PW,34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L

3!P=#L@1D].

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N-#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C(N.3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N.34\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N-#`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N-3,\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-30\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+C0P/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP+C8R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+C

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+C@Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+C0U

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP+C4Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?
M-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F
M8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\




]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(W+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



'!T.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;W1T;VTZ












@:&%V92!B965N


M/E-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

3AP=#L@;6%R



M97



M;&4]



@









]



T0G


M





M8FEL:71I97




M



@4F5C


M5&EM97

@8F%S960@;VX@:&ES

M8V5I=F%B;&4@8F%L86YC97
-B!C;VUB:6YE9!W:71H(&UA;F%G96UE;G0F
M(W@R
#$Y.W
@97-T:6UA=&4@;V8@9G5T=7)E('!O=&5N=&EA;`T*(')E8V]V


M



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS(&]F($-R961I=!2:7-K/]T9#X-

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=6)J96-T('1H92!#;VUP86YY('1O#0H@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
@;V8@8W)E



#(P,3D[<R!C87-H(&%N
M9!C87-H#0H@97%U:79A;&5N='


'!T










#$T(&%N
M9`T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P
3






]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-


L(&%C8V]U

$$P.S(W+`R,#$T(&%N9!$96-E

@


#%#.T9!4T(F(W@R
#%$
M.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'

M=7)E;65N='


40[*2X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5L:65V97




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S


]





3!P=#L@9F]N


@;W(@17AP:7)E9`T*($EN=F5N
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z-G!T
M.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[(&9O;G0M9F%M


@86YD(&9I;FES:&5D
M#0H@9V]O9'

L('=H:6-H('!R:6YC:7!A;&QY(&-O











M='
@87

@;6%Y(')E




@

M;'DZ5&EM97







M;65N='
@97AC965D(&UA;F%G96UE;G0F(W@R
#$Y.W




]
T1T97AT/CQD

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)



M+!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT(&%R92!S=&%T960@870@8V]S=X@17AP96YD:71U





C`Q.3MS(&5Q


M;&EV97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

T0U
M
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=VED=&@]




'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1T;W`^
M





T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/DQE87-E:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)U:6QD:6YG(&%N9!B
M=6EL9&EN9R!I;7!R;W9E;65N='
\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C$U('1O(#(P('EE87)S+!O




]

M86QL971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0



@


M92!#;VUP86YY)B-X



@82!R969U;F1A8FQE

M86YY)B-X








@



M92!P:'ES:6-A;!C;W5N=!O9B!K96=S(&%N9!P86QL971S(&AE;&0-B!B



M96YT(&%N9!C=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%S(&]F('1H90T*(&1A=&4@
M;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S+B!4:&4@86-T=6%L(&QI86)I


!M:6QL:6]N+`D
2XX
M(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD#0H@)#$N.!M:6QL:6]N+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($9O





M








@3F5W(%)O

N




M:6X@0VEN8VEN;F%T:2P@3VAI;R`H=&AE#0H@)B-X
C`Q0SM#:6YC:6YN871I




M;&EF;W)N:6$@0G)E=VEN9R!#;VUP86YY+!);F,N+!D+V(O82!!;F=E;`T*




M97


M9B!I='







M971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-


@:&ES=&]R:6-A;&QY(&5X

M





@








M;&EV960@87-S971S#0H@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG.B`H
2DF(WA!
M



#(P

2!T:&4@





M

30@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P
3


M


3AP=#L@;6%R






2!A<'!R;V%C


@;V8-B!E=F5N=',@=&AA=!H879E


@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@

C`Q.3MS#0H@



F%T:6]N(&]F(&1E9F5R<F5D



M=&EO;G
N(%1H90T*($-O;7!A;GD@:7






@

@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H('1H870@






T0G;6%R9VEN+71O


3!P=#L@9F]N





@



@:71S(&5X8VES92!T






@=&AE(&1I







@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR-RP@
2!H87
@9&5F
M97)R960@)#8N











M97-T86)L:7-H97

M;W)I8V%L(')E='5R;G


N(%-T



]


3AP=#L@;6%R9VEN



@4V]L9#PO:3X\






M8V]S='







M93HQ





@:6X@=&AE#0H@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG(&-O

M-3`N




'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\8CX\




M96YS97


L('-A


M96YT#0H@97AP96YS97




3`P+C4F(WA!
#MM:6QL:6]N+`D.#$N,!M
M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D-S@N,PT*(&UI;&QI;VX@=V5R92!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!A


C`Q
R!A;F0@
M
C`Q






M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



M;GD@;6%K97



@





@




#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


3D[






M97

M=V5D(&%N9!P86ED(&AA=F4-B!H:7-T;W)I8V%L;'D@8F5E;B!I;B!L:6YE



T0G;6%R9VEN+71O



M;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W



@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H97-E('!R;V=R86US
M(&EN#0H@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@=V5R92`D
M
C


#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R

M='
@:6X@=&AE('1O=&%L(&%M;W5N=!O9@T*(0Q.XW(&UI;&QI;VXL(0Q
M

L#0H@









'!T









]


C`Q


#%#.T%30R`W
3@F(W@R
#%$.RDL('=H:6-H







T0G;6%R


@




M:7(@=F%L=64@8F%S960@;VX-B!T:&4@;6]S=!L:6ME;'D@;W5T8V]M92X@




M9VX]









'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\8CX\












]




M

M8V5N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S/]I/CPO8CX\+W`^#0H@


'!T

3!P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SX-B!);B!-87D@
C`Q-P@=&AE($9I;F%N8VEA;!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%-T



4

M





M8V4N(%1H:7
@=7!D871E('1O#0H@05-#(#8P-B!S:&]U;&0@8F4@87!P;&EE












M:6-I97


]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


@;V8@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

T0U
24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

T1T;W`^
R!T;R`U('EE

M9VX]



T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E
M:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)U:6QD:6YG(&%N9!B=6EL9&EN9R!I
M;7!R;W9E;65N='
\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M86EN:6YG('5S969U;!L:69E(&]F#0H@=&AE(&)U:6QD:6YG+!W:&EC:&5V
M97(@:7







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M

]








'!X

M0T]



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M
T0V-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\8CXH:6X-B!T:&]U

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#LS.2PU,S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.S,U+#$Q-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT<B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PW.3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV
PV
M-38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V+#0Q
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

T1T;W`^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B




W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR
M7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V
R-V4X939D82]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R-RP@


]


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&@]
T0V-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

63H@5&EM97
@

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB
M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR
M.P\8G(@+SX-B`R


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!






$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L
SDR/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M
#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C$L


#LF(WA!


M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


30[)B-X03`[96YV:7)O

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4P-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XY.#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*($]T:&5R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
M


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

T1T;W`^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

3(L.#@W

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY+#8P-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
#`P
#`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V
R


]
M

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]




3)P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM

T0W-B4@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


M.C$N
#!P=!S;VQI9`C
#`P


30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#LF(WA!
#L\

#LR.P\8G(@+SX-B`R

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$



@3F5W(%)O






T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
U.PW.#$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(U.2PV-C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T
M<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW
M
BPQ

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C



M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M

3!P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SX-B!
86YD/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

C
L

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^


M



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XT-PR,S0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


@3F5W






T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#`V
SPO=&0^#0H@
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-PU.#$\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]




\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!





#`P
#`P)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

2XP


P
#`P

T1B


M(S`P
#`P




T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4U
RPY-SD\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M

M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C$T
RPQ

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M

#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


P
#`P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0G/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^/]T9#X-

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

C8V+#4U.#PO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
#`P


M
#`P

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P

M86QI9VX]



M(WA!


M
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V







]



M



@=&\@0V%R


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q



#$T


3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T)SX-

3$%0

T0P

M/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
3

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M/&)R(\^#0H@,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#8X
SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


T1N;W=R
M87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO









]
T1T:#Y$96


@




M

T0P/@T*


#LF
M(WA!

C`Q
M-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^*&EN


T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.2PV-C4\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Y+#0U
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C$T+#4R.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XQ-PW-S

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L
M


#LF(WA!


#LF(WA!
M



#LF(WA!
#L\

C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%C8W)U960@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M-PY.#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].

M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
M+#$X-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\


M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^
BPY

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%C8W)U960@

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX
C@\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C(L-#(R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M
#LF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!4


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L
C
P/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

T1T;W`^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XV.2PY


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M4&%R=%]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T


]



M



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M;F5N='


3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

T0V-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


#L\+W1D



M8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E



M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M13H@


1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XR-RPY,#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*(%-T871E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M-BPW
C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M


#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XS
PX,3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($9E9&5R86P\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
M-2PT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

3$L
3$V/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M



1494.B`S96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#LF
M(WA!

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M86P@9&5F97)R960\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-2PY.30\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C(L
3


#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-BPP-3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\








M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q


M9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-2XP/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


#L\

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-2XP/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T1T;W`^#0H@


M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($1E9'5C=&EO;B!R96QA=&EN9R!T;R!5
M+E

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R





#LF(WA!
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,XY/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,XW/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1T


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

2XU

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
<^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C

T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
W+C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



#L\+W1D




#L\





]


]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@


M(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@9&5F97)R960@





M/3-$-C4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M8G(@+SX-B`R,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

M.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M;&4]

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C0L-3


#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L
M


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M86QI9VX]



M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-RPX-#

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PP-#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

#`P

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


M=!O9B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T;VT^


SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X


T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V

T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T
2PV
S$\



M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]





#`P


M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T
BPP

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,C8L-C@R/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#`P


P
#`P
#`@
M


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



M
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X

M:6QI871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!A;F0@96YD:6YG(&%M;W5N=!O
M9B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960-B!T87@@8F5N969I='
@:7
@87


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3


@3F5W(%)O

M=VED=&@]
T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M.B`G5&EM97

M(WA!


B!A;&EG

#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M*#`L

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LV
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I

C8S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
M
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X





#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M97

#LF(WA!
M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M



7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($)A;&%N8V4@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+W`^#0H@/]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV,3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$










3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`R-RP@

]


]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@


@=6YD


M.B`Q


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A;&EG


M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M;&4]


C`Q.TR,#$Y/]F
M;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^
M/&(^5&AE<F5A9G1E<CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4S+#8R,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,2PP-#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


30[)B-X03`[


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C
P+#`R
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!

T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT
M<B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR.PR
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LF(WA!
#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*($5Q=6EP;65N=!A;F0@;6%C:&EN97)Y/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

C8L


#LF(WA!


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]



M



T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L

3!P=#L@1D].

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW+#(U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#(V,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#(P
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]T:&5R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

RPT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X





T0G



M
#`P
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR-2PR.34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L.#8Q/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW.#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869C93
W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W

O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]



M




]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M




M(WA!

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M.B`C
#`P

M



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L

T1C96YT97(^/&(^3&5V96PF(WA!
#LR/]B/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S;VQI

M

3!P


Z
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M13H@


1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!#87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8X+#@T-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

#L\+W`^

M63H@5&EM97

M:#TS1#8R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M34E
63H@5&EM97

#`P
#`P


C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L

3!P=#L@1D].
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,PR
M


T1T

@;F]T(')E8V]R9&5D




M.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


30[)B-X


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
3
\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Q,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM5$]0


M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M




M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T1C96YT97(^/&(^3&5V96PF(WA!
M
#LR/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
M

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@



M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X




#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X
M9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5-0T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

M


#$T/&)R




]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




G!T

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8T.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#$T-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@





]




M4TE:13H@

M87-E('!R:6-E(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@*&EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3H\+W`^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


T0V.4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#8E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L

3!P=#L@1D].



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P
3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#$V
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W





M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5-0T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

I

]
T1T:#Y$96

M87)Y(&]F(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G
@=6YD97(@17%U:71Y(%!L86X@86YD($YO


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



M960@87

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@

M=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!





M86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8W.2PX
S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4P+C$T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($=R86YT960\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,RPW.#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%

M9VX]

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XX-RXP.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M
#`P
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9#XF(WA!

M13H@


1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!$96-E

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-2XS-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XT+C$Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS

#LF
M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*($5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[

M
30\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XU,XW-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS+C8Y/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

#L\+W`^



M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-2XR.#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+C$P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
C`L
M


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@






M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D


#LF(WA!
M

#`P
M

T0R(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
#LF(WA!


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/3-$


M


T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C
L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#0U
M
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^





M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L
C8T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW+#
Q.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD

M

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


@:6YC

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#
W.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M
2PT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8T-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


P
#`P
#`@



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
M
#`@

]

M(&]F(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G

M(&]P=&EO;G


#L\+W`^#0H@




M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$

#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
S
N.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

2XX-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+C@F(WA!
M

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D

M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M;G


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XP+C`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^



M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!T)SX-B!4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A




T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0V.4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\
M='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96TG/@T*(#(P
38\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

C`Q-SPO

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L
#0Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX-B`R,#$X/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P,3D\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96TG/@T*(%1H97)E869T97(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,3@\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P(#%P
!S


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\

3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^




M.B`C
#`P

M9#XF(WA!








M97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97



G!T.VUA



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I


M1#8Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D



P
#`P
#`G/CQB/DYU;6)E

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

P
#`P



M+3$N

M
#$S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV-RXS-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D



M;F1E;G0Z+3$N

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ.3(N-CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@


M97





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S.PS,CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/BDF(WA!
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-PX-3`\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/BDF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X



#`P
M
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

2XP

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M+`R,#$T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XQ,38N,#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



7!X.SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R


P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


M13H@






3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@*&EN)B-X03`[=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@




Q+`R,#$Q/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

C`Q

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

3@L
#0W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M9VX]







'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.

C`Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C$Y-2PW
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

CDL-3@U

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


C`Q
SPO

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P+#@Y
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

CDY+#4R.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M

T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Y+#0W-#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW+#@U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L







M13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XQ

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C
M




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M

]

3DY(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;B!A;F0@4F5T


M)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM

T0G1D].


T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DQO8V%L(#$Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


#L\+W1D




30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

C`Q

#$T
M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,30@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^*&EN
M('1H;W5S86YD<RD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

BPT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L
C(W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T



M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!96YE

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LF(WA!
<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q+#8Y
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V-C(\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P(#-P

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


M
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S


M

3DY(%!L86XF(W@R
#$Y.W




M/3-$

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z0T]
3$%04T4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

T0V-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
38E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P
#L@=VED=&@Z-3$N-S5P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-





M86QI9VX]



#`P

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

3!P=#L@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!





T1B;W1T;VT^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C

#LF
M(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

2XP

M


M:60@(S`P
#`P


M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


'!T)SX-


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B4F(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P
#PO=&0^

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
M

T1B;W1T;VT^


#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?
M8CAF
5\T.&-C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]

M


#$T/&)R



@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&


T0X
M-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-34E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR
M-RP\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

B!A;&EG

3
\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

C`Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L

3!P=#L@1D].

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XW
PS.3(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M
#`P

M(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T



M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@



1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XT,PP

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-L
M87-S($(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

C8L
C`W

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.PY,3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C4Q
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-#4\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
!S;VQI

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Y+#0V-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

F(WA!
#M!

T1B;W1T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDL

#LF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT+#`R-3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#$P-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T1T;W`^


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XY
M,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ



M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

T1T;W`^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,RPP-#$\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C$R+#DQ-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M13H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8N.38\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0N

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

@0B!#
M;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#`P


P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M
#`P

M(WA!


3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M97)S:6]N(&]F(#$S-2PP


#`L
#`P

M)B-X03`[-RP@
C`Q-!A;F0@,3$P+#`P,!S:&%R97




M16%R;FEN9W

M3TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!T)SX-B!4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


T0X-4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


M)B-X03`[

30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L

T1C96YT97(^/&(^16%R;FEN9W
@=&\\8G(@+SX-

\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M
#LF(WA!



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDL

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+CDV/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!!9&0Z(&5F9F5C=!O9B!D:6QU=&EV92!P;W1E

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M

@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



#LF(WA!
#L\

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D




3D\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1T



30[(&1I;'5T960\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

C4S/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M#0H@)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$





#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M9VX]

L(&5X


M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


C`Q-#L@8F%S:6

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#LF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XR
BPP
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M



M.B`C
#`P


#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



30[(&1I;'5T960\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M:6YG/3-$

T1C
M96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T


6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14


M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]



#L\+W1D

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97






T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M


C`Q
M-#L@8F%S:6
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


M
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M9VX]

$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.PY,3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



#LF(WA!
#L\


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[




M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M4F]M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S+#0S-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
M
5\T.&-C




CX\


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`R-RP@

]


M971A:6QS('1H92!C:&%N9V5S(&EN(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R#0H@8V]M


#$T+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
M
C`Q


3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

T0W-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1C96YT97(^/&(^06-C=6UU;&%T960F
M(WA!

M

3!P


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@X,S@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R


M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


3`X/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M9VX]



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H



M;&4]

@;V8@*0R-C$I/]P/@T*




T1B;W1T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Y/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`\8CY86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V(^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!$


T1B;W1T;VT@



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].

M



S=C
M9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C

M;G1E;G0]


M




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R-RP@

]
T1P

]
T1T97AT

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4








M8VQU9&5D(&EN(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

T1N;W=R87`^

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB
M/D)A;&%N8V4F(WA!

M(\^#0H@4&5R:6]D/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!


B!A;&EG;CTS


#L\+W1D





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`X

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C

#LF(WA!
#L\



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T1T;W`^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

C`Q
M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8V/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(WA!

3!P=#L@



MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0T,B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



B!A;&EG;CTS

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^3F5T)B-X03`[4')O=FES:6]N/&)R(\^
M#0H@*%)E8V]V97)Y*3PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M

#M!9V%I

M
#`P

T0R
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4F(WA!


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-

T1B

M9'


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\

3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P,30\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L

#LF
M(WA!

M


1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


#$R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^
BPQ
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M


#LF(WA!







M3E0M4TE:13H@

M97(]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
2D\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T



#$T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+#$S
#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

2PS
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96TG/@T*(#(P
3
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#@X
M-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-PS-#`\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-C$V/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

3!P


#$R/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

2PW-S
\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

BPT
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

L
3`V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



05!313H@8V]L


M('=I9'1H/3-$-#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


T1B

M8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^3F5T)B-X03`[4')O=FES:6]N/&)R(\^#0H@
M*%)E8V]V97)Y*3PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C

#M!9V%I;G-T

#`P
M

T0R(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4F(WA!

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1B;W1T

I

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@

3!P=#L@

T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-PY

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4

C`Q

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L.#4Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/B@S+#4S-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M

M(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#`Q
M.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
RPS
S0\+W1D


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L.#4Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\


&-?-#8Y
M
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V






]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^




]






#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE


4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C@E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


M;F1E9#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3
F(WA!


M

3
F(WA!


M(WA!

I/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

30\8G(@

#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[


C`Q
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

3
\

#`P
M

T0R(&%L




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S


M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
#4T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XY-#
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*
M($YE=!R979E;G5E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!



#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(V.2PW,S0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C(S,2PV,3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$X
M,RPX-#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P-2PS-S4\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Q-BPT,30\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C$X,2PS,S(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S-2PY
M,S(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
#`P(#%P
!S

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

#`P
#`P(#%P

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


#`P
M
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#L\

3!P=#L@


M:70\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

3(S
M+#`Y-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XY,PU
3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

3`T+#8R.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDW+#$S
CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV-RPW.#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M(WA!

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M='1O;3XF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T



M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8P+#8T-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XT,PT.3
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

3
L

M
#LF(WA!

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XT
BPR
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

S(L
#0X

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!



M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ
M.2PP-S0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C,W+#DR-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR-2PV.#8\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





T0G



#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S



#`P
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M:'0^
2XT
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

BXP
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

2XU
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P

#L\

P
M
#`P
#`@


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C$N-#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(N-SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C$N.#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-C(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C$N,S,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N.#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N-#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-3$\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
#`P(#-P

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S



#`P
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869C93
W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE


M;G0]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`R-RP@

]




M=&%T:6]N(%M





W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE
M-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
M
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C







M
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'








]






]

]
T1P


]






]
T1N=6T^


]






M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#@P








M;G5M/B@Q+#@P






@


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#DP




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#DP


#`L







]


]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#
P

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
PU,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S

]
T1N=6UP

P


]

\+W1D/@T*


C`W+#DS


]

]
T1P







]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#`P+#`P


]
T1T97AT


T1T

]


]










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




P


]









]


]

]
T1P



M




]


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#DP
M


#`L



]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#4P



]




]
T1N=6UP/C8L
S`P+#`P


T1T;W`^4')I;W(@=&\@1&5C
M96UB97(@


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]








]


]

]
M

]


]




]

]


#`L
M




M9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R-RP@


]






]






M9VX]



]


]








]

]
T1T

]



M9VX]




]



]



T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D






]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17-T:6UA
M=&5D('5S969U;!L:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#XR

M86QI9VX]






M9R!);7!R;W9E;65N='


T1T

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U;!L:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ-2!T;R`R












M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F-E,S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF,5\T
M.&-C,C=E.&4V9&$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869C
M93

O
M4VAE970T-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS


]
T1T:#Y$96
N

M8RX@
C@L(#(P
3






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S4L
M






]
T1R974^#0H@



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#0Q

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#(U.2D\


M
2PS







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C
C=E.&4V9&$O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@86YD



C`Q
M

M

C4L
M(#(P




]
T1R;SX-





]



]








]
M


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L









T1T;W`^3W1H97(\

]
T1N=6UP/C
L




]

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869C93
W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE

O4VAE970T.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]
2P@4&QA
M;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N=`H1&5T86EL*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN(%1H;W5S


#$T/&)R/CPO

]

]
T1R;SX-



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C8P+#
U



]

C

C
L






]

]



]
T1R93X-




]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(W+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]


]




M9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@97AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

#`L






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

#`P/'-P

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869C93
W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X

O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]









]


T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG($)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]







]



C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\
















]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
M






@86YD('5S92!T87@\


]
M



]

M86QI9VX]




]

BPT



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1N=6UP/C8X


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C`P/'-P

M;F-O;64@=&%X97

]
T1N=6UP/C(R

]
T1T97AT

]



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S0L-3


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C
C=E.&4V9&$O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]


]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34P+#`P




]

M87)I86)L92!R871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


]
T1T

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N





M












C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@,C@L
M(`R

]
M

]

]



]
T1R




]



T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@9G5N9&5D(&1E8G0@=&\@14))5$1!(')A=&EO/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9G5N9&5D(&1E8G0@=&\@
M14))5$1!+!M87AI;75M(&%L;&]W86)L92!R871I;SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]




]
T1N=6UP/C8R


]






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^









3
L
#`P






3
L




]
M

]


#`\


M.#0L



]



]



]



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]











96%S92!/8FQI9V%T


]


]

]
T1P

]







]
M

]
M

]

M871I;VYS(%M







RXR-24\




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]
T1R:#X-

]
M

]
M

]

M871I;VYS(%M










]


]
T1T97AT/C$P('EE87)S/'-P86X^



S=C9E]B
M-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


@*$1E=&%I




C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R







T1T;W`^4W1A=&4\



]
T1N
M=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#DQ


]

]


]


]

34L-#`W/'-P86X^

3$L
3$V

M







]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
3


]



V+#`U



'0O:'1M



]


C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


S4N

S4N

S4N
#`E/'-P

M=&%T92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97

]
T1N=6UP/C0N



]

]

]


]
T1N=6T^*#`N-S`E*3QS

]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N.#`E/'-P

2XU
M






&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q
M7S0X8V






]





]
T1T:#Y$
M96

M/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
3



]



]




]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M

]




M;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`T.2D\

M+#`U


]

M871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]





]
T1N=6T^*#0Q+#8S



M96YS97

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
M

]

]
T1N=6T^



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V,BPX,S(I/'-P86X^/]S



]

]

W8V9?8C4P8U\T
M-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V
R-V4X939D82]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5!
T%'/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S







]
T1T:#Y$96
N

M8RX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]











]


#`\

M
#`L





]


#`\

M
#`L






#`L
#`P

M



]

C$L
S(Q+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#
R
2PP
#`\


]

]









]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^







]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]



M)W



]








]





]









:6YE($ET96US73PO


]


]



&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q
M7S0X8V






]



R!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q-#QB

#$T

M
C`Q

]






]






T1T;W`^1&5C




M96QA=&5D('1O('-E='1L96UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@Q








]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8X/'-P


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T
M.&-C

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'



C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^

C4L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]


















]
T1N=6UP/C
L
C`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M
#`P+#`P

]
M


M9VX]



]


]


]


]



]

]


]
T1R


]




#`L









M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6UP/CDU+C`P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]













]


]



T1T;W`^36%C


]


]


]

]
T1P


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]

]
M



]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
P


]











]
M

S`P+#`P












#`L










M0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]
T1N=6UP/C4S+#8R
RPP










]


]


]


]










]


]


]


]











BPP-3@L


\+W1D

]


]


]


]









]


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@0V]M;6ET;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]


]













M
RPT
C0L















@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@1&ES


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#(P

]
T1R:#X-

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

M;&]S=7)E(%M








2PU
#`L









@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPR-3DL

S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
M
5\T.&-C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q

@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D




T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT





]
T1N=6UP/C$T


]

38M


#$X+3(P


]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




C8L




]

]



]



RPV
C


]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#@Q-#QS

]

C`Q-BTR










T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT



C




]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`R


]

]




C@L



]

M(#(P
38M






]






96%S97
\


;VYG

]





M;7`^
BPR-C



RPR
#(\


2PP




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@
M0V]M;6ET;65N='


T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT












]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#
\

M-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V






]

T1)1#!%0TI!


30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C@L.#0V

M)`U,PR



3PO=&0^#0H@




]








M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5#2D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(W+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C@L(#(P
3


M(%M


]


]


]


T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA8FQE



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869C93
W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W

O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@


M


]













]


]



]


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C
C=E.&4V9&$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P

C`Q



]












T1T;W`^5')A9&4@;F%M93PO=&0^



]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L-C@S/'-P86X^

2PQ-#4\



BPY
#



]









]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P



]

]


]




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S


]


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C
M9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C




M97%U:78]


]






M/3-$




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R-RP@

#`X/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@





]


]


]


]






]


]


]

]

M:7-S=6%N8V4@86YD(&]P=&EO;G


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]




]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@9&EV:61E;F1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]





M=&EO;G


#`L

BPP
#`L




]
M
T1N=6UP/C$R+#4P

#`L




2PX
C
L




3$L.#(S+#`P


]





]

@
R!M;VYT:'
@
3@@9&%Y

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


C4L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


T1T;W`^4F5P=7)C:&%S960@





]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#8Y-BPW
M




T1T;W`^4F5P=7)C:&%S960@=F%L=64@;V8@


]
M
T1N=6UP/C




]
T1N=6UP/C
P-RPS




M1&YU;7`^
C4Q+#@Y-BPP






















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C8L









]


]


]


]



]



]


]


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
















]


]


]


]

]
M



]


]


]


]


]



]











3`X+#4W


]


T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4M0F%S960@










]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#`Q+#`P





M87)D(%M




#
L


]
T1N=6UP/C8P

@9W)A;G1E


]



]


]



T1T;W`^0VAI968@17AE8W5T:79E

]
















L





]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]


]



]

]
M

]


#`\

M+#`P






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@








]






]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]


]


]


]








]



]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]
T1T








M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G

]







]
T1R:#X-

]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]







]




























]





















]


]









M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P


]


]



T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y

]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T

]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^5F5S=&EN9R!P

]

\








]
T1T97AT







]


]


]


]



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]









]










]



]


]


]


]




T1T;W`^16UP



M87)D(%M















]


]


]


]



]



]


]


]


]



]
















M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T












]


]


]


]


]


]



]











]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N












]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

























]




M;WEE97
@96QE8W1E9!T;R!P=7)C:&%S93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C








]












]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!!=V%R9'
@?!3=6)S97%U96YT($5V
M96YT('P@5F5S=&EN9R!38V5N87)I;R!/;F4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]


]


]



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]


]


]


]










]









S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?
M8CAF
5\T.&-C

T0G=&5X




3(@36]N=&AS




]


]



]

3





]


]



]



M




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S
Q+#(Y



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`N
M



]




]


M86QI9VX]



]


]
T1P

]





M9VX]



]

M:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT('EE87)S(#$@


@5F%L


T1T;W`^




M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869C93
W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC

O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



@;W1H


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
















]


3`P/'-P86X^

2PS-S@\

M+#0P


M9VX]

]
M

















]


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPU


W8V9?8C4P8U\T
M-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V
R-V4X939D82]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5'3D%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


@


C`Q

#$R/&)R/E1I;65S/&)R








]




M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N


]






W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC
M8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F8V4S
M-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5/1D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@








T1T;W`^/'-T

]


]


T1T;W`^
C`Q-CPO=&0^

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L


#$X/]T9#X-B`@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@




2PX
C


&-?-#8Y
E]B
M.&8Q7S0X8V






]

T1)1#!%




]
T1T:#Y$96


\


T1T;W`^3F]N



]

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S.PS








]
M



RXX



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D/]T


T1T;W`^3F]N+79E








]


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X

M
CDL(#(P







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



M

]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#@Y










]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`W+#


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
C8Y+#DT





]
M


M
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S
























]




M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G

M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G


]



T1T;W`^07-S



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



@5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:R!;3&EN

]
T1T


M













M/3-$=&]P/E-E8W5R:71I97

]



T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I
M97


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C@N
#`E/'-P86X^





]

M86QI9VX]

@86YD

@5&%B;&4@5&5X


]


T1T;W`^07-S=6UE9!A=F5R86=E(&%N;G5A;!R971U



M92!497AT($)L;V-K(%M










]


]

]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



T1T;W`^16QI9VEB:6QI='D@=&EM
M:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y%;&EG:6)L92!T













]



]



]



#`P(&]F('1H92!E;&EG:6)L92!P









]


T1T;W`^3F]N+55N:6]N(%!L86YS('P@0F]S=&]N





M;V-K(%M























M;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



@5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:R!;3&EN

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^16QI9VEB:6QI='D@=&EM:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


@($QO8V%L(%5N:6]N($YO
M+B`Q



M:6)U=&EO;G




]



]

#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C$P




M:6]N(%!L86YS('P@4F5T:7)E92!-961I8V%L(%!L86X@?!-:6YI;75M/]T




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1R93X-


]


T1T;W`^56YI;VX@4&QA;G

R
!M96UB97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]


]


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&EM92!R97%U:7)E9!F;W(@96QI9VEB:6QI

]
M

]
T1T97AT/C$P('EE87)S/'-P86X^





]









]
T1T97AT/C(P('EE87)S





]




]













@=7!O;B`@8V]M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
M
5\T.&-C

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J







]














]


2PV


]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4F5T:7)E92!-961I8V%L(%!L86X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]



M;G

@5&%B


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T



]
T1P



&-?-#8Y
E]B
M.&8Q7S0X8V






]





M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q



]




#`N





]

]









]


]
T1R;SX-

M;G

]
T1N=6UP/C
U+C`P



]




]
T1T:#Y$96

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R.P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]


]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^


W+#DR-CQS



]
M

]

]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T

]


T1T;W`^06QL;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!N970@:6YC;VUE


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]












M;W(@8F%S:6


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]















]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T


T1T;W`^3F5T($EN8V]M
M92!097(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XU
SQS


]

]
T1F;CX\








M92!F;W(@8F%S:6
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L









#D\



]


]


]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
C`R/'-P86X^





M

Z



]
M



]

]


]


]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^06QL;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!N


]


]


]


]






]

]

@9F]R












M;7`^





]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F5T($EN8V]M92!097(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@













M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN($-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(')E

3
U+#`P



3`L


BUW965K



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC8S(W93AE-F1A#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F8V4S-V-F7V(U
&-?-#8Y
E]B
M.&8Q7S0X8V




^


M1$E$








M=BX@
#0L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^

M/D9E8BX@
3@L(#(P


@4&5R(%-H87)E+!87-I8RP@8GD@


]
T1T


M



]
T1N=6UP/C$S-2PP


&-?-#8Y
E]B
M.&8Q7S0X8V






]



M4&5R(%-H87)E(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!E



]


]
T1T

M1'1H/DIU;BX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`R.2P@


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^07











]
T1N

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(T@






]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XU


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N

]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T



]
M


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]



@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#`S-3QS


M










]
T1N=6UP/C(V/'-P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M3F5T(&EN8V]M92!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(T@9&EL=71E9#PO=&0^#0H@










]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3@L



]



]







M($(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




















M


RPU


RPT


]


]


]


]


]


]



;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C
C=E



]


]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^

]
T1T

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R-RP@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]
















]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP


]













]


]


]


]


]


]





]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]















T1T;W`^06YT:61I;'5T:79E
M('-E8W5R:71I97
@97AC;'5D960@9G)O;2!C;VUP=71A=&EO;B!O9B!E87)N

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P


]













M(%M









S`L
M

M;7`^-#`L




@;F]T(&UE












M
&-?-#8Y
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V







]


;W-S*2`H1&5T86EL*2`H55-$

]

]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL
M(#(P



I(%M









]
M



]


]


]



]




M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869C93
W8V9?8C4P8U\T-CDR7V(X9C%?-#AC

O4VAE970X


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04

M=&AE=&EC86PI(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U



]
T1T:#Y$96

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]


]
T1R





M;F5F:70@8V]S='


M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#

S

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C
C=E






^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@

30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@








]
T1R;SX-


M86QI9VX]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
S$U/'-P86X^

BPQ
#8\




C
L
3




M1&YU;3XH
C@L




]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#`V

M
BPV




]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]


2PV








]

]
T1N=6T^*#8L-#$X

]
M
T1N=6T^*#
L

]
T1P




]
M








M86QI9VX]




]
T1R

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#DX







W

O4VAE
M970X
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N
M(A$971A:6PI(A3=6)S97%U96YT($5V96YT+!686-A;G0@3&%N9!I;B!&





]




]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F-E
S=C9E]B-3!C
M7S0V.3)?8CAF
5\T.&-C



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P


C@L(#(P
30\8G(^8F)L/&)R

M
C@L(#(P
3

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^8F)L/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^8F)L/&)R

C`Q
M

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$














]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L
C(Y+#`P

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C@T
BPP


S8L





S$L-C$Q/'-P

#4L


S









3(S+#`Y

]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C




]


3
L











T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!P















]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6UP



M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3

M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970V,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@

T0B4VAE970W-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(


M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970X
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#

&-?-#8Y
7
E]B.&8Q7S0X8V
R-V4X939D82TM#0H`
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 In management&#x2019;s opinion
 the following unaudited information
 includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring
 adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the information
 for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter
 are not necessarily indicative of results for any future
 quarters.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
September&#xA0;27


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
June&#xA0;28


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
March&#xA0;29


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
December&#xA0;28


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
September&#xA0;28


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
June&#xA0;29


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
March&#xA0;30


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 


 
 


 




 Barrels sold

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income per share &#x2014; basic

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income per share &#x2014; diluted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 &#xA0;Inventories
 consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Raw Materials

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Work in process

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Finished Goods

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less portion in other long term assets

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based upon
 the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 or the term of the production
 agreement



 
 




 
 

 or the remaining useful life of
 the building



 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 5
087
$ 2
863


        
9
342
8
840


        
4
534
3
789


        
2
886
2
351


        
21
849
17
843


        
(1
049)
(1
050)


        
20
800
16
793


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
(61
057)
(41
631)


        
(1
080)
(1
264)


        
        
        


        
(62
832)
(43
475)


        
$ (42
032)
$ (26
682)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Prepaid malt and barley

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excise and other tax recievables

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Supplier rebates

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid insurance

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Grant receivable&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;environmental remediations
 (see&#xA0;Note J)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)

        

      






Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Machinery and plant equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Kegs

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Land

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Building and building improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Office equipment and furniture

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Leasehold improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less accumulated depreciation

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and certain subsidiaries (the
 &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) are engaged in the business of selling
 alcohol beverages throughout the United States and in selected
 international markets
 under the trade names &#x201C;The Boston Beer
 Company
&#x201D; &#x201C;Twisted Tea Brewing Company
&#x201D; and
 &#x201C;Angry Orchard Cider Company.&#x201D; The Company&#x2019;s
 beers and Sam
 are produced and
 sold under the trade name &#x201C;The Boston Beer Company.&#x201D;
 A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a Alchemy&#xA0;&amp; Science
 (&#x201C;A&amp;S&#x201D;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 sells beer under various trade names that is produced under its own
 license and the Company&#x2019;s licenses. In 2014
 sales from
 A&amp;S brands are less than 2% of net revenues.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 December&#xA0;28

 2013
 
 
 
 
 
 
 December&#xA0;27

 2014
 




 Goodwill
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          















        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
983
000
1
229
000
1
054
000
838
000
943
000
995
000
842
000
636
000
        
        
        


        
$ 217
817
$ 269
734
$ 231
611
$ 183
845
$ 205
375
$ 216
414
$ 181
332
$ 135
932
$ 966
478
$ 793
705
$ 628
580


        
108
400
142
996
123
096
90
519
104
628
115
379
97
132
67
783
465
011
384
922
315
210


        
32
036
60
647
40
493
13
391
29
120
42
239
32
048
9
686
146
567
113
093
95
584


        
$ 19
074
$ 37
926
$ 25
428
$ 8
315
$ 18
079
$ 25
686
$ 19
715
$ 6
912
$ 90
743
$ 70
392
$ 59
467


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic
        

 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the two-class method:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 
 
December&#xA0;29

 2012
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share data)
 




 Net Income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Allocation of net income for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted average number of shares for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Class B Common Stock*

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per share for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 resulted from the conversion of 135
000 shares to Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock on February&#xA0;18
 2014
 100
000 shares to
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock on May&#xA0;7
 2014 and 110
000 shares to
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock on November&#xA0;4
 2014
 with the
 52-week number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the



 


Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Diluted
        

 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class B Common
 Stock into Class&#xA0;A Common Stock and using the two-class method
 for unvested participating shares:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share
 data)
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&#xA0;28
 2013
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share
 data)
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&#xA0;29
 2012
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share
 data)
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit
 current borrowing capacity
        
$ 150
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit
 expiration date
        

  2019
        
        


Credit facility
 borrowing outstanding
        
        
        
        


Debt
 covenant compliance
        

 2014 and December 28
  2013.
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


EBITDA to interest expense
 minimum allowable ratio
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Total funded debt to EBITDA
 maximum allowable ratio
        
        
        
        


        
        
628
000
        
        


        
        

  2021
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Note
 Annual payments
        
77
000
        
        


        
        
513
000
        
        


        
        
513
000
        
567
000


        
        
528
000
        
584
000


        
        
70
000
        
        


        
        
726
000
        
        


Capital lease
 commencement date

  2013
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
796
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 770
000
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and describes facts and circumstances of any compliance failure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Paragraph 13
 16
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable to banks
 excluding mortgage notes
 initially due beyond one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. This element is for unclassified presentations; for classified presentations there is a separate and distinct element.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Benefit obligation
 discount rate
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Non-Union Plans | Boston Beer Company
 Four Zero One K Plan
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
 2
800
000
$ 2
400
000
        


Non-Union Plans | Boston Beer Company
 Four Zero One K Plan | Company's match for the first $1
000 of the eligible participants contribute
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
000
        
        


Non-Union Plans | Boston Beer Company
 Four Zero One K Plan | Company's match thereafter
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
 162
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Benefit obligation
 discount rate
        
        
        


Benefit obligation
 rate of compensation increase
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Retiree Medical Plan
 last years of employment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Union Plans | Samuel Adams Pennsylvania Brewery Company 
 Four Zero One K Plan
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

 if later
 attaining age 21
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Contributions by Employer
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Long Term Return On Assets
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Used to Determine Overall Expected Long Term Rate of Returns on Assets Assumption
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Employee Contribution
 Age
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually as a function of one or more factors such as age
 years of service
 or compensation. An other postretirement defined benefit plan is an arrangement that is mutually understood by an employer and its employees
 whereby an employer undertakes to provide its employees with benefits other than pensions
 after they retire in exchange for their services over a specified period of time
 upon attaining a specified age while in service
 or a combination of both. Any plan that is not a defined contribution plan is a defined benefit plan. General descriptive information about the employer's defined benefit plans
 including employee groups covered
 type of benefit formula
 type of benefits
 cost sharing arrangements
 funding policy
 types of assets held
 and significant nonbenefit liabilities
 if any. Also includes information pertaining to multiple employer plans
 which are accounted for as single-employer plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension expense includes the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss) on plan assets
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments. For defined contribution plans
 the pension expense generally equals the firm's contribution to employees' accounts (if the firm contributes) during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



















        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 76
402
$ 49
524
$ 74
463
$ 49
450


Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $144 and $160 as of December 27
 2014 and December 28
 2013
 respectively
36
860
42
001
        
        


        
51
307
56
397
        
        


        
12
887
9
606
        
        


        
21
321
1
038
        
        


        
8
685
5
712
        
        


        
207
462
164
278
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
381
569
266
558
        
        


        
12
447
9
556
        
        


        
3
683
3
683
        
        


        
605
161
444
075
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
35
576
34
424
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
74
539
69
900
        
        


        
110
170
104
377
        
        


        
50
717
32
394
        
        


Debt and capital lease obligations
 less current portion
        
        
        
        


        
7
606
4
635
        
        


        
169
021
141
990
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
224
909
173
025
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax
(1
133)
        
        
        


        
212
233
129
349
        
        


        
436
140
302
085
245
091
184
745


        
605
161
444
075
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include
 but not limited to
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Also includes the aggregate carrying amount of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          







        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
$ (1
000
000)
$ (200
000)
        
        


Decrease in gross property
 plant and equipment
(1
800
000)
(400
000)
        
        


Decrease in property
 plant and equipment related accumulated depreciation
(1
800
000)
(400
000)
        
        


        
18
200
000
17
900
000
        
        


Keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
25
900
000
18
700
000
        
        


        
3
683
000
3
683
000
        
1
145
000


Deferred Revenue
 Current
6
034
000
8
828
000
        
        


        
62
600
000
50
300
000
36
300
000
        


        
100
500
000
81
000
000
78
300
000
        


        
250
696
000
207
930
000
169
306
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
1
400
000
1
400
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
2
300
000
2
300
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
52
400
000
40
400
000
28
100
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
23
900
000
17
300
000
8
600
000
        


        
28
500
000
23
100
000
19
500
000
        


Reduction in revenue related to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
18
700
000
13
400
000
6
300
000
        


Prior to December 27
 2014
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Revenue
 Current
6
000
000
        
        
        


Prior to December 28
 2013
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Revenue
 Current
        
$ 8
400
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from the beginning balance of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization (relating to property
 plant and equipment) to the ending balance.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including security deposits
 collateral for a current or future transactions
 initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 tax benefit
$ 17
353
$ 5
282
$ 7
894


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 tax
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 170
975
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
200
000
2
700
000
2
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
507
000
980
000
        
2
600
000
700
000
        


        
        
682
000
        
2
600
000
700
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
507
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
26
378
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
300
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
300
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
19
500
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Hops
 Barley and Wheat
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
53
623
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
30
023
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
22
058
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
28
210
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
424
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
34
200
000
        
        
        
        
        


Additional Commitments | Barley
 Wheat
 and Malt | Subsequent Event
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
1
500
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 7
259
000
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable in twelve months or in the next operating cycle if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporate
 or foundation grants. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 As of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 projected cash outflows under
 purchase commitments for the remaining years under the contracts
 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Hops
 barley and wheat

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Apples and other ingredients

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Advertising

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equipment and machinery

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Glass bottles

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Operating leases

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total contractual obligations

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
25
648
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
1
380
444
1
679
835
        
1
380
444
        
        
        


        
        
$ 6
857
000
$ 7
318
000
$ 6
528
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
3
800
000
4
700
000
2
000
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
45
800
000
12
500
000
20
900
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
11
823
000
        
        
11
823
000
        
        
        


Unrecognized compensation costs
 weighted average period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
25
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
10
921
933
10
892
459
10
696
731
10
921
933
        
        
10
531
539


        
        
307
387
000
299
528
000
269
943
000
307
387
000
        
        
251
896
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
6
696
9
864
17
367
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
325
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
350
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
550
000
        
        
550
000
        
        
        


        
        
108
573
        
        
108
573
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
204
565
        
        
204
565
        
        
        


        
        
1
378
000
1
401
000
645
000
100
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
603
092
753
864
        
603
092
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
753
864
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
700
000
1
000
000
800
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options
 contractual term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
7
090
40
925
42
600
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 500
000
        
        
$ 500
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
6
000
000
        
        
6
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
800
000
        
        
800
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
10
925
11
100
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
15
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
15
000
31
500
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
8
516
12
894
13
360
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
18
723
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
14
742
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
981
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options
 contractual term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
16
432
11
987
16
375
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
6
092
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
8
313
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
402
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Fair Value Assumptions
 Estimated Forfeiture Rate
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Options
 Contractual Term
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Weighted Average Fair Value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Additional Authorized Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Cumulative Number of Shares Repurchased
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Cumulative Shares Repurchased
 Value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 O. Net Income per Share

 

 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the two-class method:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 
 
December&#xA0;29

 2012
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share data)
 




 Net Income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Allocation of net income for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted average number of shares for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Class B Common Stock*

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per share for basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 resulted from the conversion of 135
000 shares to Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock on February&#xA0;18
 2014
 100
000 shares to
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock on May&#xA0;7
 2014 and 110
000 shares to
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock on November&#xA0;4
 2014
 with the
 52-week number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the




 &#xA0;

 

 The Company calculates diluted net income per share for common
 stock using the more dilutive of (1)&#xA0;the treasury stock
 method
 or (2)&#xA0;the two-class method
 which assumes the
 participating securities are not exercised or converted.

 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class B Common
 Stock into Class&#xA0;A Common Stock and using the two-class method
 for unvested participating shares:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share
 data)
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&#xA0;28
 2013
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share
 data)
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Fifty-two weeks ended
 December&#xA0;29
 2012
 


 
 
 

 Shareholders
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 
 


 
 
(in thousands
 except per share
 data)
 




 As reported &#x2014; basic

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Class B Common Stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Net effect of unvested participating shares

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net income per common share &#x2014; diluted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 Basic net income per common share for each share of Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is $6.96
 $5.47 and $4.60 for
 the fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 as each share
 of Class&#xA0;A and Class B participates equally in earnings.
 Shares of Class B are convertible at any time into shares of
 Class&#xA0;A on a one-for-one basis at the option of the
 stockholder.

 &#xA0;

 Weighted average stock options to purchase 11
000
 15
000 and
 271
000 shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock were outstanding during
 fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 but not included in
 computing diluted income per share because their effects were
 anti-dilutive. Additionally
 performance-based stock options to
 purchase 30
000
 40
000 and 60
000 shares of Class&#xA0;A Common
 Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 but not included in computing dilutive income per
 share because the performance criteria of these stock options were
 not met as of December&#xA0;27
 2014
&#xA0;December&#xA0;28
 2013
 and December&#xA0;29
 2012
 respectively. Furthermore
 performance-based stock options to purchase 4
550 shares of
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock were not included in computing diluted
 income per share because the performance criteria of these stock
 options were not met and the options were cancelled during the
 twelve months ended December&#xA0;29
 2012
 respectively.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
 basis are summarized in the table below (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December 28
 2013
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 


        
        

 Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the
 consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below
 (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Note payable

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December 28
 2013
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Note payable

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 Assets and Liabilities for Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2012

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2012

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Period
 
 
 
 (Recovery)
 
 
 

 Reserves
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 


 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2012

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 a factor representing the value of the underlying stock as a multiple of the exercise price of the option which
 if achieved
 results in exercise of the option.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as the inability to transfer unvested awards
 are not taken into account in estimating the fair value of the award. However
 restrictions that remain in effect after an award is vested
 such as the inability to transfer or hedge vested options or a prohibition on the sale of outstanding vested shares (or other type of equity) for a period of time
 affect the estimate of an award's fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 90
743
$ 70
392
$ 59
467


        
        
        
        


        
35
138
25
903
20
208


        
1
777
1
567
        


Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
6
857
7
318
6
528


        
(17
353)
(5
282)
(7
894)


        
15
350
11
630
2
066


        
        
        
        


        
5
157
(10
542)
(8
305)


        
5
090
(12
036)
(10
289)


Prepaid expenses
 income tax receivable and other assets
(9
447)
(7
616)
6
123


        
        
3
173
8
002


        
4
578
14
633
19
491


        
2
019
        
        


        
141
211
99
982
95
330


        
        
        
        


Purchases of property
 plant and equipment
(151
784)
(100
655)
(66
010)


        
        
(2
753)
(1
726)


        
        
        
        


Proceeds from disposal of property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
(151
831)
(103
328)
(67
323)


        
        
        
        


        
(7
859)
(29
585)
(18
046)


        
27
272
2
541
5
727


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
17
353
5
282
7
894


        
        
        
        


        
37
498
(21
593)
(2
994)


        
26
878
(24
939)
25
013


        
49
524
74
463
49
450


        
76
402
49
524
74
463


        
        
        
        


        
42
324
29
442
18
782


        
        
        
        


Increase in accounts payable for purchase of property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
1
608
        


        
        
$ 1
145
$ 1
161




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


Common Stock
 par value
        
        


Common Stock
 shares authorized
22
700
000
22
700
000


Common Stock
 shares issued
9
452
375
8
785
343


Common Stock
 shares outstanding
9
452
375
8
785
343


        
        
        


Common Stock
 par value
        
        


Common Stock
 shares authorized
4
200
000
4
200
000


Common Stock
 shares issued
3
617
355
3
962
355


Common Stock
 shares outstanding
3
617
355
3
962
355




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 

 The Company had outstanding total non-cancelable purchase
 commitments of $171.0 million at December&#xA0;27
 2014. These
 commitments are made up of hops
 barley and wheat totaling $53.6
 million
 apples and other ingredients of $30.0 million
 advertising
 contracts of $28.2 million
 equipment and machinery of $26.4
 million
 glass bottles of $22.1 million
 operating leases of $7.3
 million
 and other commitments of $3.4 million. As of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 projected cash outflows under purchase
 commitments for the remaining years under the contracts are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Hops
 barley and wheat

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Apples and other ingredients

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Advertising

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equipment and machinery

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Glass bottles

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Operating leases

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total contractual obligations

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion
 of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend through
 crop year 2016 and specify both the quantities and prices
 mostly
 denominated in Euros
 to which the Company is committed. Hops
 purchase commitments outstanding at December&#xA0;27
 2014 totaled
 $34.2&#xA0;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The
 Company does not use forward currency exchange contracts and
 intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time
 of purchase.

 Currently
 the Company has entered into contracts for barley and
 wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop year
 2014 and cover the Company&#x2019;s barley
 wheat
 and malt
 requirements for the majority of 2015. These purchase commitments
 outstanding at December&#xA0;27
 2014 totaled $19.5 million. On
 January&#xA0;7
 2015 the Company entered into additional barley
 commitments of $1.5 million.

 The Company sources glass bottles pursuant to a Glass Bottle Supply
 Agreement with Anchor Glass Container Corporation
 (&#x201C;Anchor&#x201D;)
 under which Anchor is the supplier of
 certain glass bottles for the Company&#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery
 and its Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the
 terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles to other breweries
 where the Company brews its beers. Under the agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments that are
 based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal
 business conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled. Minimum purchase
 commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable
 to replace lost production capacity cancelled by the Company
 as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 totaled $22.1 million.

 The Company has various operating lease agreements in place for
 facilities and equipment as of December&#xA0;27
 2014. Terms of
 these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by
 lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through
 2021. Aggregate rent expense was $3.2 million
 $2.7 million and
 $2.0 million in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

 For the fiscal year ended December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company
 brewed 95% of its core brands volume at Company-owned breweries. In
 the normal course of its business
 the Company has historically
 entered into various production arrangements with other brewing
 companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases
 the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw
 materials that are used in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes
 into fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all unused
 raw materials purchased by the brewing company specifically for the
 Company&#x2019;s beers at the brewing company&#x2019;s cost upon
 termination of the production arrangement. The Company is also
 obligated to meet annual volume requirements in conjunction with
 certain production arrangements
 which are not material to the
 Company&#x2019;s operations.

 The Company&#x2019;s arrangements with other brewing companies
 require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery
 operations. As of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 there were no significant
 equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing
 contracts. Changes to the Company&#x2019;s brewing strategy or
 existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or
 the introduction of new products in the future may require the
 Company to purchase equipment to support the contract
 breweries&#x2019; operations.

 

 The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened
 litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a
 material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results
 of its operations.

 

 During the second quarter of 2010
 the Company entered into an
 agreement with the City of Cincinnati (the &#x201C;City&#x201D;) to
 complete a remediation in accordance with a remediation plan on
 environmentally contaminated land to be purchased by the City which
 is adjacent to Company-owned land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the
 &#x201C;Property&#x201D;).&#xA0;In the third quarter of 2010
 the
 City was awarded a Clean Ohio Revitalization Fund grant
 (&#x201C;CORF Grant&#x201D;) for the Property and will use these
 funds to complete the purchase of the Property and will provide
 funds to the Company to remediate the contaminated land and
 demolish certain other buildings on adjacent parcels.&#xA0;The
 Company paid approximately $0.3 million to the City for an option
 to purchase the Property after it has been fully remediated to
 enable potential future expansion at the Cincinnati Brewery
 which
 is included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheet.&#xA0;In connection with
 these agreements
 the Company recorded a current liability and an
 equal and offsetting other asset of approximately $2.6 million for
 the estimated total cleanup costs for which it is responsible under
 the remediation plan and the related CORF Grant
 respectively.&#xA0;Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company
 would not be reimbursed by the City for any remediation cost above
 the currently estimated cleanup cost of approximately $2.6
 million.

 During the second quarter of 2012
 the Company entered into a
 second agreement with the City to complete a remediation in
 accordance with a remediation plan on environmentally contaminated
 land purchased by the Company which is also adjacent to
 Company-owned land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the &#x201C;Second
 Property&#x201D;).&#xA0;The City was awarded a Clean Ohio
 Revitalization Fund grant (&#x201C;CORF II Grant&#x201D;) and
 provided funds to the Company to offset a portion of the purchase
 price of the Second Property
 clean-up the contaminated land and
 buildings and to then demolish the buildings located on the Second
 Property.&#xA0;The Company paid approximately $0.3 million to
 purchase the Second Property
 which is included in property
 plant
 and equipment
 net
 in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheet.&#xA0;In connection with these arrangements
 the Company
 recorded a current liability and an equal and offsetting other
 asset of approximately $0.7 million for the estimated total
 acquisition and cleanup costs for which it is responsible under the
 remediation plan and the related CORF II Grant
 respectively.&#xA0;Under the terms of the agreement with the City
 the Company would not be reimbursed by the City for any remediation
 cost above the currently estimated acquisition and cleanup costs of
 approximately $0.7 million.

 As of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company has a remaining amount of
 $507
000 related to the CORF Grant recorded in other current
 assets. The Company accrues for environmental remediation-related
 activities for which commitments or cleanup plans have been
 developed and for which costs can be reasonably estimated.&#xA0;All
 accrued amounts are generally determined in coordination with
 third-party experts on an undiscounted basis.&#xA0;Any additional
 remediation costs above the currently estimated costs will not
 in
 the opinion of management
 have a material adverse effect on the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial position or results of
 operations.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 1
977
200
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        
9
721
327


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        
3
617
355




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received
 to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
 The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy
 which
 prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels
 and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest
 level of input that is available and significant to the fair value
 measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 (Level&#xA0;1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
 inputs (Level&#xA0;3 measurements).

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 Level&#xA0;1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
 markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 Level&#xA0;2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included
 within Level&#xA0;1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a
 specified (contractual) term
 a Level&#xA0;2 input must be
 observable for substantially the full term of the asset or




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 Level&#xA0;3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or
 liability in which there is little
 if any
 market activity for the




 &#xA0;

 All financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value
 on a recurring basis (at least annually) have been segregated into
 the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on
 the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement
 date.&#xA0;The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis are summarized in the table below (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December 28
 2013
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 The Company&#x2019;s cash equivalents listed above represent money
 market mutual fund securities and are classified within Level 1 of
 the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted
 market prices.&#xA0;The Company does not adjust the quoted market
 price for such financial instruments.

 Cash
 certificates of deposit
 receivables and payables are carried
 at their cost
 which approximates fair value
 because of their
 short-term nature. Financial instruments not recorded at fair value
 in the consolidated financial statements are summarized in the
 table below (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Note payable

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
As of December 28
 2013
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Note payable

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 taxes
        
        
        


Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 tax
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 related to (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
$ 966
478
        
$ 793
705
        
$ 628
580
        


        
63
471
        
54
652
        
48
358
        


        
903
007
        
739
053
        
580
222
        


        
437
996
        
354
131
        
265
012
        


        
465
011
        
384
922
        
315
210
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
250
696
        
207
930
        
169
306
        


        
65
971
        
62
332
        
50
171
        


        
1
777
        
1
567
        
        
        


        
318
444
        
271
829
        
219
626
        


        
146
567
        
113
093
        
95
584
        


Other income (expense)
 net:
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other expense
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Total other expense
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
145
594
        
112
541
        
95
517
        


        
54
851
        
42
149
        
36
050
        


        
90
743
        
70
392
        
59
467
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
13
484
        
13
504
        
13
435
        


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 90
027
        
$ 70
858
        
$ 59
422
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net:
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
9
202
        
8
741
        
8
689
        


        
13
484
        
13
504
        
13
435
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net:
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
766
        
4
025
        
4
107
        

      
        

      



              

000 shares to Class A Common Stock on February 18
 2014
 100
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on May 7
 2014 and 110
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on November 4
 2014








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment
        


 Plant and Equipment

 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Machinery and plant equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Kegs

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Land

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Building and building improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Office equipment and furniture

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Leasehold improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less accumulated depreciation

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The Company recorded depreciation and amortization expense related
 to these assets of $34.8 million
 $25.7 million and $20.2 million
 in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

 

 The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when
 events indicate that an asset or asset group may have suffered
 impairment. During 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the Company recorded
 impairment charges of $1.8 million
 $1.6 million
 and $0.1 million
 respectively
 based upon its review of the carrying values of its
 property
 plant and equipment.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Prepaid malt and barley

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excise and other tax recievables

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Supplier rebates

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid insurance

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Grant receivable&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;environmental remediations
 (see&#xA0;Note J)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) represents amounts of
 unrecognized actuarial gains or losses related to the Company
 sponsored defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement medical
 plan
 net of tax effect. Changes in accumulated other comprehensive
 loss represent actuarial losses or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs. The
 following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) for 2014
 2013
 and 2012 (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Income (Loss)
 





 2011

 
 
 
 




 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $108

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($33)

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 





 2012

 
 
 
 




 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($261)

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($35)

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 





 2013

 
 
 
 




 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($11)

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 





 2014

 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 On August&#xA0;26
 2013
 A&amp;S acquired substantially all of the
 assets of the Coney Island business (&#x201C;Coney Island&#x201D;)
 and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing Company for a
 preliminary aggregate purchase price of $2.9 million. Costs related
 to the acquisition of Coney Island were not significant and were
 expensed as incurred.

 The allocation of the purchase price is based on management&#x2019;s
 judgment after evaluating several factors
 including valuation
 assessments of tangible and intangible assets. The allocation of
 the purchase price is as follows (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant and equipment

 
 
 
 




 Trade name

 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total assets acquired and cash paid

 
 


 



 The Company has assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trade
 name and the related value is included in other assets in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill resulting from
 this acquisition is expected to be amortizable for tax purposes.
 The operating results of Coney Island since the acquisition date
 are included in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.

 &#xA0;

 On January&#xA0;4
 2012
 A&amp;S acquired substantially all of the
 assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel
 City Brewing Company (&#x201C;Angel City&#x201D;) for an aggregate
 purchase price of $1.9 million. Costs related to the acquisition of
 Angel City were not significant and were expensed as incurred.

 The allocation of the purchase price is based on management&#x2019;s
 judgment after evaluating several factors
 including valuation
 assessments of tangible and intangible assets. The allocation of
 the purchase price is as follows (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant and equipment

 
 
 
 




 Trade name

 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total assets acquired and cash paid

 
 


 



 The Company has assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trade
 name and the related value is included in other assets in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill resulting from
 this acquisition is expected to be amortizable for tax purposes.
 The operating results of Angel City since the acquisition date are
 included in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 

 The Company has a credit facility in place that provides for a
 $150.0 million revolving line of credit which has a term not
 scheduled to expire until March&#xA0;31
 2019. The Company may
 elect an interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility
 based on either (i)&#xA0;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.25% at
 December&#xA0;27
 2014) or (ii)&#xA0;the applicable LIBOR rate
 (0.16% at December&#xA0;27
 2014) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an
 annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the unused portion of the
 facility and is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
 which are measured using earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (&#x201C;EBITDA&#x201D;) based ratios.
 The Company&#x2019;s EBITDA to interest expense ratio was 9
492 as
 of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 compared to a minimum allowable ratio of
 2.00 and the Company&#x2019;s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was
 0.00 as of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 compared to a maximum allowable
 ratio of 2.50. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as
 of December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013. There were no
 borrowings outstanding under the credit facility as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013.

 There are also certain restrictive covenants set forth in the
 credit agreement. Pursuant to the negative covenants
 the Company
 has agreed that it will not: enter into any indebtedness or
 guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any
 sale and leaseback transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of
 significant assets without the lender&#x2019;s prior written
 consent
 make or maintain any investments other than those
 permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions
 with affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business. In
 addition
 the credit agreement requires the Company to obtain prior
 written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or
 in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock or other
 equity interests with the exception of the following:
 (a)&#xA0;distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The
 Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary
 of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
 (b)&#xA0;repurchase from former
 employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&#xA0;A Common
 Stock
 issued under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and
 (c)&#xA0;redemption of shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock as
 approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to
 its holders of common stock. Borrowings under the credit facility
 may be used for working capital
 capital expenditures and general
 corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. In the
 event of a default that has not been cured
 the credit facility
 would terminate and any unpaid principal and accrued interest would
 become due and payable.

 

 In June 2012
 the Company entered into a grant facility with the
 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (the &#x201C;Commonwealth&#x201D;) for
 $770
000. The purpose of the grant is to provide the Company funds
 to support economic development through the repaving of a parking
 lot and loading docks at its Pennsylvania Brewery. Under the terms
 of the grant
 the Company was required to fund this project through
 a note arrangement
 with the Commonwealth reimbursing the Company
 for its debt service over a 10-year period.

 To fund the project
 the Company entered into a term note
 arrangement with Bank of America N.A. in June 2012. The note is for
 approximately $628
000 and has a maturity date of December&#xA0;31
 2021. The interest rate for the note is fixed at an annual rate of
 4.25%. Payments of $77
000 are due annually beginning on
 December&#xA0;31
 2012
 which amount will be reimbursed to the
 Company by the Commonwealth. The note is secured by interest in a
 CD held by the bank totaling approximately $513
000 which is
 reduced each year based on principal payments on the note; this
 amount is accounted for as restricted cash and is included in other
 assets on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet. As of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the balance of the note was $513
000.

 

 In October 2012
 the Company entered into an agreement to lease
 equipment with a lease inception date of January&#xA0;4
 2013. The
 Company recorded the lease as a capital lease
 which resulted in
 $796
000 recorded as property
 plant
 and equipment. The
 amortization of the leased equipment is included with depreciation
 expense in Note E. At December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the balance of the
 capital lease obligation was $70
000
 after payments of $726
000 as
 required by the agreement.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


Purchase commitment payment due
 total
$ 170
975


Purchase commitment payment due
 2015
140
039


Purchase commitment payment due
 2016-2017
25
295


Purchase commitment payment due
 2018-2019
4
861


        
        


        
        


        
        


Purchase commitment payment due
 total
26
378


Purchase commitment payment due
 2015
26
378


Hops
 Barley and Wheat
        


        
        


Purchase commitment payment due
 total
53
623


Purchase commitment payment due
 2015
28
814


Purchase commitment payment due
 2016-2017
21
045


Purchase commitment payment due
 2018-2019
3
764


        
        


        
        


Purchase commitment payment due
 total
30
023


Purchase commitment payment due
 2015
30
023


        
        


        
        


Purchase commitment payment due
 total
28
210


Purchase commitment payment due
 2015
27
926


Purchase commitment payment due
 2016-2017
        


        
        


        
        


Purchase commitment payment due
 total
22
058


Purchase commitment payment due
 2015
22
058


        
        


        
        


Purchase commitment payment due
 total
7
259


Purchase commitment payment due
 2015
2
263


Purchase commitment payment due
 2016-2017
3
202


Purchase commitment payment due
 2018-2019
1
014


        
        


        
        


        
        


Purchase commitment payment due
 total
3
424


Purchase commitment payment due
 2015
2
577


Purchase commitment payment due
 2016-2017
        


Purchase commitment payment due
 2018-2019
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the
 Company-owned breweries over the fair value of the net assets
 acquired upon the completion of the acquisitions. In the first
 quarter of 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of the
 assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel
 City Brewing Company. During the third quarter of 2013
 the Company
 acquired substantially all of the assets of the Coney Island
 business and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing
 A portion of the purchase price was allocated to
 goodwill. See Note L for details on this acquisition.

 The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 December&#xA0;28

 2013
 
 
 
 
 
 
 December&#xA0;27

 2014
 




 Goodwill
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
 
 




 Accrued deposits

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued excise taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued sales and use tax

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued freight

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued ingredients

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued stale beer

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Environmental remediation costs (see Note J)

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Income taxes

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other accrued liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes
 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total income tax provision

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 The Company&#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Statutory rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in income tax contingencies

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Significant components of the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax assets

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Valuation allowance

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance

 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The Company&#x2019;s practice is to classify interest and penalties
 related to income tax matters in income tax expense. Interest and
 penalties included in the provision for income taxes amounted to
 $0.0 million
 $0.0 million and $0.1 million for fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Accrued interest and penalties
 amounted to $0.3 million and $0.3 million at December&#xA0;27
 2014
 and December&#xA0;28
 2013
 respectively.

 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Balance at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Increases related to current year tax positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Decreases related to prior year tax positions

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Decreases related to settlements

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013 are potential net
 benefits of $0.3 million and $0.5 million
 respectively
 that would
 favorably impact the effective tax rate if recognized. Unrecognized
 tax benefits are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
 consolidated balance sheets and adjusted in the period in which new
 information about a tax position becomes available or the final
 outcome differs from the amount recorded.

 In May 2013
 the Internal Revenue Service (the &#x201C;IRS&#x201D;)
 commenced an examination of the Company&#x2019;s 2010 and 2011
 consolidated corporate income tax returns. The examination was
 settled during the first quarter of 2014 and resulted in a net
 decrease of $0.2 million in unrecognized tax benefits.
 Additionally
 in April 2014
 IRS commenced an examination of the
 Company&#x2019;s 2012 consolidated corporate income tax returns. As
 of December&#xA0;27
 2014 the examination has been settled and
 resulted in a net decrease of $0.1 million in unrecognized tax
 benefits.

 The Company&#x2019;s state income tax returns remain subject to
 examination for three or four years depending on the state&#x2019;s
 statute of limitations. The Company is being audited by one state
 as of December&#xA0;27
 2014. In addition
 the Company is generally
 obligated to report changes in taxable income arising from federal
 income tax audits.

 It is reasonably possible that the Company&#x2019;s unrecognized tax
 benefits may increase or decrease in 2015 if there is a completion
 of certain income tax audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate
 the range of such possible changes. The Company does not expect
 that any potential changes would have a material impact on the
 Company&#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations or cash
 flows.

 The Company&#x2019;s short term income tax receivable of $21.3
 million in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is
 primarily due to the Tax Increase Prevention Act
 H.R. 5771
 being
 enacted after 2014 corporate estimated tax payments were due on
 December&#xA0;15
 2014. The Tax Increase Prevention Act allows the
 Company to claim accelerated tax depreciation on qualified
 property
 plant
 and equipment additions
 and the
 research&#xA0;&amp; development tax credit on the 2014 federal
 corporate income tax return. As of this filing date
 the Company
 has applied with the IRS for a $17.2 million quick refund of
 overpayment of estimate tax
 which the Company expects to receive
 during the first quarter 2015.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



















        
        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
1
648
        


        
3
683
3
683
1
145
        


        
        
        
2
903
        


Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
1
161


        
        
        
        
$ 1
900




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
1
679
835


        
13
786


        
        


        
        


        
(313
177)


        
1
380
444


        
452
962


        
1
331
293


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
$ 331
820


        
110
970


        
$ 320
116




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


Business acquisition
 preliminary aggregate purchase price
        
        


Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc. | Aggregate
        
        


        
        
        


Business acquisition
 preliminary aggregate purchase price
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes
 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total income tax provision

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The Company&#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Statutory rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in income tax contingencies

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 Significant components of the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax assets

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Valuation allowance

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance

 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Balance at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Increases related to current year tax positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Decreases related to prior year tax positions

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Decreases related to settlements

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies
 including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate
 and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty
 (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change
 and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 3
683
$ 1
145


        
        
        


        
$ 3
683
$ 1
145




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


 Plan

 The Company has one retirement plan covering substantially all
 non-union employees; two retirement plans
 one of which covers
 substantially all union employees
 and the other of which covers
 employees of a specific union
 and post-retirement medical benefits
 covering substantially all union employees.

 

 The Boston Beer Company 401(k) Plan (the &#x201C;Boston Beer 401(k)
 Plan&#x201D;)
 which was established by the Company in 1993
 is a
 Company-sponsored defined contribution plan that covers a majority
 of the Company&#x2019;s non-union employees who are employed by
 Boston Beer Corporation
 Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd.
 Samuel
 Adams Pennsylvania Brewery Company or A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative
 LLC. All non-union employees of these entities are eligible to
 participate in the plan on the first day of the first month after
 commencing employment or
 if later
 reaching age 21. Participants
 may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual
 compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. After the sixth month of
 employment
 the Company matches each participant&#x2019;s
 contribution. A maximum of 6% of compensation is taken into account
 in determining the amount of the match. The Company matches 100% of
 the first $1
000 of the eligible compensation participants
 contribute. Thereafter
 the Company matches 50% of the eligible
 contribution. The Company&#x2019;s contributions to the Boston Beer
 401(k) Plan amounted to $2.8 million and $2.4 million in fiscal
 years 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The basic annual administrative
 fee for the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#x2019;s
 investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider
 Payment Agreement
 up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied
 by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available
 for paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for
 the payment of any additional fees related to the management of the
 Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the
 Company.

 

 The defined contribution plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. 401(k) Plan for Represented Employees (the &#x201C;SABC 401(k)
 Plan&#x201D;)
 is a Company-sponsored plan. It was established in
 1997 and is available to all union employees upon commencement of
 employment or
 if later
 attaining age 21. Participants may make
 voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation to
 the SABC 401(k) Plan
 subject to IRS limitations. Effective
 July&#xA0;1
 2007
 the Company commenced making a non-elective
 contribution for eligible employees who are members of what is now
 the Service Employees&#x2019; International Union
 Local 1
 Firemen&#xA0;&amp; Oilers Division (&#x201C;Local #1&#x201D;).
 Effective January&#xA0;1
 2012
 the Company commenced making a
 non-elective contribution for eligible employees who are members of
 The International Union of Operating Engineers
 Local #20
 (&#x201C;Local #20&#x201D;). Company contributions for fiscal 2014
 and 2013 were insignificant. The basic annual administrative fee
 for the SABC 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#x2019;s investment
 fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment
 Agreement up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the
 total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available for
 paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the
 payment of any additional fees related to the management of the
 SABC 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company.

 The defined benefit plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd.
 Local Union No.&#xA0;1199 Pension Plan (the &#x201C;Local 1199
 Pension Plan&#x201D;)
 is a Company-sponsored pension plan. It was
 established in 1991 and is open to all union employees who are
 covered by the Company&#x2019;s collective bargaining agreement with
 Teamsters Local Union No.&#xA0;1199 (&#x201C;Local Union
 #1199&#x201D;) and who have completed 12 consecutive months of
 employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit is
 determined based on years of service since July 1991. The Company
 made contributions of $162
000 in 2014 and no contributions in
 2013. At December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013
 the
 unfunded projected pension benefits were not material to the
 Company&#x2019;s financial statements.

 The Company provides a supplement to eligible retirees from Local
 #20
 Local #1 and Local Union #1199 to assist them with the cost of
 Medicare gap coverage after their retirement on account of age or
 permanent disability. To qualify for this benefit (collectively
 the &#x201C;Retiree Medical Plan&#x201D;)
 an employee must have
 worked for at least 20 years for the Company or its predecessor at
 the Company&#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery
 must have been enrolled in
 the Company&#x2019;s comprehensive medical plan for at least 5 years
 before retirement and
 in the case of retirees from Local #20
 for
 at least 7 of the last 10 years of their employment
 and must be
 eligible for Medicare benefits under the Social Security Act. The
 benefit obligation was
 determined using a discount rate of 4.0% at December&#xA0;27
 2014
 and 5.0% at December&#xA0;28
 2013 respectively
 and a 2.5% health
 care cost increase based on the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for
 the years 2014
 2013 and 2012. The effect of a 1% point increase
 and the effect of a 1% point decrease in the assumed health care
 cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost
 components of net periodic post-retirement health care benefit
 costs and the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for
 health care benefits would not be significant.

 In addition
 the comprehensive medical plans offered to currently
 employed members of Local&#xA0;#20 and Local Union #1199 remain
 available to them should they retire after reaching age 57 (and
 before reaching age 65 in the case of a member of Local #20) with
 at least 20 years of service (if a Local #20 member) or 10 years of
 employment (if a Local Union #1199 member) with the Company or its
 predecessor at the Company&#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery. These
 eligible retirees may choose to continue to be covered under the
 Company&#x2019;s comprehensive medical plan
 subject to certain
 modifications applicable to members of Local Union #1199
 until
 they reach the age when they are eligible for Medicare under the
 Social Security Act or (in the case of a Local #20 member) coverage
 under a comparable State health benefit plan. Eligible retirees pay
 100% of the cost of the coverage.

 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Unfunded Status

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The Local 1199 Plan invests in a family of funds that are designed
 to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&#x2019;
 investment objectives.&#xA0;The fund-specific objectives vary and
 include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital appreciation plus income and
 funds that invest in common stock of companies that cover a broad
 range of industries. The plan&#x2019;s investments are considered
 category1 assets in the fair value hierarchy and the fair values
 were determined by reference to period end quoted market
 prices.

 &#xA0;

 The basis of the long-term rate of return assumption of 6.5%
 reflects the Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s current targeted asset mix of
 approximately 35% debt securities and 65% equity securities with
 assumed average annual returns of approximately 3% to 6% for debt
 securities and 8% to 12% for equity securities.&#xA0;It is assumed
 that the Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s investment portfolio will be
 adjusted periodically to maintain the targeted ratios of debt
 securities and equity securities.&#xA0;Additional consideration is
 given to the plan&#x2019;s historical returns as well as future
 long-range projections of investment returns for each asset
 category. The assumed discount rate in estimating the pension
 obligation was 4.0% and 5.0% at December&#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&#xA0;28
 2013
 respectively. The increase in benefit
 obligation at end of fiscal year is primarily due to a change in
 the mortality table used. At December&#xA0;27
 2014 the Company
 used the Society of Actuaries mortality table in estimating the
 benefit obligation while at December&#xA0;28
 2013 the Company used
 the IRS funding mortality basis in estimating the benefit
 obligation.

 The Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 




 Equity securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Debt securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 The Company&#x2019;s fiscal quarters are consistently determined
 year to year and generally consist of 13 weeks
 except in those
 fiscal years in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last
 fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&#x2019;s
 opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all
 adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
 for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters
 presented. The operating results for any quarter are not
 necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
September&#xA0;27


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
June&#xA0;28


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
March&#xA0;29


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
December&#xA0;28


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
September&#xA0;28


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
June&#xA0;29


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 
 
March&#xA0;30


 (13&#xA0;weeks)
 


 
 


 




 Barrels sold

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income per share &#x2014; basic

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income per share &#x2014; diluted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


        
$ 358
781
$ 259
664


        
72
124
60
350


        
23
992
23
260


        
77
130
44
234


        
14
063
14
581


        
7
889
7
600


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
 Total
553
979
409
689


        
172
410
143
131


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
$ 381
569
$ 266
558




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding land held for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of other physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 &#xA0;The following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) for 2014
 2013
 and 2012 (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Income (Loss)
 





 2011

 
 
 
 




 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $108

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($33)

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 





 2012

 
 
 
 




 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($261)

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($35)

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 





 2013

 
 
 
 




 Defered pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466

 
 
 
 




 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($11)

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 





 2014

 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data


          




          




          


          






          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
$ 184
745
        
        
$ 138
336
        
$ 47
119


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2011
        
8
715
000
4
107
000
        
        
        


        
59
467
        
        
        
        
59
467


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
282 in 2013 and $17
353 in 2014 (in shares)
        
154
000
        
        
        
        


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
282 in 2013 and $17
353 in 2014
12
443
        
        
12
441
        
        


        
6
528
        
        
6
528
        
        


        
(165
192)
(165
000)
        
        
        
        


        
(18
047)
        
        
        
        
(18
045)


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $75 in 2012
 $296 in 2013 and $455 in 2014
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Dec. 29
 2012
245
091
        
        
157
305
        
88
541


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 29
 2012
        
8
704
000
4
107
000
        
        
        


        
70
392
        
        
        
        
70
392


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
282 in 2013 and $17
353 in 2014 (in shares)
        
132
000
        
        
        
        


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
282 in 2013 and $17
353 in 2014
8
403
        
        
8
402
        
        


        
7
318
        
        
7
318
        
        


        
(195
728)
(196
000)
        
        
        
        


        
(29
585)
        
        
        
        
(29
584)


        
        
145
000
(145
000)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $75 in 2012
 $296 in 2013 and $455 in 2014
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Dec. 28
 2013
302
085
        
        
173
025
        
129
349


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 28
 2013
        
8
785
000
3
962
000
        
        
        


        
90
743
        
        
        
        
90
743


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
282 in 2013 and $17
353 in 2014 (in shares)
313
177
351
000
        
        
        
        


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
282 in 2013 and $17
353 in 2014
45
030
        
        
45
027
        
        


        
6
857
        
        
6
857
        
        


        
(29
474)
(29
000)
        
        
        
        


        
(7
859)
        
        
        
        
(7
859)


        
        
345
000
(345
000)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $75 in 2012
 $296 in 2013 and $455 in 2014
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Dec. 27
 2014
$ 436
140
        
        
$ 224
909
$ (1
133)
$ 212
233


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 27
 2014
        
9
452
000
3
617
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 apple
 juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at the
 lower of cost
 determined on the first-in
 first-out basis
 or
 market. The Company&#x2019;s goal is to maintain on-hand a supply of
 approximately two years for essential hop varieties
 in order to
 limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. Inventories
 are generally classified as current assets. The Company classifies
 hops inventory in excess of two years of forecasted usage in other
 long term assets. The cost elements of work in process and finished
 goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and
 manufacturing overhead. Inventories consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;27

 2014
 
 
December&#xA0;28

 2013
 


 
 
(in
 thousands)
 




 Raw Materials

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Work in process

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Finished Goods

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less portion in other long term assets

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
 




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
$ 1
263


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Subsequent Events - Additional Information (Detail) (Subsequent Event
 Vacant Land in Freetown
 Massachusetts
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
$ 4
443


        
2
932


        
2
041


        
1
450


        
        


        
        


        
$ 11
823




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 

 The Company&#x2019;s fiscal year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week
 period ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal periods
 of 2014
 2013 and 2012 consist of fifty-two weeks.
 


        
        

 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.
 


        
        

 

 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams
 and Angry
 Orchard
 brands. The second is the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating
 segment which is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company
 Angel City
 Brewing Company
 Concrete Beach Brewing Company
 and Coney Island
 Brewing Company. Both segments have similar economic
 characteristics. They also sell predominantly low alcohol
 beverages
 which are sold to the same types of customers in similar
 size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially
 the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured
 using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content
 and generally fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the
 operating segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they
 are aggregated for financial statements purposes.
 


        
        

 

 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.
 


        
        

 

 Cash and cash equivalents at December&#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&#xA0;28
 2013 included cash on-hand and money market
 instruments that are highly liquid investments.
 


        
        

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts

 The Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.
 


        
        

 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company&#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.

 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of wholesalers
 importers or
 other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &#x201C;Distributors&#x201D;). In 2014
 sales to foreign Distributors
 were approximately 4% of total sales. Receivables arising from
 these sales are not collateralized; however
 credit risk is
 minimized as a result of the large and diverse nature of the
 Company&#x2019;s customer base. The Company establishes an allowance
 for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit
 risk of specific customers
 historical trends and other
 information. There were no individual customer accounts receivable
 balances outstanding at December&#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&#xA0;28
 2013 that were in excess of 10% of the gross
 accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers
 represented more than 10% of the Company&#x2019;s revenues during
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012.
 


        
        

Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments

 The Company&#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) Topic 820

 Disclosures
 that the carrying amount of its cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts
 payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the
 short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is
 not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks
 arising from these financial assets and liabilities.
 


        
        

Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory

 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at
 the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.

 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.

 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#x2019;s
 expected future usage.
 


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

Property
 Plant and Equipment

 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 or the term of the production
 agreement



 
 




 
 

 or the remaining useful life of
 the building



 


        
        

 

 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and such kegs and bottles are shipped on
 pallets to Distributors. All kegs and pallets are owned by the
 Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&#x2019;s balance sheets
 at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the
 keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment of
 beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on
 the kegs and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in
 the Company&#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and
 pallets to the Company
 the deposit is refunded to the
 Distributor.

 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. In
 2010
 the Company began estimating the physical count of kegs and
 pallets held by certain of its larger Distributors and the
 forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs and pallets. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.0 million
 $1.8 million and
 $1.8 million
 respectively. For the year ended December&#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated
 depreciation by $0.2 million
 $0.4 million and $0.4 million
 respectively. As of December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company&#x2019;s balance sheet includes $18.2 million and
 $17.9 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and
 pallets and $25.9 million and $18.7 million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.
 


        
        

 

 Goodwill is comprised of three items. It includes the excess of the
 purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired of
 (i)&#xA0;the Company-owned brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the
 &#x201C;Cincinnati Brewery&#x201D;) upon the completion of the
 acquisition in November 2000
 (ii)&#xA0;substantially all of the
 assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel
 City Brewing Company acquired by the Company in the first quarter
 of 2012
 (iii)&#xA0;substantially all of the assets of the Coney
 Island business and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing
 Company acquired by the Company in the third quarter of 2013. The
 Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its operating segments at the end of the third
 quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if events or
 changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired.
 The Company has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013. As of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company operating segment amounted to $1.4 million.
 As of December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013 the
 goodwill of the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment
 amounted to $2.3 million.
 


        
        

 

 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.

 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013.
 


        
        

 

 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the
 extent deemed necessary when realization of deferred tax assets
 appears unlikely.

 The calculation of the Company&#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. In accordance with ASC Topic 740
 
 the Company records estimated reserves for
 exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax
 returns in accordance with that standard.
 


        
        

 

 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &#x201C;TTB&#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.
 


        
        

 

 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&#xA0;27
 2014 and
 December&#xA0;28
 2013
 the Company has deferred $6.0 million and
 $8.4 million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior to these
 dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.

 In certain circumstances and with the Company&#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.
 


        
        

 

 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.
 


        
        

 

 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income. The Company
 incurred shipping costs of $62.6 million
 $50.3 million and $36.3
 million in fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
 


        
        

 

 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and entertainment
 expenses for the sales and sales support workforce
 promotional
 activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments of finished
 goods from manufacturing locations to distributor locations and
 point-of-sale items. Total advertising and sales promotional
 expenditures of $100.5&#xA0;million
 $81.0 million and $78.3
 million were included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.
 


        
        

 

 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
 ASC Topic 605-50

 and Incentives

 paid to customers totaled $52.4 million
 $40.4 million and $28.1
 million in fiscal year 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $28.5 million
 $23.1 million
 and $19.5
 million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to
 Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. Agreed-upon
 discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&#x2019; sales to
 retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total
 discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance
 requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions
 that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities
 recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have
 historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated allowance.

 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#x2019;s
 products may include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and
 merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional
 programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment.
 Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in
 fiscal years 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $23.9&#xA0;million
 $17.3
 million
 and $8.6 million
 respectively. In 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of
 $18.7 million
 $13.4 million and $6.3 million respectively as
 reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized as reduction to net
 revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs
 recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include
 point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures
 in local markets.
 


        
        

 

 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income:
 general and administrative salary and benefit expenses
 insurance
 costs
 professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for general and administrative
 employees
 and other general and administrative overhead costs.
 


        
        

 

 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic 718
 
 (&#x201C;ASC 718&#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of
 share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on
 fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during
 which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
 the award (the requisite service period). The amount of
 compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
 income is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and
 therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.

 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 stock
 option grant to the Company&#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer
 which
 is considered to be a market-based award and was valued utilizing
 the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple
 potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on
 the most likely outcome. See Note M for further discussion of the
 application of the option-pricing models.
 


        
        

 

 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.
 


        
        

 

 In accordance with ASC Topic 410

 Environmental Obligations

 environmental remediation-related activities for which commitments
 or cleanup plans have been developed and for which costs can be
 reasonably estimated.&#xA0;All accrued amounts are generally
 determined on an undiscounted basis.
 


        
        

 

 In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an
 update to Accounting Standards Codification 606 Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (&#x201C;ASC 606&#x201D;) that will
 supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this
 update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of
 promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects
 the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
 services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and
 make more estimates than under the current guidance. This update to
 ASC 606 should be applied retrospectively either to each prior
 reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to
 the most current reporting period presented in the financial
 statements with a cumulative effect adjustment in the retained
 earnings. This update to ASC 606 becomes effective and will be
 adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.
 Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently
 evaluating the impact of this update on its consolidated financial
 statements.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
















    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    

Dec. 27


Sep. 27


Jun. 28


Mar. 29


Dec. 28


Sep. 28


Jun. 29


Mar. 30

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 Non-Employee Director Plan is summarized as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 Price
 
 
 



 in Years
 
 
 


 (in&#xA0;thousands)
 




 Outstanding at December&#xA0;28
 2013

 
 

679

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expired

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Outstanding at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 

380

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Exercisable at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Vested and expected to vest at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 

331

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Amounts related to performance-based stock options included in
 total stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividends

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercise factor

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount for post-vesting restrictions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 The following table summarizes the estimated future annual
 stock-based compensation expense related to share-based
 arrangements existing as of December&#xA0;27
 2014 that are
 expected to vest (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 2015

 
 


 




 2016

 
 


 




 2017

 
 


 




 2018

 
 


 




 2019

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 

 Value
 




 Non-vested at December&#xA0;28
 2013

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Non-vested at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 As of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company has repurchased a
 cumulative total of approximately 10.9&#xA0;million shares of its
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately $307.4 million as follows:

 &#xA0;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 

 Price
 


 
 
 
 
 


 

 



 Repurchased at December&#xA0;31
 2011

 
 

531

 
 
 


 




 2012 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;29
 2012

 
 

696

 
 
 


 




 2013 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;28
 2013

 
 

892

 
 
 


 




 2014 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 

921

 
 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 and exercisable awards. The information that may be disclosed in this table may include
 but is not limited to
 number of shares
 weighted average exercise price
 weighted average remaining contractual life
 and aggregate intrinsic value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 



 

 The Class&#xA0;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except
 (1)&#xA0;as required by law
 (2)&#xA0;for the election of
 Class&#xA0;A Directors
 and (3)&#xA0;that the approval of the
 holders of the Class&#xA0;A Common Stock is required for
 (a)&#xA0;certain future authorizations or issuances of additional
 securities which have rights senior to Class&#xA0;A Common Stock
 (b)&#xA0;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&#xA0;A
 or Class B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of
 Organization of the Company
 (c)&#xA0;other amendments of the
 Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&#xA0;certain mergers
 or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and
 (e)&#xA0;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the
 Company&#x2019;s assets.

 

 The Class B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the
 right to (1)&#xA0;elect a majority of the members of the
 Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors and (2)&#xA0;approve all
 (a)&#xA0;amendments to the Company&#x2019;s Articles of
 Organization
 (b)&#xA0;mergers or consolidations with
 or
 acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&#xA0;sales or dispositions of
 any significant portion of the Company&#x2019;s assets
 and
 (d)&#xA0;equity-based and other executive compensation and other
 significant corporate matters. The Company&#x2019;s Class B Common
 Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class B Common Stock
 is freely convertible into one share of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock
 upon request of any Class&#xA0;B holder
 and participates equally
 in earnings.

 All distributions with respect to the Company&#x2019;s capital stock
 are restricted by the Company&#x2019;s credit agreement
 with the
 exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former employees of non-vested investment shares of
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock issued under the Company&#x2019;s equity
 incentive plan
 redemption of certain shares of Class&#xA0;A Common
 Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash
 dividends to its holders of common stock.

 

 The Company&#x2019;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the
 &#x201C;Equity Plan&#x201D;) currently provides for the grant of
 discretionary options and restricted stock awards to employees
 and
 provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a
 discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The
 Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the
 Company
 based on recommendations received from the Compensation
 Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee
 consists of three independent directors. In determining the
 quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation
 Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the
 Company&#x2019;s compensation system and takes into account the
 position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the
 nature and value to the Company of his or her service and
 accomplishments
 his or her present and potential contributions to
 the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the
 employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems
 relevant.

 Stock options and related vesting requirements and terms are
 granted at the Board of Directors&#x2019; discretion
 but generally
 vest ratably over five-year periods and
 with respect to certain
 options granted to members of senior management
 based on the
 Company&#x2019;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual
 term of stock options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors
 may grant options that exceed the ten-year term. During fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company granted options to purchase 7
090
 40
925 and 42
600 shares
 respectively
 of its Class&#xA0;A Common
 Stock to employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the 2014
 option grants
 all shares relate to performance-based option
 grants. Of the 2013 option grants
 10
925 shares relate to
 performance-based option grants
 15
000 shares relate to a
 long-term performance-based option
 and 15
000 shares relate to
 special long-term service-based retention stock options. Of the
 2012 option grants
 11
100 shares relate to performance-based
 option grants and 31
500 shares relate to special long-term
 service-based retention stock options. The number of shares that
 will vest under the performance-based options depends on the level
 of performance targets attained on various dates.

 On January&#xA0;1
 2015
 the Company granted options to purchase an
 aggregate of 18
723 shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock with a weighted average fair value of $130.43 per
 share
 of which 14
742 shares relate to performance-based option
 grants and 3
981 relate to special long-term service-based
 retention stock options.

 Restricted stock awards are also granted at the Board of
 Directors&#x2019; discretion. During fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the
 Company granted 16
432
 11
987
 and 16
375 shares
 respectively
 of
 restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees
 most of which are service-based and generally vest
 ratably over service periods of five years.

 The Equity Plan also has an investment share program which permits
 employees who have been with the Company for at least one year to
 purchase shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock at a discount from
 current market value of 0% to 40%
 based on the employee&#x2019;s
 tenure with the Company. Investment shares vest ratably over
 service periods of five years. Participants may pay for these
 shares either up front or through payroll deductions over an
 eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 employees elected to purchase an aggregate of
 8
516
 12
894
 and 13
360 investment shares
 respectively.

 On January&#xA0;1
 2015
 the Company granted 6
092 shares of
 restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees of which 5
402 shares vest ratably over service periods
 of five years and 690 shares vest ratably over service periods of
 three years. On January&#xA0;1
 2015
 employees elected to purchase
 8
313 shares under the investment share program.

 The Company has reserved 6.0&#xA0;million shares of Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Equity Plan
 of which
 0.8&#xA0;million shares were available for grant as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014. Shares reserved for issuance under
 cancelled employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are
 returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
 purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares
 from employees who have left the Company; these shares are also
 returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
 purchases.

 

 The Company has a stock option plan for non-employee directors of
 the Company (the &#x201C;Non-Employee Director Plan&#x201D;)
 pursuant to which each non-employee director of the Company is
 granted an option to purchase shares of the Company&#x2019;s
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock upon election or re-election to the Board
 of Directors. Stock options issued to non-employee directors vest
 upon grant and have a maximum contractual term of ten years. During
 fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 the Company granted options to purchase
 an aggregate of 6
696
 9
864
 and 17
367 shares of the
 Company&#x2019;s Class&#xA0;A Common Stock to non-employee
 directors
 respectively.

 The Company has reserved 550
000 shares of Class&#xA0;A Common
 Stock for issuance pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Plan
 of
 which 108
573 shares were available for grant as of
 December&#xA0;27
 2014. Cancelled non-employee directors&#x2019;
 stock options are returned to the reserve under the Non-Employee
 Director Plan for future grants.

 

 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 Non-Employee Director Plan is summarized as follows:

 &#xA0;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 Price
 
 
 



 in Years
 
 
 


 (in&#xA0;thousands)
 

 



 Outstanding at December&#xA0;28
 2013

 
 

679

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expired

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Outstanding at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 

380

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Exercisable at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Vested and expected to vest at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 

331

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 Of the total options outstanding at December&#xA0;27
 2014
 204
565
 shares were performance-based options.

 

 On January&#xA0;1
 2008
 the Company granted the Chief Executive
 Officer an option to purchase 753
864 shares of its Class&#xA0;A
 Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on
 January&#xA0;1
 2014
 at the rate of 20%&#xA0;per year. The
 exercise price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by the aggregate
 change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after January&#xA0;1
 2008 through the close of business on the trading date next
 preceding each date on which the option is exercised. The exercise
 price will not be less than $37.65 per share and the excess of the
 fair value of the Company&#x2019;s Class&#xA0;A Common Stock cannot
 exceed $70 per share over the exercise price. At December&#xA0;27
 2014 and December&#xA0;28
 2013
 603
092 shares and 753
864 shares
 of the stock option remained outstanding
 respectively. If the
 outstanding shares at December&#xA0;27
 2014 were exercised on that
 date
 the exercise price would have been $225.74 per share. If the
 outstanding shares at December&#xA0;28
 2013 were exercised on that
 date
 the exercise price would have been $172.10 per share.
 Reflected in the table above is the minimum exercise price of
 $37.65. The Company is accounting for this award as a market-based
 award which was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing
 model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award
 and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under
 the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated
 the weighted average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded
 stock-based compensation expense of $0.7
 $1.0
 and $0.8
 million
 related to this option in the fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.

 &#xA0;

 

 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income:

 &#xA0;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 



 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Amounts related to performance-based stock options included in
 total stock-based compensation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as
 the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of
 stock options. The Company believes that the Black-Scholes
 option-pricing model is less effective than the binomial
 option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it assumes
 that volatility and interest rates are constant over the life of
 the option. In addition
 the Company believes that the binomial
 option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair value of its
 stock awards
 as it takes into account historical employee exercise
 patterns based on changes in the Company&#x2019;s stock price and
 other relevant variables. The weighted-average fair value of stock
 options granted during 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $106.81
 $60.99
 and
 $45.03 per share
 respectively
 as calculated using a binomial
 option-pricing model.

 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:

 &#xA0;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 Expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividends

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercise factor

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount for post-vesting restrictions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 Expected volatility is based on the Company&#x2019;s historical
 realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate represents the
 implied yields available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield
 curve over the contractual term of the option when using the
 binomial model. Expected dividend yield is 0% because the Company
 has not paid dividends in the past and currently has no known
 intention to do so in the future. Exercise factor and discount for
 post-vesting restrictions are based on the Company&#x2019;s
 historical experience.

 Fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the
 Company&#x2019;s traded stock price on the date of the grants. Fair
 value of investment shares is calculated using the binomial
 option-pricing model.

 The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in
 recognizing stock-based compensation expense for awards that vest
 based on service conditions. For awards that vest subject to
 performance conditions
 compensation expense is recognized ratably
 for each tranche of the award over the performance period if it is
 probable that performance conditions will be met.

 Under ASC 718
 compensation expense is recognized less estimated
 forfeitures. Because most of the Company&#x2019;s equity awards vest
 each year
 the
 Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to
 those awards
 net of actual forfeitures. For equity awards that do
 not vest on January&#xA0;1
 the estimated
 forfeiture rate used was 5.3%. The forfeiture rate was based upon
 historical experience and the Company periodically reviews this
 rate to ensure proper projection of future forfeitures.

 &#xA0;

 The total fair value of options vested during 2014
 2013 and 2012
 was $3.8 million
 $4.7 million and $2.0 million
 respectively. The
 aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $45.8 million
 $12.5 million and $20.9 million
 respectively.

 Based on equity awards outstanding as of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 there is $11.8 million of unrecognized compensation costs
 net of
 estimated forfeitures
 related to unvested share-based compensation
 arrangements that are expected to vest. Such costs are expected to
 be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years. The
 following table summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based
 compensation expense related to share-based arrangements existing
 as of December&#xA0;27
 2014 that are expected to vest (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 2015

 
 


 




 2016

 
 


 




 2017

 
 


 




 2018

 
 


 




 2019

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 

 

 In addition
 as of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 there were $0.5 million
 of unrecognized compensation costs associated with a certain stock
 award with vesting requirements based on the achievement of various
 performance targets. Through December&#xA0;27
 2014
 $0.1 million
 of compensation expense was recognized for this performance-based
 award based on the portion of the performance targets that the
 Company estimated to be probable.

 

 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:

 &#xA0;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 

 Value
 

 



 Non-vested at December&#xA0;28
 2013

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Non-vested at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 On October&#xA0;9
 2014
 the Board of Directors of the Company
 increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the Company&#x2019;s
 Stock Repurchase Program by $25.0 million
 thereby increasing the
 limit from $325.0 million to $350.0 million.

 &#xA0;

 As of December&#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company has repurchased a
 cumulative total of approximately 10.9&#xA0;million shares of its
 Class&#xA0;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately $307.4 million as follows:

 &#xA0;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 

 Price
 


 
 
 
 
 


 

 



 Repurchased at December&#xA0;31
 2011

 
 

531

 
 
 


 




 2012 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;29
 2012

 
 

696

 
 
 


 




 2013 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;28
 2013

 
 

892

 
 
 


 




 2014 repurchases

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Repurchased at December&#xA0;27
 2014

 
 

921

 
 
 


 


 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













