

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-17-000650
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161028
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170113
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIDGFORD FOODS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000014177
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				951778176
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1103
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-02396
		FILM NUMBER:		17527857
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 N PATT ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3773
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7145265533
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 NORTH PATT STREET
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3773
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92803
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRIDGFORD PACKING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670307














Washington
 D.C. 20549








For the fiscal year ended October 28
 2016
























Anaheim
 California 92801


(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code)&nbsp;&nbsp; 





Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)&nbsp;of the Act: Common Stock
 par value $1.00 per share
 the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp; &#9744;

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &#9746;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9746;
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K. &#9746;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):












The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on April 15
 2016 was $20
069
000.

As of January 13
 2017
 there were&nbsp;9
076
832 shares of common stock outstanding.

Portions of the registrant&#8217;s Proxy Statement for the registrant&#8217;s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held March 8
 2017 are incorporated by reference into Part&nbsp;III
 Items 10-14 of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K.
































































Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

















































Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 














Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 






































This Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K (&#8220;Report&#8221;)&nbsp;contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section&nbsp;27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section&nbsp;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Bridgford Foods Corporation intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. Readers are cautioned that such statements
 which may be identified by words including &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; and similar expressions
 are only predictions or estimations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 statements regarding the following: general economic and business conditions; the impact of competitive product and pricing; success of operating initiatives; development and operating costs; advertising and promotional efforts; adverse publicity; acceptance of new product offerings; consumer trial and frequency; changes in business strategy or development plans; availability
 terms and deployment of capital; availability of qualified personnel; commodity
 labor
 and employee benefit costs; changes in
 or failure to comply with
 government regulations; weather conditions; construction schedules; relationships with customers and suppliers;&nbsp;and other factors referenced in this Report.

The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding our business
 which involve judgments with respect to
 among other things
 future economic and competitive conditions
 and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as representation by us or any other person that the objectives or plans of our company will be achieved. The forward-looking statements contained herein speak as of the date of this Report and we undertake no obligation to update such statements after the date hereof.



Bridgford Foods Corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries
 &#8220;Bridgford&#8221;
 the &#8220;Company&#8221;
 &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;)
 a California corporation
 was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. Currently
 we and our subsidiaries are primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen and snack food products throughout the United States.&nbsp;We have&nbsp;not been involved in any bankruptcy
 receivership
 or similar proceedings since inception nor have we been party to any merger
 acquisition
 etc. or acquired or disposed of any material amounts of assets during the past five years. Substantially all of our assets have been acquired in the ordinary course of business. 



At the end of Fiscal year 2014
 we ceased refrigerated snack food product distribution because of continued net losses. 

The following table shows sales
 as a percentage of consolidated sales
 for each&nbsp;business segment&nbsp;during the last two fiscal years:



















































We manufacture all of our food products and distribute an extensive line of biscuits
 bread dough items
 roll dough items
 dry sausage products and beef jerky. Our direct store delivery network consists of non-refrigerated snack food products. Our frozen food products division serves both food service and retail customers.







Although we have recently introduced several new products
 most of these products have not contributed significantly to our revenue growth for the&nbsp;fiscal year 2016. Our sales are not subject to material seasonal variations. Historically we have been able to respond quickly to the receipt of orders and
 accordingly
 do not maintain a significant sales backlog. Neither&nbsp;Bridgford Foods Corporation&nbsp;nor its industry generally&nbsp;has unusual demands or restrictions on working capital items. During the last fiscal year we did not enter into any new markets or any significant contractual or other material relationships.



We maintain an Internet website at http://www.bridgford.com.&nbsp;&nbsp;Available on this website
 free of charge
 are annual reports on Form&nbsp;10-K
 quarterly reports on Form&nbsp;10-Q
 and reports filed under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our Code of Conduct is also available on the website.



Our products are delivered to customers using several distinct distribution channels.&nbsp;&nbsp;The distribution channel utilized is dependent upon the needs of our customers
 the most efficient proximity to the delivery point
 trade customs
 operating segment as well as product type
 life and stability.&nbsp;&nbsp;Among our customers are many of the country&#8217;s largest broadline and specialty food service distributors. These and other large end purchasers occasionally go through extensive qualification procedures and&nbsp;our manufacturing capabilities are subjected to thorough review by the end purchasers prior to our approval as a vendor. Large end purchasers typically select suppliers that can consistently meet increased volume requirements on a national basis during peak promotional periods. We believe that our&nbsp;manufacturing flexibility
 national presence
 and long-standing customer relationships should allow us to compete effectively with other manufacturers seeking to provide similar products to our current large food service end purchasers
 although no assurances can be given.

The factors that contribute to higher or lower margins generated from each method of distribution depend upon the accepted selling price
 level of involvement by our employees in setting up and maintaining displays
 distance traveled and fuel consumed by our company-owned fleet as well as freight and shipping costs depending on the distance the product travels to the delivery point.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management is continually evaluating the profitability of product delivery methods
 analyzing alternate methods and weighing economic inputs to determine the most efficient and cost effective method of delivery to fulfill the needs of our customers.





Our frozen food products&nbsp;division serves both food service and retail customers. We sell approximately 130 unique frozen food products through approximately 1
175 wholesalers
 cooperatives and distributors.&nbsp;



The food service industry is composed of establishments that serve food outside the home and includes restaurants
 the food operations of health care providers
 schools
 hotels
 resorts
 corporations
 and other traditional and non-traditional food service outlets. Growth in this industry has been driven by the increase in away-from-home meal preparation
 which has accompanied the expanding number of both dual income and single-parent households. Another trend within the food service industry is the growth in the number of non-traditional food service outlets such as convenience stores
 retail stores
 and supermarkets. These non-traditional locations often lack extensive cooking
 storage
 or preparation facilities resulting in a need for pre-cooked and prepared foods similar to those we provide. The expansion in the food service industry has also been accompanied by the continued consolidation and growth of broadline and specialty food service distributors
 many of which are long-standing customers.



The majority of our existing and targeted retail customers are involved in the resale of branded and private label packaged foods. The same trends which have contributed to the increase in away-from-home meal preparation have also fueled the growth&nbsp;in easy to prepare
 microwaveable frozen and refrigerated convenience foods. Among the fastest growing segments is the frozen and refrigerated hand-held foods market. This growth has been driven by improved product quality and variety and the increasing need for inexpensive and healthy food items that require minimal preparation. Despite rapid growth
 many categories of frozen and refrigerated hand-held foods have achieved minimal household penetration.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe we have been successful in establishing and maintaining supply relationships with certain selected leading retailers in this market.









Our frozen food business covers the United States.&nbsp;&nbsp;Products produced by the Frozen Food Products segment are generally supplied to food service and retail distributors who take title to the product upon shipment receipt through company leased long-haul vehicles.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition to regional sales managers
 we maintain a network of independent food service and retail brokers covering most of the United States. Brokers are compensated on a commission basis. We believe that our broker relationships
 in close cooperation with our regional sales managers
 are a valuable asset providing significant new product and customer opportunities. Regional sales managers perform several significant functions for us
 including identifying and developing new business opportunities and providing customer service and support to our distributors and end purchasers through the effective use of our broker network.





During fiscal year 2016
 our snack food products division sold approximately 110 different items through customer owned distribution centers and a direct store delivery network serving approximately 15
000 supermarkets
 mass merchandise and convenience retail stores located in 49 states. 









Snack food products are distributed across the United States. Regional sales managers perform several significant functions including identifying and developing new business opportunities and providing customer service and support to our customers. We also utilize the services of brokers
 where appropriate
 to support efficient product distribution and customer satisfaction.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



We continually monitor the consumer acceptance of each product within our extensive product line. Individual products are regularly added to and deleted from our product line. Historically
 the addition or deletion of any individual product has not had a material effect on our operations in the current fiscal year. We believe that a key factor in the success of our products is our system of carefully targeted research and testing of our products to ensure high quality and that each product matches an identified market opportunity. The emphasis in new product introductions in the past several years has been in single service items. We are constantly searching to develop new products to complement our existing product lines and improve processing techniques and formulas. We utilize an in-house test kitchen and consultants to research and experiment&nbsp;with unique food preparation methods
 improve quality control and analyze new ingredient mixtures.









Our products are sold under highly competitive conditions. All food products can be considered competitive with other food products
 but we consider our principal competitors to include national
 regional and local producers and distributors of refrigerated
 frozen and non-refrigerated snack food products. Several of our competitors include large companies with substantially greater financial and marketing resources than ours. Existing competitors may broaden their product lines and potential competitors may enter or increase their focus on our market
 resulting in greater competition for us. We believe that our products compete favorably with those of our competitors. Such competitors&#8217; products compete against ours for retail shelf space
 institutional distribution and customer preference.



Our operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the United States Department of Agriculture (the &#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 and by other federal
 state
 and local authorities regarding the processing
 packaging
 storage
 transportation
 distribution
 and labeling of products that we manufacture
 produce and process.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our processing facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal
 state
 and local authorities.&nbsp;&nbsp;The USDA has issued strict regulations concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat meat and poultry products and contamination by food borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella
 and&nbsp;implemented a&nbsp;system of regulation known as the Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (&#8220;HACCP&#8221;) program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants to develop and implement sanitary operating procedures and other program requirements.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that we are currently in compliance with governmental laws and regulations and that we maintain the necessary permits and licenses relating to our meat operations.



To date
 federal
 state
 and local environmental laws and regulations
 including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment
 have not had a material effect on our business.



Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 34.8% of revenues in fiscal year&nbsp;2016 and 35.6% of total&nbsp;accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 28
 2016. Sales to Dollar General&#174; comprised 7.8% of revenues in fiscal year&nbsp;2016 and 24.5% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&#174; at October 28
 2016. Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 31.4% of revenues in fiscal year&nbsp;2015 and 42.6% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 30
 2015.



We purchase large quantities of pork
 beef
 and flour.&nbsp;&nbsp;These ingredients are generally available from a number of different suppliers although the availability of these ingredients is subject to seasonal variation.&nbsp;&nbsp;We build ingredient inventories to take advantage of downward trends in seasonal prices or anticipated supply limitations.





We had 508 employees at October 28
 2016

 we closed the refrigerated snack food products division and withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan
 terminating approximately 44 employees.









The names
 ages
 and positions of all our executive officers as of January&nbsp;15
 2017 are listed below. Messrs.&nbsp;Hugh Wm. Bridgford and Allan L. Bridgford are brothers. William L. Bridgford is the son of Hugh Wm. Bridgford and the nephew of Allan L. Bridgford. Officers are normally appointed annually by the Board of Directors at their meeting immediately following the annual meeting of shareholders. Three executive officers are full-time employees of our company. Hugh Wm. Bridgford worked 53% of full time and Allan L. Bridgford&nbsp;worked 50% of full time&nbsp;during fiscal year&nbsp;2016.



































































Chief Financial Officer
 Executive Vice President
 Treasurer and member of the Executive Committee



In addition to the other matters set forth in this Report
 the continuing operations and the price of our common stock are subject to the following risks
 each of which could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;The risks described below are only the risks that we currently believe are material to our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 additional risks not presently known
 or risks that are currently believed to be immaterial
 may also impair our business operations.

We are subject to general risks in the food industry
 including
 among other things
&nbsp;risk relating to changes in consumer preferences and product&nbsp;contamination as well as general&nbsp;economic conditions
 any of which risks
 if realized
 could negatively impact our operating results and financial position.

The food industry
 and the markets within the food industry in which we compete
 are subject to various risks
 including the following: evolving consumer preferences
 nutritional and health-related concerns
 federal
 state and local food inspection and processing controls
 consumer product liability claims
 risks of product tampering
 and the availability and expense of liability insurance. The meat and poultry industries are subject to scrutiny due to the association of meat and poultry products with recent outbreaks of illness
 and on rare occasions even death
 caused by food borne pathogens. Product recalls are sometimes required in the food industry to withdraw contaminated or mislabeled products from the market.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 the failure to identify and react appropriately to changes in consumer trends
 demands and preferences could lead to
 among other things
 reduced demand and price reduction for our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
 we may be adversely affected by changes in domestic or foreign economic conditions
 including inflation or deflation
 interest rates
 availability of capital markets
 consumer spending rates
 and energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges).&nbsp;&nbsp;These and other general risks related to the food industry
 if realized by us
 could have a significant adverse effect on demand for our products
 as well as the costs and availability of raw materials
 ingredients and packaging materials
 thereby negatively affecting our operating results and financial position.



We purchase large quantities of commodity pork
 beef
 and flour. Historically
 market prices for products we process have fluctuated in response to a number of factors
 including changes in the United States government farm support programs
 changes in international agricultural and trading policies
 weather
 and other conditions during the growing and harvesting seasons. Our operating results are heavily dependent upon the prices paid for raw materials. The marketing of our value-added products does not lend itself to instantaneous changes in selling prices. Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare with the volatility of commodity markets.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;While fluctuations in significant cost structure components
 such as ingredient commodities and fuel prices
 have had a significant impact on profitability over the last three years
 the impact of general price inflation on our financial position and results of operations has not been significant. Future volatility of general price inflation or deflation and raw material cost and availability could adversely affect our financial results.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;









Our operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the USDA
 FDA and by other federal
 state
 and local authorities regarding the processing
 packaging
 storage
 transportation
 distribution
 and labeling of products that are manufactured
 produced and processed by us. Our processing facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal
 state
 and local authorities. The USDA has issued strict&nbsp;regulations concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat meat and poultry products and contamination by food borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella
 and&nbsp;implemented a system of regulation known as the HACCP program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants to develop and implement sanitary operating procedures and other program requirements. 

A failure to obtain or a loss of necessary permits and licenses could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand and could adversely affect our operating performance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
 we are routinely subject to new or modified laws
 regulations and accounting standards.&nbsp;&nbsp;If found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
 or asset seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results.

We depend on our key management
 the loss of which could negatively impact our operations.

Our executive officers and certain other key employees have been primarily responsible for the development and expansion of our business
 and the loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could adversely affect us.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our success will be dependent in part upon our continued ability to recruit
 motivate
 and retain qualified personnel. We cannot assure that we will be successful in this regard. We have no employment or non-competition agreements with key personnel.



We could suffer significant reductions in revenues and operating incomes if we lost one or more of our largest customers
 including Wal-Mart&#174;
 which accounted for 34.8% of sales in fiscal year 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;Many of our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs
 and food distributors have consolidated in recent years.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such consolidation has produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories while demanding lower pricing and increased promotional programs. These customers also may use their shelf space for their own private label products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Failure to respond to these trends could reduce our volume and cause us to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our product lines which could adversely affect our profitability.

With more than 80% concentration of beneficial ownership of our stock held by the Bridgford family
 there are risks that they can exert significant influence or control over our corporate matters.

Members of the Bridgford family beneficially own
 in the aggregate
 more than 80% of our outstanding stock. In addition
 three members of the Bridgford family currently serve on the Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 members of the Bridgford family have the ability to exert substantial influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by our shareholders
 including amendments to by-laws
 election and removal of directors
 any proposed merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions.&nbsp;&nbsp;This concentration of ownership may also delay or prevent a change in control otherwise favored by our other shareholders and could depress our stock price. Additionally
 as a result of the Bridgford family&#8217;s significant ownership of the outstanding voting stock
 we have relied on the &#8220;controlled company&#8221; exemption from certain corporate governance requirements of the NASDAQ stock market. Therefore
 among other things
 we have elected not to implement the rule&nbsp;that provides for a nominating committee to identify and recommend nominees to the Board of Directors and have instead elected to have the full Board of Directors perform such function.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 pursuant to this exemption
 our compensation committee
 which is made up of independent directors
 does not have sole authority to determine the compensation of our executive officers
 including our Chairman of the Board.









The contribution amount may change depending upon the ability of participating companies to fund these pension liabilities as well as the actual and expected returns on pension plan assets. Should we withdraw from the union and cease participation in a union plan
 federal law could impose a penalty for additional contributions to the plan. The penalty would be recorded as an expense in the consolidated statement of operations. The ultimate amount of the withdrawal liability is dependent upon several factors including the funded status of the plan and contributions made by other participating companies. During fiscal year 2014
 we withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan and recorded an estimated pension expense and a corresponding non-current liability of $798
000 related to this plan. The amount recorded was paid in October 2015. We continue to participate in other multiemployer union plans. In the event of a full or partial withdrawal from these plans
 the impact to our financial statements could be material.



We own real property on which we operate our processing and/or our distribution operations. As is the case with any owner of real property
 we may be subject to eminent domain proceedings that can impact the value of investments we have made in real property as well as potentially disrupt our business operations. If subject to eminent domain proceedings or other government takings we may not be adequately compensated.&nbsp; 

























Anaheim
 California *











Dallas
 Texas *











Dallas
 Texas *











Dallas
 Texas *











Dallas
 Texas *











Statesville
 North Carolina *











Chicago
 Illinois **





























We utilize the foregoing properties for processing
 warehousing
 distributing and administrative purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;We also lease warehouse and/or office facilities throughout the United States through month-to-month rental agreements.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our properties are generally adequate to satisfy our foreseeable needs. Additional properties may be acquired and/or plants expanded if favorable opportunities and conditions arise.&nbsp;



No material legal proceedings were pending against us at October 28
 2016 or as of the date of filing of this Report. We are likely to be subject to claims arising from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. In certain of such actions
 plaintiffs may request punitive or other damages that may not be covered by insurance and
 accordingly
 no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of any such possible future claims or litigation or their effect on us. Any adverse litigation trends and outcomes could significantly and negatively affect our financial results.













Item 5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




































































































































































On January&nbsp;11
 2017
 the closing sale price for our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market was $11.23 per share. As of January&nbsp;11
 2017
 there were&nbsp;774 shareholders of record in our common stock.

The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our&nbsp;Board of Directors and will depend upon future earnings
 financial requirements
 and other factors.



During the period covered by this Report we did not sell or issue any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.



During fiscal year 2016
 we repurchased an aggregate of 4
455 shares of our common stock for $40
859 pursuant to our repurchase plan previously authorized by the Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following table provides information regarding our repurchases of common stock in each of the four periods comprising the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016.












































July 9
 2016 &#8211; August 5
 2016 



















August 6
 2016 &#8211; September 2
 2016



















September 3
 2016 &#8211; September 30
 2016



















October 1
 2016 &#8211; October 28
 2016

















































The periods shown are our fiscal periods during the sixteen-week quarter ended October 28
 2016. 






All repurchases reflected in the foregoing table were made on the open market.&nbsp; Our stock repurchase program was approved by the Board of Directors in November 1999 (1
500
000 shares authorized
 disclosed in a Form 10-K filed on January 26
 2000) and was expanded in June 2005 (500
000 additional shares authorized
 disclosed in a press release and Form 8-K filed&nbsp;on June 17
 2005).&nbsp; Under the stock repurchase program
 we are authorized
 at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors
 to purchase up to an aggregate of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock on the open market.&nbsp; Our Stock Purchase Plan (&#8220;Purchase Plan&#8221;) is administered by Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (&#8220;CGM&#8221;) for purchase of shares of common stock (&#8220;Stock&#8221;) issued by us in compliance with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;).&nbsp; Commencing on October 15
 2016 and continuing through and including October 14
 2017
 CGM shall act as our exclusive agent to purchase Stock under the Purchase Plan.&nbsp; This Purchase Plan supplements any purchases of stock by us &#8220;outside&#8221; of the Purchase Plan
 which may occur from time to time
 in open market transactions pursuant to Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The daily purchase quantity is defined as a number of shares up to
 but not to exceed
 each day&#8217;s applicable Rule 10b-18 maximum volume limit (i.e. 25% of the prior four calendar weeks&#8217; average daily trading volume); however
 once per week a block of stock may be purchased that exceeds the Rule 10b-18 average daily trading volume condition
 provided that no other Purchase Plan purchases are made on any day on&nbsp;which such a block is purchased.&nbsp; As of October 28
 2016
 the total maximum number of shares that may be purchased under the Purchase Plan is 120
113 at a purchase price not to exceed $10.00 per share for a total maximum aggregate price (exclusive of commission) of $1
201
130.













For a complete understanding
 this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Report.

Certain statements under &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and elsewhere in this Report constitute &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors which may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of Bridgford Foods Corporation to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include
 among others
 the following: general economic and business conditions; the impact of competitive products and pricing; success of operating initiatives; development and operating costs; advertising and promotional efforts; adverse publicity; acceptance of new product offerings; consumer trial and frequency; changes in business strategy or development plans; availability
 terms and deployment of capital; availability of qualified personnel; commodity
 labor
 and employee benefit costs; changes in
 or failure to comply with
 government regulations; weather conditions; construction schedules; and other factors referenced in this Report.&nbsp;




Fiscal Year Ended October 28
 2016 (52 weeks) Compared to Fiscal Year Ended October 30
 2015 (52 weeks)



Net sales in fiscal year&nbsp;2016 increased&nbsp;$9
615 (7.4%) when compared to the prior year.&nbsp;&nbsp;The changes in net sales&nbsp;were comprised as follows:










































































Net sales in the Frozen Food Products segment in fiscal year&nbsp;2016 decreased $3
960 (-7.8%) compared to the prior year.&nbsp; The changes in net sales were comprised as follows:














































































Net sales&nbsp;in the Snack Food Products segment in fiscal year&nbsp;2016 increased $13
575 (17.0%) compared to the prior year. The changes in net sales were comprised as follows:



















































































Cost of products sold from continuing operations increased by $1
271 (1.5%) compared to the&nbsp;prior year. Overhead spending increased due to significant increases in pension
 workers&#8217; compensation
 facility repairs and hourly wages. The Company&#8217;s pension cost increased due to a lower discount rate compared to the prior fiscal year. The Company's lower&nbsp;workers' compensation benefits cost from last year was due to a change in the&nbsp;accounting estimate of&nbsp;future liabilities which did not reoccur this fiscal year. The main driver of the increase in cost of goods sold was higher sales volume in the Snack Food Products segment. Decreases in meat commodity costs year to date partially offset the increase in cost of products sold as described in the segment analysis below. The gross margin increased from 35.9% to 39.4% during fiscal year 2016.













































































Cost of products sold in the Frozen Food Products segment decreased by $1
101 (-3.6%) to $29
271 in fiscal year 2016&nbsp;compared to the prior year. Lower unit volume and to a lesser extent lower flour commodity costs of approximately $575 were the primary contributing factors to this decrease. The gross margin percentage decreased from 39.9% to 37.2% during fiscal year 2016 compared to the prior fiscal year.



Cost of products sold in the Snack Food Products segment increased by $2
372 (4.5%) compared to the prior year due primarily to higher sales volume which was partially offset by lower meat commodity costs. The cost of significant meat commodities decreased approximately $5
760 during fiscal year&nbsp;2016 compared to the prior year. The gross margin earned in this segment increased from 33.4% to 40.5% during fiscal year 2016 primarily as a result of lower meat commodity costs.

Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses-Consolidated

Selling
 general and administrative expenses (SG&amp;A)&nbsp;in fiscal year&nbsp;2016 increased $5
626 (14.5%) when compared to the prior year.&nbsp;&nbsp;The&nbsp;increase in this category did not directly correspond to the change in sales.

















October 28





October 30
 












































































































































































































































Higher profits and profit sharing accruals resulted in increased wages and bonus in fiscal year 2016&nbsp;compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in pension cost was due to lower discount rates
 a revision to the expected return on plan assets and an adverse change in mortality tables. Costs for product advertising increased mainly as a result of higher payments under brand licensing agreements in the Snack Food Products segment during fiscal 2016. Outside consulting costs increased due to higher real estate advisory and entitlement related services&nbsp;as well as&nbsp;other related legal fees. Workers&#8217; compensation costs increased due to a change in accounting estimate that occurred in the prior fiscal year that did not reoccur in the current fiscal year. Healthcare expenses decreased due to a change in accounting estimate. The decrease in fuel expense was driven by per gallon fuel price decreases compared to the prior year as a result of lower cost trends in petroleum markets. The increase in outside storage and travel were a direct result of the increase in sales volume. The reserve for doubtful accounts was lowered due to favorable collection activity. Insurance expense decreased due to favorable market conditions
 a change in coverage levels and favorable claims experience. The major components comprising the increase of &#8220;Other SG&amp;A&#8221; expenses were higher repairs and maintenance and utility expense. 


Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses-Frozen Food Products Segment

SG&amp;A expenses in the Frozen Food Products segment decreased by $148 (-1.0%) to $14
477 during fiscal year 2016 compared to the prior fiscal year. The overall decrease in SG&amp;A expenses was mainly due to lower sales volume and as a result lower indirect selling expenses including a reduction in wages
 bonus and broker commissions.&nbsp;

Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses-Refrigerated and Snack Food Products Segment

SG&amp;A expenses in the Snack Food Products segment increased by $5
774 (23.9%) to $29
900 during fiscal year 2016 compared to the prior fiscal year. Most of the increase was due to higher sales and higher wages and bonus and increased payments under product licensing fees.



The effective income tax rate was 28.3% and -89.8% in fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;In fiscal year 2016
 the effective income tax rate differed from the applicable mixed statutory rate of approximately 37.7% primarily due to the Domestic Production Activities Deduction and a change in the liability on unrecognized benefits related to research and development tax credits (refer to Note 4 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information).&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2015 tax benefit of $7
323 related primarily to the reversal of the valuation allowance partially offset by income tax expense on book income. 




The principal source of our operating cash flow is cash receipts from the sale of our products
 net of costs to manufacture
 store
 market and deliver to customers. The Company did not borrow on the line of credit during fiscal 2016. There were no borrowings outstanding under this line of credit as of October 28
 2016. The Company was in compliance with all loan covenants except the capital expenditure maximum which was subsequently waived in a letter dated December 19
 2016. We typically fund our operations from cash balances and cash flow generated from operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;We normally expect positive operating cash flows in the first quarter of our fiscal year from the liquidation of inventory and accounts receivable balances related to holiday season sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;We typically build inventories in the third quarter for anticipated promotional sales that occur in the fourth and first quarters.&nbsp;&nbsp;Anticipated commodity price trends may also affect cash balances.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain commodities may be purchased in advance of our immediate needs to lower the ultimate cost of processing or to meet customer demand.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


































































































Loss (gain) on sale of property
 plant and equipment











Deferred income taxes
 net





















































For the fifty-two weeks ended October 28
 2016
 net cash&nbsp;provided by&nbsp;operating activities was $4
527
 a decrease of $2
933 compared to the&nbsp;fifty-two weeks ended October 30
 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;The decrease is primarily related to payment of income taxes of $4
267&nbsp;and an increase in inventory levels in the Snack Food Product segment. During fiscal year 2016
 we funded $1
150 towards our defined benefit pension plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Plan funding strategies may be adjusted depending upon economic conditions
 investment options
 tax deductibility
 or legislative changes in funding requirements. 

Our cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory and trade receivables less days of trade payables outstanding) was equal to 89 days for the fifty-two weeks ended October 28
 2016 and 79 days for the fifty-two weeks ended October 30
 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company increased payment terms to certain large customers during fiscal year 2016 which increased our cash conversion cycle. 

For the fifty-two weeks ended October 28
 2015
 net cash provided by operating activities was $7
460.&nbsp;&nbsp;This result was primarily related to net income. During fiscal year 2015
 we funded $1
157 towards our defined benefit pension plan.






















Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment










Additions to property
 plant and equipment




























Expenditures for property
 plant and equipment include the acquisition of equipment
 upgrading of facilities to maintain operating efficiency and investments in cost effective technologies to lower costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;In general
 we capitalize the cost of additions and improvements and expense the cost for repairs and maintenance.&nbsp;&nbsp;We may also capitalize costs related to improvements that extend the life
 increase the capacity
 or improve the efficiency of existing machinery and equipment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Specifically
 capitalization of upgrades of facilities to maintain operating efficiency include acquisitions of machinery and equipment used on packaging lines and refrigeration equipment used to process food products.&nbsp;

The table below highlights the additions to property
 plant and equipment for the fifty-two weeks ended:&nbsp;












October 28
 




October 30
 








































































































Additions to property
 plant and equipment











































































Our stock repurchase program was approved by the Board of Directors in November 1999 and was expanded in June 2005.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the stock repurchase program
 we are authorized
 at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors
 to purchase up to an aggregate of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock on the open market.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of the end of fiscal year 2016
 120
113 shares were still authorized for repurchase under the program.&nbsp;&nbsp;

We invested in OTR (over-the-road) tractors during fiscal year&nbsp;2012 financed by a capital lease obligation in the amount of $1
848.&nbsp;&nbsp;After reevaluating our fleet delivery needs
 we returned six OTR tractors financed by the capital lease arrangement with a remaining liability of $656 and $69 during the second quarter of fiscal year&nbsp;2015 and third quarter of fiscal year&nbsp;2016
 respectively. The total capital lease obligation remaining as of October 28
 2016 is $553.&nbsp;&nbsp;The capital lease arrangement replaced the long-standing month-to-month leases of transportation equipment.

We maintain a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. that expires on March 1
 2018. Under the terms of this line of credit
 we may borrow up to $4
000 at an interest rate equal to the bank&#8217;s prime rate or Libor plus 1.75%. The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth
 a minimum quick ratio
 a minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures of less than $3
000.&nbsp;We were in compliance with all loan covenants as of October 28
 2016
 except the capital expenditure maximum
 which was subsequently waived in a letter dated December 19
 2016. There have been no borrowings under this line of credit during fiscal year 2016. 



Our operating results are heavily dependent upon the prices paid for raw materials.&nbsp;&nbsp;The marketing of our value-added products does not lend itself to instantaneous changes in selling prices.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare with the volatility of commodity markets.&nbsp;&nbsp;While fluctuations in significant cost structure components
 such as ingredient commodities and fuel prices
 have had a significant impact on profitability over the last two fiscal years
 the impact of general price inflation on our financial position and results of operations has not been significant.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 future volatility of general price inflation or deflation and raw material cost and availability could adversely affect our financial results.









We have remained free of interest bearing debt (excluding capital leases) for&nbsp;twenty-eight of the last twenty-nine&nbsp;years (with fiscal year&nbsp;2014 being the only exception) and had no other debt or other contractual obligations within the meaning of Item 303(a)(5) of Regulation S-K
&nbsp;as of October 28
 2016.



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for self-insured workers&#8217; compensation
 employee healthcare and pension benefits are especially subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts not originally estimated.&nbsp;&nbsp;We record promotions
 returns allowances
 bad debt and inventory&nbsp;allowances based on recent and historical trends. Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the time.

Disclosure concerning our policies on credit risk
 revenue recognition
 cash surrender or contract value for life insurance policies
 deferred income tax and the recoverability of our long-lived assets are provided in Notes 1 and 4 of Notes&nbsp;to the Consolidated Financial Statements.









Various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements
 interpretations and exposure drafts. For information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact
 if any
 on our financial position or results of operations
 see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.























Our management
 with the participation and under the supervision of our Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule&nbsp;13a-15(e))&nbsp;&nbsp;as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on this evaluation
 the Chairman and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report in their design and operation to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 and&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s rules&nbsp;and forms to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

Our management
 including our Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within&nbsp;the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the control.

The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time
 a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

We maintain and evaluate a system of internal accounting controls
 and a program designed to provide reasonable assurance that our assets are protected and that transactions are performed in accordance with proper authorization
 and are properly recorded. This system of internal accounting controls is continually reviewed and modified in response to evolving business conditions and operations and to recommendations made by our independent registered public accounting firm.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have established a code of conduct.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our management believes that the accounting and internal control systems provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and financial information is reliable.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly with our financial management and counsel
 and with the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us.&nbsp;&nbsp;Internal accounting controls and the quality of financial reporting are discussed during these meetings. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm matters required to be discussed by Statement of Auditing Standards No.&nbsp;16 (Communication with Audit Committees). In addition
 the Audit Committee and the independent registered public accounting firm have discussed the independent registered public accounting firm&#8217;s independence from our Company and its management
 including the matters in the written disclosures required by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526 &#8220;Communicating with Audit Committees Concerning Independence&#8221;.



There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter covered by this Report that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



In order to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Act&#8221;)
 we have undertaken and continue a comprehensive effort
 which includes the documentation and review of our internal controls. In order to comply with the Act
 we centralized most accounting and many administrative functions at our corporate headquarters in an effort to control the cost of maintaining our control systems.

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 signed into law by the President on July 21
 2010
 permanently exempts small public companies with less than $75 million in market capitalization
 such as the Company
&nbsp;from the requirement to obtain an external audit on the effectiveness of internal financial reporting controls provided in Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result
 an attestation report on internal controls over financial reporting by an independent registered public accounting firm has not been presented. Section 404(a) is still effective for smaller public companies and requires the disclosure of management attestations on internal controls over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;











Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting based&nbsp;on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) and related illustrative documents as an update to Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992). Management has determined that the 17 principles are present and functioning during&nbsp;its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls.&nbsp;Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for our fiscal year ended October 28
 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on management&#8217;s assessment and the above-referenced criteria
 management believes that the internal control over financial reporting for our fiscal year ended October 28
 2016 was effective.













Item&nbsp;10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not late than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 28
 2016

 Item 1&nbsp;of this Report&nbsp;under the heading &#8220;Executive Officers of the Registrant&#8221;.



The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not late than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 28
 2016
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 



The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not late than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 28
 2016
 and is incorporated herein by reference.



Not applicable
 as we do not have any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.

Item&nbsp;13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not late than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 28
 2016
 and is incorporated herein by reference.

We are considered a &#8220;controlled company&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 5615(c)(1) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules based on our approximate 80% beneficial ownership of&nbsp;&nbsp;our outstanding common stock by Bridgford Industries Incorporated and are therefore exempted from various NASDAQ Listing&nbsp;Rules pertaining to certain &#8220;independence&#8221; requirements of our directors. Nevertheless
 the Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Andrews
 Ross
 and Scott
 who together comprise the Audit Committee
 are all &#8220;independent directors&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ Listing Rules.

Our general legal counsel is the son of the former senior chairman of the Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;As legal counsel to the board
 he currently is paid a fee of two thousand dollars&nbsp;for each meeting attended. Total fees paid under this arrangement for fiscal year 2016 were approximately twenty thousand dollars. Legal services are performed on our behalf and billed by a firm in which he is a partner.&nbsp;&nbsp;Total fees billed under this arrangement for fiscal year 2016 were approximately $160
000.

Director Allan Bridgford Jr.
 son of the former senior chairman of the Board of Directors
 is providing consulting services to the Chicago plant and management.&nbsp;&nbsp;The contract on behalf of the Company with Allan Bridgford Jr. is for consulting services at&nbsp;$1
200 per day.&nbsp;&nbsp;Total fees billed under this arrangement for fiscal year 2016 were approximately $139
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a member of the board of directors
 he was paid a fee of&nbsp;$2
000&nbsp;for each meeting attended during fiscal year&nbsp;2016. Total fees paid under this arrangement for fiscal year 2016 were $19
900. Under a new arrangement with Allan Bridgford Jr.
 we accrued approximately $547
000 of profit sharing based on&nbsp;fiscal year&nbsp;2016 profitability to be paid out in three installments&nbsp;equally over the next three years.

Real estate consultant and Board member Keith Ross currently provides consulting services to the board and management. He was paid a fee of&nbsp;$2
000 for each board meeting attended and&nbsp;$550 for each audit committee meeting attended&nbsp;during fiscal year&nbsp;2016 for a total of $11
250 during fiscal year 2016. Total fees paid during fiscal year 2016 for consulting services were $257
000.




The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not late than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 28
 2016
 and is incorporated herein by reference.&nbsp;































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015




Consolidated Statements of Operations for years ended October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015




Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income&nbsp;for years ended October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015




Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#8217; Equity for years ended&nbsp;October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015




Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015































Restated Articles of Incorporation
 dated December 29
 1989 (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).






Amendment to Articles of Incorporation
 dated July 27
 1990 (filed as Exhibit 3.6 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).






By-laws
 as amended (filed as Exhibit 2 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).






Certificate of Amendment to By-laws (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K on October 10
 2007 and incorporated herein by reference).






Bridgford Foods Corporation Defined Benefit Pension Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*






Bridgford Foods Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*






Bridgford Foods Corporation Deferred Compensation Savings Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*




















Certification of Principal Executive Officer
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






Certification of Principal Financial Officer
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Executive Officer).






Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Financial Officer).














































* Each of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract
 compensatory plan or arrangement.









Pursuant to the requirements of Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



































Date: January 13
 2017



We
 the undersigned directors and officers of Bridgford Foods Corporation
 do hereby constitute and appoint William L. Bridgford and Raymond F. Lancy
 or either of them
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 our true and lawful attorneys and agents
 to do any and all acts and things in our name and behalf in our capacities as directors and officers and to execute any and all instruments for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below
 which said attorneys and agents
 or either of them
 or their substitutes
 may deem necessary or advisable to enable said corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and any rules
 regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
 including specifically
 but without limitation
 power and authority to sign for us or any of us in our names and in the capacities indicated below
 any and all amendments; and we do hereby ratify and confirm all that the said attorneys and agents
 or either of them
 shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 


































January 13
 2017
































January 13
 2017
































January 13
 2017




























Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President
 



January 13
 2017
































January 13
 2017
































January 13
 2017
































January 13
 2017
































January 13
 2017























We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the Company) as of October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for the years then ended.&nbsp;These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Bridgford Foods Corporation as of October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015 and the results of its consolidated operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.



Newport Beach
 California
January 13
 2017









October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015
(in thousands
 except share and&nbsp;per share amounts)

















































Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $17 and $146
 respectively and promotional allowances of $2
271 and $3
061
 respectively












Inventories
 less reserves of $308
 and $381
 respectively














































Property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $62
330 and $60
454
 respectively
































































































Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses































































































Contingencies and commitments (Notes 3
 5 and 6)































Preferred stock
 without par value Authorized
 - 1
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; none










Common stock
 $1.00 par value Authorized
 - 20
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; 9
076 and 9
080
























































































For the fiscal years ended October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015
(in thousands
 except share and&nbsp;per share amounts)



































































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses





















































































































077





098













For the fiscal&nbsp;years ended October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015











































































































Other comprehensive (loss)
 before taxes















































Change in other comprehensive (loss)
 net of tax
























Comprehensive income
 net of tax













For the fiscal years ended October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015







































Balance
 October 31
 2014




























































































































Balance
 October 30
 2015




























































































































Balance
 October 28
 2016










































For the fiscal&nbsp;years ended October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015









































































7
770







15
442





























3
043







3
050





































2
749




Loss (gain) on sale of property
 plant and equipment

















Deferred income taxes
 net





(1
034







3
171

















(10
848





























(2
587







(7
090










(4
104







1
315



































































(2
002












Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses





(1
114





































1
105


















3
516

















4
527







7
460























Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment


















Additions to property
 plant and equipment





(3
265







(1
404










(3
241







(1
352






















































































1
143







5
650





























5
842


















6
985







5
842
















































4
267








































(in thousands except share and per share amounts
 time periods and percentages)



Bridgford Foods Corporation was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. For more than the past five years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated
 and snack food products throughout the United States. 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly-owned. All inter-company transactions have been eliminated.



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
&nbsp;self-insured workers&#8217; compensation and&nbsp;employee healthcare benefits&nbsp;are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies
 promotional allowances and the allowance for doubtful accounts and inventory reserves.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the time.

We test long-lived assets for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an impairment is indicated
 we measure the fair value of assets to determine if and when adjustments are recorded.



Management has evaluated events subsequent to October 28
 2016 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review
 no material events were identified that require adjustment to the financial statements or additional disclosure.



Our credit risk is diversified across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been immaterial. The carrying amount of cash equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
 which may at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management does not believe there is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability risk. 

We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&#8217; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 34.8% of revenues in fiscal 2016 and 35.6% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 28
 2016. Sales to Dollar General&#174; comprised 7.8% of revenues in fiscal 2016 and 24.5% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&#174; at October 28
 2016. Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 31.4% of revenues in fiscal 2015 and 42.6% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 30
 2015.



Our company and its subsidiaries operate in two business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen foods products
 and the processing and distribution of snack food products.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.



We maintain our accounting records on a 52-53 week fiscal basis ending on the Friday closest to October 31. As part of the regular accounting cycle
 fiscal years 2016 and 2015 each included 52 weeks.&nbsp;&nbsp;









Revenues are recognized upon passage of title to the customer
 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long-haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 $3
456 and $3
663 for fiscal years&nbsp;2016 and 2015
 respectively
 are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.&nbsp; 

We record promotional and returns allowances based on recent and historical trends.&nbsp;&nbsp;Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product returns.&nbsp;&nbsp;Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were $8
578 and $8
881
 respectively.



Advertising and other promotional expenses are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were $2
055 and $1
861
 respectively.



We consider all investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include money market funds and treasury bills. Cash equivalents totaled $6
985 at October 28
 2016 and $5
842 at October 30
 2015. All material cash and cash equivalents at October 28
 2016 were held at Wells Fargo Bank N.A.
















Level 2 inputs: Level 2 inputs are from other than quoted market prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly.







The hierarchy noted above requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value.

The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis for the years ended October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015.



Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market.&nbsp;&nbsp;Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead.&nbsp;&nbsp;We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value.&nbsp;&nbsp;An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements
 and lower than expected customer demand could result in additional obsolete or slow-moving inventory that cannot be sold or must be sold at reduced prices and could result in additional reserve provisions.

Property
 plant and equipment

Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 3 to 5 years for transportation equipment.



Leased property and equipment that meet capital lease criteria are capitalized at the lower of the present value of the minimum payments required under the lease or the fair value of the asset at inception of the lease and are included within property
 plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet. Obligations under capital leases are accounted for as current and&nbsp;













Deferred taxes are provided for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is expected that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. The determination as to whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors
 none of which are predictable.&nbsp;&nbsp;

We provide tax accruals for federal
 state and local exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&#8217;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates
 they could have a material impact on our results of operations.



We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock-based payment agreements since April&nbsp;29
 1999.&nbsp;&nbsp;







In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period. 

In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11 &#8220;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&#8221;.&nbsp; The guidance is part of the &#8220;Simplification Initiative&#8221; to identify and re-evaluate areas where the generally accepted accounting principles may be complex and cumbersome to apply.&nbsp; The guidance will require that inventory be stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value as opposed to the lower of cost or market.&nbsp; Net realizable value is the estimated selling price for the inventory less completion
 disposal and transportation costs.&nbsp; The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016.&nbsp; The Company already values inventory by the proposed method.&nbsp; 

In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 &#8220;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&#8221;. The guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 6
 2016 with early adoption permitted. The Company applied this guidance to its current fiscal year ending October 28
 2016. Adoption of this guidance had no material impact on the results of operations or financial position.

In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 &#8220;Leases&#8221;. The guidance requires both operating and capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on consolidated financial statements.

In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)&#8221;
 providing guidance regarding the application of ASU 2014-09 when another party
 along with the reporting entity
 is involved in providing a good or a service to a customer. In April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing&#8221;
 which clarifies the identification of performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. In May 2016
 the FASB further issued ASU No. 2016-12
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients&#8221; providing guidance in certain narrow areas and adding some practical expedients. The effective dates for these updates are the same as the effective date for ASU No. 2014-09
 which is the Company&#8217;s fiscal year 2019 and interim periods therein.&nbsp; The Company is currently evaluating these statements and their impact on the Company&#8217;s&nbsp; results of operations
 financial position
 and disclosures.







&nbsp;In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
 &#8220;Income Taxes &#8211; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&#8221;. The guidance involves eight specific cash flow issues and aims to unify accounting for these transactions. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this&nbsp;guidance and its impact on its results of operations or financial position.&nbsp;
















Inventories
 net:










Meat
 ingredients and supplies


















































Property
 plant and equipment
 net:























































































































































































Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses:










Payroll
 vacation
 payroll taxes and employee benefits





































































































































































































































































Noncontributory-Trusteed Defined Benefit Retirement Plans for Sales
 Administrative
 Supervisory and Certain Other Employees

We have noncontributory-trusteed defined benefit retirement plans for sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. In the third quarter of fiscal year&nbsp;2006
 we froze future benefit accruals under this plan for employees classified within the administrative
 sales or supervisory job classifications or within any non-bargaining class. The benefits under these plans are primarily based on years of service and compensation levels. The funding policy of the plan is to make contributions which are at least equal to the minimum required contributions needed to avoid a funding deficiency. The measurement date for the plan is our fiscal year end.



















































































































































The benefit obligation
 plan assets
 and funded status of these plans as of the fiscal years ended are as follows:&nbsp;













































































































































































































































We&nbsp;perform an internal rate of return analysis when making the discount rate selection.&nbsp;&nbsp;The discount rates were based on Citigroup Pension Liability Index as of September 30
 2016 and October 31
 2015 respectively.

Plan assets are primarily invested in marketable equity securities
 corporate and government debt securities and are administered by an investment management company. The plans&#8217; long-term return on assets is based on the weighted-average of the plans&#8217; investment allocation as of the measurement date and the published historical returns for those types of asset categories
 taking into consideration inflation rate forecasts. Our expected employer contribution to the plan in fiscal year 2017 is $1
109.&nbsp;&nbsp;







During fiscal year&nbsp;2015
 our actuary updated mortality tables from the IRS 2014 Combined Static Mortality assumptions to the SOA RP 2014 Total Dataset Adjusted to 2006 with Scale MP-2015. The change in mortality table resulted in a significant liability increase in fiscal year&nbsp;2015 as well as an increased net periodic pension cost (NPPC) projection for fiscal year&nbsp;2016. The expected rate of return on plan assets decreased from 8.00% to 7.00% effective for fiscal year 2016. The lower expected rate of return increases net pension costs in future fiscal years.&nbsp;
















































































































































Other (Government/Corporate
 Bonds)

































































The fair value of our pension plan assets as of October 28
 2016 and the level under which fair values were determined
 using the hierarchy described in Note 1
 is as follows:







































































































































Effective January&nbsp;1
 1991 we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement
 selected employees contribute a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. We contribute an amount to each participant&#8217;s account by computing an investment return equal to Moody&#8217;s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus 2%. Employees receive vested amounts upon death
 termination or attainment of retirement age. No benefit expense was recorded under these plans for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.



In fiscal year 1991
 we adopted a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for certain key employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;Benefits provided under the plan are equal to 60% of the employee&#8217;s final average earnings
 less amounts provided by our defined benefit pension plan and amounts available through Social Security.

Benefits payable related to these plans and included in the accompanying consolidated&nbsp;financial statements were $5
454 and $4
907 at October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015
 respectively. In connection with this arrangement we are the beneficiary of life insurance policies on the lives of certain key employees and retirees. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies
 included in non-current assets
 was $13
769 and $13
660 at October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015
 respectively.







































































We provide an incentive compensation plan for certain key executives
 which is based upon our pretax income. The payment of these amounts is generally deferred over three or five-year periods. The total amount payable related to this arrangement was $7
098 and $3
125 at October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015
 respectively. Future payments are approximately $2
574
 $2
541
 $1
785
 $129 and $69 for fiscal years 2017 through 2021
 respectively.&nbsp;



We provide postretirement health care benefits for selected executive employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Net periodic postretirement healthcare cost is determined using assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year
 except for the total actual benefit payments and the discount rate used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense
 which is determined at the end of the fiscal year.
















































































Weighted average assumptions for the fiscal years ended October 28
 2016 and October 30
 2015 are as follows:























































































































































































































































































































































































401(K)&nbsp;Plan for Sales
 Administrative
 Supervisory and Certain Other Employees

During the fiscal year ended November&nbsp;3
 2006
 we implemented a qualified 401(K)&nbsp;retirement plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) for our sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. During fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 we made total employer contributions to the Plan in the amounts of&nbsp;$549 and $515
 respectively.















































































































































































Increase in provision resulting from state income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit




























































Other
 net






































































































































































Non-current tax assets
 net











Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740 requires that an entity's deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent its management determines that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax asset
 or portion thereof
 will not be realized.&nbsp; Management evaluated the realizability of its deferred tax assets to determine the need and appropriateness of a valuation allowance.&nbsp; In its determinations
 Management considers items of evidence
 both positive and negative
 including those items outlined in ASC 740. The Company policy outlines measurable objective criteria that must be met before a release of the valuation allowance will occur.&nbsp;&nbsp;The three criteria set forth in the policy must all be satisfied before the valuation allowance can be reversed.&nbsp;&nbsp;The three criteria were met and the valuation allowance was reversed in its entirety during fiscal year&nbsp;2015. The Company continues to measure the realizability of its deferred tax assets against the preset criteria. The criteria are as follows: first
 the Company&#8217;s available federal tax net operating loss (NOL) must be zero; second
 the prior thirty-six month cumulative book basis pre-tax income (loss)
 after considering &#8220;one-time&#8221; events
 is positive;&nbsp;third
 the Company considers its outlook of near term continued profitable operations and assesses any material negative and positive trends or events on the immediate horizon.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of October 28
 2016
 the Company (1) has utilized its entire federal net operating loss
 (2) has positive thirty-six month cumulative book income and (3) positive economic factors including lower and more stable commodity markets and current profitable operations are present. Management has concluded that the deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized as of October 28
 2016.

Due to the degree of judgment involved
 actual taxable income could differ materially from management's estimates
 or the timing of taxable income could be such that the net operating losses could expire prior to their utilization. Management could determine in the future that the assets are unrealizable
 materially decreasing net income in one or more periods. Following recognition
 management could reinstate a full valuation allowance should operating performance decline.&nbsp;

As of October 28
 2016
&nbsp;all federal and state net operating loss carryforwards were fully utilized.

In July 2006
 the FASB issued guidance to clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&#8217;s financial statements. This interpretation prescribed a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance also discussed derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition. The provisions of this guidance have been incorporated into&nbsp;ASC 740-10.







In November 2015
 the FASB issued guidance in ASU 2015-17 concerning the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes in an initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. All deferred tax liabilities and assets should now be classified as noncurrent in the statement of financial position to simplify presentation of deferred tax assets. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016.&nbsp;We have already adopted this guidance and the change is reflected as of October 30
 2015. 

As of October 28
 2016
 we have provided a liability of $130 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. A significant portion of this amount would generally reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized in future reporting periods. We have not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits.

As of October 30
 2015
 we have provided a liability of $112 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. A significant portion of this amount would generally reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized in future reporting periods. We have not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits.












































































































We recognize any future accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of October 28
 2016
 we had approximately $12 in accrued interest and penalties which is included as a component of the $130 unrecognized tax benefit noted above.

Our federal income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the years ended October 31
 2013 through 2015.&nbsp;

We are subject to income tax in California and various other state taxing jurisdictions. Our state income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the fiscal years ended October 31
 2009 through 2014.






We maintain a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. that expires on March 1
 2018. Under the terms of this line of credit
 we may borrow up to $4
000 at an interest rate equal to the bank&#8217;s prime rate or Libor plus 1.75%. The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth
 a minimum quick ratio
 a minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures of less than $3
000.&nbsp;We were&nbsp;in compliance with all covenants as of October 28
 2016 except for the capital expenditure maximum which was waived by a letter dated December 19
 2016. There have been no borrowings under this line of credit during fiscal 2016 or 2015. 











We returned all semi-truck&nbsp;trailers on operating leases before the end of fiscal 2016. Six year leases for OTR (over-the-road) tractors expire in 2018 and are classified as capital leases.&nbsp;&nbsp;After reevaluating our fleet delivery needs
 we returned six OTR tractors financed by the capital lease arrangement with a remaining liability of $656 and $69 during the second quarter of fiscal 2015 and third quarter of fiscal year&nbsp;2016
 respectively. Rental payments&nbsp;including prior leases were $316 in&nbsp;fiscal year&nbsp;2016 and $448 in fiscal year&nbsp;2015. Amortization of equipment under capital lease was $177 and $225&nbsp;in 2016 and 2015
 respectively.





















































































































(c) Reflected in Note 2
 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $150 and $403
 respectively.









We have two reportable operating segments
 Frozen Food Products (the processing and distribution of frozen products) and Snack Food Products (the processing and distribution of meat and other convenience foods).

We evaluate each segment&#8217;s performance based on revenues and operating income. Selling
 general and administrative expenses include corporate accounting
 information systems
 human resource and marketing management at the corporate level. These activities are allocated to each operating segment based on revenues and/or actual usage.

The following segment information is for the fiscal years ended October 28
 2016 (52 weeks) and October 30
 2015 (52 weeks):







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Bridgford Food Processing of Texas
 L.P.**




















American Ham Processors
&nbsp;Inc.*




































I
 William L. Bridgford
 certify that:



2. Based on my knowledge
 this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;










Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;








Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;








Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and








Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer&nbsp;and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):








All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and








Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: January 13
 2017











William L. Bridgford
 Chairman of the Board




















I
 Raymond F. Lancy
 certify that:



2. Based on my knowledge
 this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;










Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;








Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;








Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and








Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer&nbsp;and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):








All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and








Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.




Dated: January 13
 2017












Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President






















Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350



I
 William L. Bridgford
 Chairman of the Board of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that:








the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 28
 2016 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a)&nbsp;or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and








the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Dated: January 13
 2017









































Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350



I
 Raymond F. Lancy
 Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President
 Treasurer and Assistant Secretary of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that:








the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended&nbsp;October 28
 2016&nbsp;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a)&nbsp;or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and








the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Dated: January 13
 2017
















Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President

























  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 general and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
055&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
861

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;NOTE &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Bridgford Foods Corporation was organized in &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1952.&lt;/div&gt; We originally began operations in &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1932&lt;/div&gt; as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. For more than the past &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated
 and snack food products throughout the United States. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly - owned. All inter - company transactions have been eliminated.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Use of estimates and assumptions&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
 &amp;nbsp; self - insured workers&amp;#x2019; compensation and &amp;nbsp; employee healthcare benefits &amp;nbsp; are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; ultimately settle at amounts which &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies
 promotional allowances and the allowance for doubtful accounts and inventory reserves. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the time.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We test long - lived assets for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; not be recoverable. If an impairment is indicated
 we measure the fair value of assets to determine if and when adjustments are recorded.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Subsequent events&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Management has evaluated events subsequent to &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review
 no material events were identified that require adjustment to the financial statements or additional disclosure.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Concentrations of credit risk&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Our credit risk is diversified across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been immaterial. The carrying amount of cash equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
 which &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Management does not believe there is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability risk. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&amp;#x2019; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal - Mart&amp;reg; comprised &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;34.8%&lt;/div&gt; of revenues in fiscal &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;35.6%&lt;/div&gt; of total accounts receivable was due from Wal - Mart&amp;reg; at &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Sales to Dollar General&amp;reg; comprised &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;7.8%&lt;/div&gt; of revenues in fiscal &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;24.5%&lt;/div&gt; of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&amp;reg; at &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Sales to Wal - Mart&amp;reg; comprised &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;31.4%&lt;/div&gt; of revenues in fiscal &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;42.6%&lt;/div&gt; of total accounts receivable was due from Wal - Mart&amp;reg; at &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;30
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Business segments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Our company and its subsidiaries operate in &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen foods products
 and the processing and distribution of snack food products. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; See Note &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;7&lt;/div&gt; to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We maintain our accounting records on a &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;52&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;53&lt;/div&gt; week fiscal basis ending on the Friday closest to &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;31.&lt;/div&gt; As part of the regular accounting cycle
 fiscal years &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; each included &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;52&lt;/div&gt; weeks.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Revenues&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Revenues are recognized upon passage of title to the customer
 typically upon product pick - up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long - haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;$3
456&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;$3
663&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years &amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. &amp;nbsp; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27.35pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We record promotional and returns allowances based on recent and historical trends. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product returns. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; were &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;$8
578&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;$8
881
&lt;/div&gt; respectively.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27.35pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Advertising expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Advertising and other promotional expenses are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses for fiscal years &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; were &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;$2
055&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;$1
861
&lt;/div&gt; respectively.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We consider all investments with original maturities of &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include money market funds and treasury bills. Cash equivalents totaled &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;$6
985&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;$5
842&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;30
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; All material cash and cash equivalents at &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; were held at Wells Fargo Bank N.A.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Fair value measurements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We classify levels of inputs to measure the fair value of financial assets as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=&quot;FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 3.3%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 96.7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; inputs: Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; inputs are quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table style=&quot;FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 3.3%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 96.7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; inputs: Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; inputs are from other than quoted market prices included in Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table style=&quot;FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 3.3%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 96.7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; inputs: Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; inputs are unobservable and should be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;The hierarchy noted above requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non - recurring basis for the years ended &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;30
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Inventories&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (which approximates actual cost on a &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; - in
 &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; - out basis) or market. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow - moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements
 and lower than expected customer demand could result in additional obsolete or slow - moving inventory that cannot be sold or must be sold at reduced prices and could result in additional reserve provisions.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight - line basis over &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt; years for buildings and improvements
 &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; years for machinery and equipment
 and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt; years for transportation equipment.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Capital leases&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Leased property and equipment that meet capital lease criteria are capitalized at the lower of the present value of the minimum payments required under the lease or the fair value of the asset at inception of the lease and are included within property
 plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet. Obligations under capital leases are accounted for as current and &amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Amortization is calculated on a straight - line method based upon the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Life insurance policies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We record the cash surrender value or contract value for life insurance policies as an adjustment of premiums paid in determining the expense or income to be recognized under the contract for the period. The cash surrender value is included in other non - current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Deferred taxes are provided for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is expected that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. The determination as to whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors
 none of which are predictable. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We provide tax accruals for federal
 state and local exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt; to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&amp;#x2019;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates
 they could have a material impact on our results of operations.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Stock - based compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share - based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock - based payment agreements since &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; April &lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1999.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Comprehensive income consists of net income and additional minimum pension liability adjustments.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Recently issued accounting pronouncements and regulations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;In &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; May &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2014
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#x201d; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;15
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; including interim periods within that reporting period. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;In &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; July &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;11&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#x201d;. &amp;nbsp; The guidance is part of the &amp;#x201c;Simplification Initiative&amp;#x201d; to identify and re - evaluate areas where the generally accepted accounting principles &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; be complex and cumbersome to apply. &amp;nbsp; The guidance will require that inventory be stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value as opposed to the lower of cost or market. &amp;nbsp; Net realizable value is the estimated selling price for the inventory less completion
 disposal and transportation costs. &amp;nbsp; The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;15
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; &amp;nbsp; The Company already values inventory by the proposed method. &amp;nbsp; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;In &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; November &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;17
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&amp;#x201d;. The guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;6
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; with early adoption permitted. The Company applied this guidance to its current fiscal year ending &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Adoption of this guidance had no material impact on the results of operations or financial position.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;In &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases&amp;#x201d;. The guidance requires both operating and capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;15
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on consolidated financial statements.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;In &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; March &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU No. &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;08
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;606):&lt;/div&gt; Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)&amp;#x201d;
 providing guidance regarding the application of ASU &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; when another party
 along with the reporting entity
 is involved in providing a good or a service to a customer. In &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; April &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU No. &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;10
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing&amp;#x201d;
 which clarifies the identification of performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. In &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; May &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB further issued ASU No. &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;12
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow - Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients&amp;#x201d; providing guidance in certain narrow areas and adding some practical expedients. The effective dates for these updates are the same as the effective date for ASU No. &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; which is the Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and interim periods therein. &amp;nbsp; The Company is currently evaluating these statements and their impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s &amp;nbsp; results of operations
 financial position

 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp; In &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;16
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Income Taxes &amp;#x2013; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#x201d;. The guidance involves &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;eight&lt;/div&gt; specific cash flow issues and aims to unify accounting for these transactions. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;15

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

985&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5
842&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; All material cash and cash equivalents at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28

  
  
  
  



 we returned &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;six&lt;/div&gt; OTR tractors financed by the capital lease arrangement with a remaining liability of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$656&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$69&lt;/div&gt; during the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;second&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. Rental payments &amp;nbsp; including prior leases were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$316&lt;/div&gt; in &amp;nbsp; fiscal year &amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$448&lt;/div&gt; in fiscal year &amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; Amortization of equipment under capital lease was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$177&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$225&lt;/div&gt; &amp;nbsp; in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015

&lt;/div&gt; as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$150&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$403

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions

 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&amp;#x2019; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal - Mart&amp;reg; comprised &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;34.8%&lt;/div&gt; of revenues in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35.6%&lt;/div&gt; of total accounts receivable was due from Wal - Mart&amp;reg; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Sales to Dollar General&amp;reg; comprised &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7.8%&lt;/div&gt; of revenues in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;24.5%&lt;/div&gt; of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&amp;reg; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Sales to Wal - Mart&amp;reg; comprised &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31.4%&lt;/div&gt; of revenues in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;42.6%&lt;/div&gt; of total accounts receivable was due from Wal - Mart&amp;reg; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 N.A. that expires on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; Under the terms of this line of credit
 we &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; borrow up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4
000&lt;/div&gt; at an interest rate equal to the bank&amp;#x2019;s prime rate or Libor plus &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.75%.&lt;/div&gt; The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth
 a minimum quick ratio
 a minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures of less than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
000.&lt;/div&gt; &amp;nbsp; We were &amp;nbsp; in compliance with all covenants as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; except for the capital expenditure maximum which was waived by a letter dated &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;19

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-weight: bold;&quot;&gt;Fair value measurements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;We classify levels of inputs to measure the fair value of financial assets as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=&quot;FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 3.3%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 96.7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; inputs: Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; inputs are quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table style=&quot;FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 3.3%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 96.7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; inputs: Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; inputs are from other than quoted market prices included in Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table style=&quot;FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 3.3%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 96.7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; inputs: Level &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; inputs are unobservable and should be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;The hierarchy noted above requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&quot;&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&quot;&gt;The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non - recurring basis for the years ended &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&quot;&gt;30



  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  

  






















 or portion thereof
 will not be realized. &amp;nbsp; Management evaluated the realizability of its deferred tax assets to determine the need and appropriateness of a valuation allowance. &amp;nbsp; In its determinations
 Management considers items of evidence
 both positive and negative
 including those items outlined in ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;740.&lt;/div&gt; The Company policy outlines measurable objective criteria that must be met before a release of the valuation allowance will occur. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; criteria set forth in the policy must all be satisfied before the valuation allowance can be reversed. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; criteria were met and the valuation allowance was reversed in its entirety during fiscal year &amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; The Company continues to measure the realizability of its deferred tax assets against the preset criteria. The criteria are as follows: &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first
&lt;/div&gt; the Company&amp;#x2019;s available federal tax net operating loss (&amp;quot;NOL&amp;quot;) must be &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;zero;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;second
&lt;/div&gt; the prior &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirty&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;six&lt;/div&gt; month cumulative book basis pre - tax income (loss)
 after considering &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x201c;one&lt;/div&gt; - time&amp;#x201d; events
 is positive; &amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third
&lt;/div&gt; the Company considers its outlook of near term continued profitable operations and assesses any material negative and positive trends or events on the immediate horizon. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(1)&lt;/div&gt; has utilized its entire federal net operating loss
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2)&lt;/div&gt; has positive &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirty&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;six&lt;/div&gt; month cumulative book income and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(3)&lt;/div&gt; positive economic factors including lower and more stable commodity markets and current profitable operations are present. Management has concluded that the deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28

 actual taxable income could differ materially from management's estimates
 or the timing of taxable income could be such that the net operating losses could expire prior to their utilization. Management could determine in the future that the assets are unrealizable
 materially decreasing net income in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; or more periods. Following recognition

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued guidance to clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&amp;#x2019;s financial statements. This interpretation prescribed a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance also discussed derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued guidance in ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&lt;/div&gt; concerning the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes in an initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. All deferred tax liabilities and assets should now be classified as noncurrent in the statement of financial position to simplify presentation of deferred tax assets. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; &amp;nbsp; We have already adopted this guidance and the change is reflected as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016



  
  

 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors

 state and local exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt; to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&amp;#x2019;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates


  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  











 plant and equipment























 vacation



















  
  
  
  

 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; - out basis) or market. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow - moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  


  

  

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#x201d; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#x201d;. &amp;nbsp; The guidance is part of the &amp;#x201c;Simplification Initiative&amp;#x201d; to identify and re - evaluate areas where the generally accepted accounting principles &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; be complex and cumbersome to apply. &amp;nbsp; The guidance will require that inventory be stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value as opposed to the lower of cost or market. &amp;nbsp; Net realizable value is the estimated selling price for the inventory less completion
 disposal and transportation costs. &amp;nbsp; The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&amp;#x201d;. The guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; with early adoption permitted. The Company applied this guidance to its current fiscal year ending &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases&amp;#x201d;. The guidance requires both operating and capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU No. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;08
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606):&lt;/div&gt; Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)&amp;#x201d;
 providing guidance regarding the application of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; when another party
 along with the reporting entity
 is involved in providing a good or a service to a customer. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU No. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing&amp;#x201d;
 which clarifies the identification of performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the FASB further issued ASU No. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow - Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients&amp;#x201d; providing guidance in certain narrow areas and adding some practical expedients. The effective dates for these updates are the same as the effective date for ASU No. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; which is the Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and interim periods therein. &amp;nbsp; The Company is currently evaluating these statements and their impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s &amp;nbsp; results of operations
 financial position

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Income Taxes &amp;#x2013; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#x201d;. The guidance involves &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;eight&lt;/div&gt; specific cash flow issues and aims to unify accounting for these transactions. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Administrative

 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. In the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2006
&lt;/div&gt; we froze future benefit accruals under this plan for employees classified within the administrative








 plan assets

























&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31

 corporate and government debt securities and are administered by an investment management company. The plans&amp;#x2019; long - term return on assets is based on the weighted - average of the plans&amp;#x2019; investment allocation as of the measurement date and the published historical returns for those types of asset categories
 taking into consideration inflation rate forecasts. Our expected employer contribution to the plan in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1



&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and the level under which fair values were determined
 using the hierarchy described in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1









&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1991&lt;/div&gt; we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement
 selected employees contribute a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. We contribute an amount to each participant&amp;#x2019;s account by computing an investment return equal to Moody&amp;#x2019;s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2%.&lt;/div&gt; Employees receive vested amounts upon death

&lt;/div&gt; we adopted a non - qualified supplemental retirement plan for certain key employees. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Benefits provided under the plan are equal to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; of the employee&amp;#x2019;s final average earnings

454&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4
907&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. In connection with this arrangement we are the beneficiary of life insurance policies on the lives of certain key employees and retirees. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies
 included in non - current assets
 was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13
769&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13
660&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015


 which is based upon our pretax income. The payment of these amounts is generally deferred over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; - year periods. The total amount payable related to this arrangement was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7
098&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
125&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. Future payments are approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
574
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
541
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
785
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$129&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$69&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2021

 except for the total actual benefit payments and the discount rate used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30





 Administrative

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2006
&lt;/div&gt; we implemented a qualified &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;401(K)&lt;/div&gt; &amp;nbsp; retirement plan (the &amp;#x201c;Plan&amp;#x201d;) for our sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. During fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; we made total employer contributions to the Plan in the amounts of &amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$549&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$515

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  


 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight - line basis over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt; years for buildings and improvements
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; years for machinery and equipment

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 typically upon product pick - up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long - haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
456&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
663&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years &amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 are included in selling

 trade allowances and product returns. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$8
578&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$8
881

  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  


  









































  
  

















  
  











 plant and equipment























 vacation











































































  


 general and administrative expenses include corporate accounting
 information systems

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(52&lt;/div&gt; weeks) and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30













































  
  

  
  
  

  

 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock - based payment agreements since &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April &lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
 &amp;nbsp; self - insured workers&amp;#x2019; compensation and &amp;nbsp; employee healthcare benefits &amp;nbsp; are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; ultimately settle at amounts which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt; vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies



  
  
  











    
    

 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $150 and $403



    


    


    




        


        





      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      






































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plan Assets

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    






    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    




    




    






    


    


    
    






    
    


    


    
    






    
    


    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    










    

 Amount of Unrecognized Deferred Tax Liability



    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    










    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    



    


    


    


    



    




    


    


    








 $1.00 par value Authorized
 - 20
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; 9
076 and 9



    
    










    






    
    


    
    


    



 without par value Authorized
 - 1



    


    


    






    


    






    


    






    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 less reserves of $308
 and $381




    


    






    


    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    


    










    


    






    


    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $17 and $146
 respectively and promotional allowances of $2
271 and $3
061







    
    






    






    


    
    



 Inputs







    


    


    
    


    
    



 Credit Risk



    




    




    


    
    


    






    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    










    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Rent Expense



    




    


    




    




    
    


    
    










    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



    


    
    


    


    




    



 Individual Contracts




 Individual Contracts



    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    



 Individual Contracts



    





 Individual Contracts



    













 Individual Contracts




 Individual Contract



    




    




    



    




    
    


    

    


    
    


    

 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan



    


    

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans



    


    
    
    


    

 Income Statement



    


    







 excluding tax valuation allowances



    




    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    



 vacation



    


    







    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    




    




    


    


    






    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    




    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    



 plant and equipment

    


    
    



 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $62
330 and $60
454




    



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    



 plant and equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    


    


    
    
    










    
    


    
    
    


    
    






    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 brid20160824_10kimg001.gif

P  9@  F0  S   _P K   K
P K9@ KF0 K
MS  K_P!5  !5
P!59@!5F0!5S !5_P    
P 9@ F0 S  _PJ  J
M
PJ9@JF0JS J_P#5  #5
P#59@#5F0#5S #5_P#_  #_
P#_9@#_F0#_
MS #__S
  #
 
S
 9C
 F3
 S#
 _S
K #
K
S
K9C
KF3
KS#
K_S-5 #-5
M
S-59C-5F3-5S#-5_S.  #. 
S. 9C. F3. S#. _S.J #.J
S.J9C.JF3.J
MS#.J_S/5 #/5
S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_
S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M
V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K
V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95
V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: 
V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J
V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M
V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_
V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D 
YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK
YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5
YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M
YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ
YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5
YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_
YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  
P 

P _\PK 
PK
M

PK_\Q5 
Q5

Q5_\R  
R 

MS
R _\RJ 
RJ

RJ_\S5 
S5

S5_\S_ 
S_
M

S___\  /\ 
_\ 9O\ F?\ S/\ __\K /\K
_\K9O\KF?\K
MS/\K__]5 /]5
_]59O]5F?]5S/]5__^  /^ 
_^ 9O^ F?^ S/^ __^J /^J
M
_^J9O^JF?^JS/^J___5 /_5
__59O_5F?_5S/_5____ /__
___9O__F?__










U\$;:

P6KI

U;(O0\FLM*WGCZ7M

5+Y)E&J_5%
N\Z
ML1] ^KBWO'^\O0^]+*N\CRTF1QZTXI]'F/E^73


MW\_F=:9]$$



MY\3$92YI5+O-!Y7$G

UUE*O?SXSS
MN%DTD.8DYCWC.F+RYH9 ]
A0O7







)EVO6(1D9Y!-=A

[!H#+;C\IRW$&08[E#VL@_EZ#/_



M
W\E
GVN

MUT$UAQ8$1!^O
W8^QSEA



H
MC=$8=Z.)/S1MLV(Q%C
KT\:)JS8KFHA5F7@WGXA5JKB)HQ@7I_A#JQB*K3@K

[M,\]!3
MRM .SSB-T4@//85OR1-T6B-TVB-XD@


MRP=-#C
;#QD:)..0I
$:GK&1G'&1$$F1';D0)+.(!0$XO&!NR(@5\V +-$&'
M!46'

5;&
)EIDCBE=I
6&)%3ZE:?L0$  [
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Oct. 28
 2016
Jan. 13
 2017
Apr. 15
 2016



















































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding (in shares)



076
832











069














  2016






































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015











985


842



Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $17 and $146
 respectively and promotional allowances of $2
271 and $3
061
 respectively

582


619



Inventories
 less reserves of $308
 and $381
 respectively

081


977












585


757



Property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $62
330 and $60
454
 respectively

362


235





775


666





532


644





254


302












085


087



Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses

089


203












918


825





222


211





123


446





345


657



Contingencies and commitments (Notes 3
 5 and 6)













Preferred stock
 without par value Authorized
 - 1
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; none






Common stock
 $1.00 par value Authorized
 - 20
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; 9
076 and 9
080

134


138





298


334





073


303





596)


130)





909


645





254


302




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands
Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015


Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts






Accounts receivable
 allowance for promotional allowances

271


061



Inventories
 reserves






Property
 plant and equipment
 accumulated depreciation

330


454



Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares issued (in shares)






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)






Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 authorized (in shares)

000


000



Common stock
 issued (in shares)

076


080



Common stock
 outstanding (in shares)

076


080




































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
















































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015




063


448





850


579





213


869



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

377


751





836


118





066


324)





770


442












077
606


098
742


































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015




770


442





419)


525)































Other comprehensive (loss)
 before taxes

320)


731)





854


967



Change in other comprehensive (loss)
 net of tax

466)


764)



Comprehensive income
 net of tax

304


678







Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.




























Pretax change in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost for other post retirement plans.

























































Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.






















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income
 after tax
 from changes classified as other.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands







Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2014

113











Balance at Oct. 31
 2014

171


584


861


366)


250



































442




442











764)


764)



Balance (in shares) at Oct. 30
 2015

080











Balance at Oct. 30
 2015

138


334


303


130)


645



































770




770











466)


466)



Balance (in shares) at Oct. 28
 2016

076











Balance at Oct. 28
 2016

134


298


073


596)


909







The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.




























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015











770


442












043


050














749



Loss (gain) on sale of property
 plant and equipment






Deferred income taxes
 net

034)


171







848)












587)


090)





104)


315


























002)





Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses

114)














105







516







527


460










Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment






Additions to property
 plant and equipment

265)


404)





241)


352)

































143


650





842







985


842












267
















Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit)
 excluding tax valuation allowances
 pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.


















































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
















































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable
 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.












































































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity
 if longer).


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016







 as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
 vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies
 not be recoverable. If an impairment is indicated
28
 require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review
Our credit risk is diversified across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been immaterial. The carrying amount of cash equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
28
28
30
 business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen foods products
 As part of the regular accounting cycle
Revenues are recognized upon passage of title to the customer
 typically upon product pick - up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long - haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs

$3
2015

 are included in selling
We record promotional and returns allowances based on recent and historical trends. &nbsp; &nbsp; Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product returns. &nbsp; &nbsp; Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
$8
$8
881
Advertising and other promotional expenses are recorded as selling
$2
$1
861
$6
28
$5
30
28
 that are observable for the asset or liability
The hierarchy noted above requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
28
30
 - in
 - out basis) or market. &nbsp; &nbsp; Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value. &nbsp; &nbsp; Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead. &nbsp; &nbsp; We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value. &nbsp; &nbsp; An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow - moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value. &nbsp; &nbsp; Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 years for buildings and improvements
 years for machinery and equipment
Leased property and equipment that meet capital lease criteria are capitalized at the lower of the present value of the minimum payments required under the lease or the fair value of the asset at inception of the lease and are included within property
Deferred taxes are provided for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is expected that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. The determination as to whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors
We provide tax accruals for federal
 state and local exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&#x2019;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates
We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share - based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant. &nbsp; &nbsp; We have not issued
 awarded
29
2014
15
2017
2015
 be complex and cumbersome to apply. &nbsp; The guidance will require that inventory be stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value as opposed to the lower of cost or market. &nbsp; Net realizable value is the estimated selling price for the inventory less completion
15
2015
17

 along with any related valuation allowance
6
28
2016
02
15
2016
08
 Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)&#x201d;
 when another party
 along with the reporting entity
2016
10

2016
12
09
 and interim periods therein. &nbsp; The Company is currently evaluating these statements and their impact on the Company&#x2019;s &nbsp; results of operations
 financial position
2016
16
15








The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016







Inventories
Meat
5
5
1
1
17
13
24
19
Property
 plant and equipment
1
1
14
14
48
47
1
1
5
5
1
72
70
(62
(60
10
10
13
13
13
13
Accrued payroll
Payroll
 vacation
2
3
4
5
1
1
2
1
3
2
25
17
5
4
4
1
36
25
446



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016







Noncontributory - Trusteed Defined Benefit Retirement Plans for Sales
 Administrative
We have noncontributory - trusteed defined benefit retirement plans for sales
 administrative
2006

2
2
(2
(3
1
1
1
The benefit obligation
 plan assets
41
42
1
1
(1
(1
41
41
59
54
2
2
7
4
(1
(1
68
59
(26
(18
33
25
6
7
30
31
Plan assets are primarily invested in marketable equity securities
 corporate and government debt securities and are administered by an investment management company. The plans&#x2019; long - term return on assets is based on the weighted - average of the plans&#x2019; investment allocation as of the measurement date and the published historical returns for those types of asset categories
$1
2015
Other (Government/Corporate
28
 and the level under which fair values were determined

41
41
2
2
2
2
2
15
1
 we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement
 Employees receive vested amounts upon death
1991
 of the employee&#x2019;s final average earnings
$5
$4
28
30
2015

 included in non - current assets

$13
28
30
2015
2
We provide an incentive compensation plan for certain key executives
$7
$3
28
30
2015
$2
574
$2
541
$1
785
2021
We provide postretirement health care benefits for selected executive employees. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Net periodic postretirement healthcare cost is determined using assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year
 except for the total actual benefit payments and the discount rate used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense
28
30
1
1
1
1
 &nbsp; Plan for Sales
 Administrative
3
2006
 &nbsp; retirement plan (the &#x201c;Plan&#x201d;) for our sales
 administrative
2015
$515














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016







3
4
(6
(1
(1
(7
3
(7
3
2
Increase in provision resulting from state income taxes
(10
Other
3
(7
2
12
9
Non-current tax assets
14
10
 requires that an entity's deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent its management determines that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax asset
 or portion thereof
 will not be realized. &nbsp; Management evaluated the realizability of its deferred tax assets to determine the need and appropriateness of a valuation allowance. &nbsp; In its determinations
 Management considers items of evidence
 both positive and negative
first
second
 month cumulative book basis pre - tax income (loss)
 - time&#x201d; events

28
2016
 has utilized its entire federal net operating loss
28
Due to the degree of judgment involved
 actual taxable income could differ materially from management's estimates
 or the timing of taxable income could be such that the net operating losses could expire prior to their utilization. Management could determine in the future that the assets are unrealizable
 or more periods. Following recognition
28
2016
2006

 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
2015
15
30
28
2016
30
2015
28
2016
31
31




































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016







We maintain a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
1
 Under the terms of this line of credit
$4
 The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth
 a minimum quick ratio

28
19








The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016







 and are classified as capital leases. &nbsp; &nbsp; After reevaluating our fleet delivery needs
2016
2015
2
$403














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016







 reportable operating segments
We evaluate each segment&#x2019;s performance based on revenues and operating income. Selling
 general and administrative expenses include corporate accounting
 information systems
28
30
46
93
140
29
55
84
17
37
55
14
29
44
2
7
10
10
40
35
87
2
3
50
79
130
30
53
83
20
26
46
14
24
38
5
2
8
11
33
30
75
1
1
404



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016











































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016






Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
 vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies
 not be recoverable. If an impairment is indicated
 we measure the fair value of assets to determine if and when adjustments are recorded.



Subsequent Events
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
28
 require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review
 no material events were identified that require adjustment to the financial statements or additional disclosure.



Concentration Risk
 Credit Risk
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Our credit risk is diversified across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been immaterial. The carrying amount of cash equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
28
28
30




Segment Reporting
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen foods products
 and the processing and distribution of snack food products. &nbsp; &nbsp; See Note 



Fiscal Period
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 As part of the regular accounting cycle
 fiscal years 



Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Revenues are recognized upon passage of title to the customer
 typically upon product pick - up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long - haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs

$3
2015

 are included in selling
We record promotional and returns allowances based on recent and historical trends. &nbsp; &nbsp; Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product returns. &nbsp; &nbsp; Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
$8
$8
881




Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Advertising and other promotional expenses are recorded as selling
$2
$1
861




Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
$6
28
$5
30
28




Fair Value Measurement
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 that are observable for the asset or liability
The hierarchy noted above requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
28
30




Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 - in
 - out basis) or market. &nbsp; &nbsp; Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value. &nbsp; &nbsp; Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead. &nbsp; &nbsp; We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value. &nbsp; &nbsp; An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow - moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value. &nbsp; &nbsp; Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements
 and lower than expected customer demand could result in additional obsolete or slow - moving inventory that cannot be sold or must be sold at reduced prices and could result in additional reserve provisions.



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 years for buildings and improvements
 years for machinery and equipment
 and 



Lease
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Leased property and equipment that meet capital lease criteria are capitalized at the lower of the present value of the minimum payments required under the lease or the fair value of the asset at inception of the lease and are included within property
 plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet. Obligations under capital leases are accounted for as current and &nbsp;



Insurance Premiums Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Deferred taxes are provided for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is expected that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. The determination as to whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors
We provide tax accruals for federal
 state and local exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&#x2019;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates
 they could have a material impact on our results of operations.



Share-based Compensation
 Option and Incentive Plans Policy [Policy Text Block]
We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share - based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant. &nbsp; &nbsp; We have not issued
 awarded
29




Comprehensive Income
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
2014
15
2017
2015
 be complex and cumbersome to apply. &nbsp; The guidance will require that inventory be stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value as opposed to the lower of cost or market. &nbsp; Net realizable value is the estimated selling price for the inventory less completion
15
2015
17

 along with any related valuation allowance
6
28
2016
02
15
2016
08
 Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)&#x201d;
 when another party
 along with the reporting entity
2016
10

2016
12
09
 and interim periods therein. &nbsp; The Company is currently evaluating these statements and their impact on the Company&#x2019;s &nbsp; results of operations
 financial position
2016
16
15




































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date
 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for premium revenue recognition
 including the basis for measurement and the timing of recognition of revenue from insurance premiums received from contract holders.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangements (both lessor and lessee). This disclosure may address (1) lease classification (that is
 operating versus capital)
 (2) how the term of a lease is determined (for example
 the circumstances in which a renewal option is considered part of the lease term)
 (3) how rental revenue or expense is recognized for a lease that contains rent escalations
 (4) an entity's accounting treatment for deferred rent
 including that which arises from lease incentives
 rent abatements
 rent holidays
 or tenant allowances (5) an entity's accounting treatment for contingent rental payments and (6) an entity's policy for reviewing
 at least annually
 the residual values of sales-type and direct-finance leases. The disclosure also may indicate how the entity accounts for its capital leases
 leveraged leases or sale-leaseback transactions.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016






Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
Inventories
Meat
5
5
1
1
17
13
24
19
Property
 plant and equipment
1
1
14
14
48
47
1
1
5
5
1
72
70
(62
(60
10
10
13
13
13
13
Accrued payroll
Payroll
 vacation
2
3
4
5
1
1
2
1
3
2
25
17
5
4
4
1
36
25
446







Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016







2
2
(2
(3
1
1
1
634









41
42
1
1
(1
(1
41
41
59
54
2
2
7
4
(1
(1
68
59
(26
(18
33
25
6
7
332




Other (Government/Corporate
 Bonds)




41
41
871



















1
1
1
1
003












































2
603














2
2
2
2
2
15
888

































































Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.




























Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.




























Tabular disclosure of the change in the benefit obligation of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans from the beginning to the end of the period
 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.






















































































Tabular disclosure of the assumed health care cost trend rates for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plans
 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.














































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016







3
4
(6
(1
(1
(7
3
(7
324




3
2
Increase in provision resulting from state income taxes
(10
Other
3
(7
324




2
12
9
Non-current tax assets
14
10
645












Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016






Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]
46
93
140
29
55
84
17
37
55
14
29
44
2
7
10
10
40
35
87
2
3
50
79
130
30
53
83
20
26
46
14
24
38
5
2
8
11
33
30
75
1
1
404







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015









Shipping
 Handling and Transportation Costs

456


663





578


881





055


861



Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value

985


842










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life






Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Wal-Mart [Member]






Concentration Risk
 Percentage






Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Dollar General [Member]






Concentration Risk
 Percentage













Concentration Risk
 Percentage













Concentration Risk
 Percentage










Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

























































This element represents the estimated retail value of accommodations
 food and beverage
 and other services furnished to guests without charge.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015


Inventories
 net:






Meat
 ingredients and supplies

401


268





206


125





474


584





081


977



Property
 plant and equipment
 net:








802


802





394


272





498


687





060


192





860


219





078







692


689





330)


454)





362


235












769


660












775


666



Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses:






Payroll
 vacation
 payroll taxes and employee benefits

912


589


























089


203












099


150












574


196


























918


825












317


362





379


630



Capital Lease Obligations
 Noncurrent








524


929












123


446




















































































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
















































































































































Aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the liabilities for deferred compensation arrangements payable within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Represents currently earned compensation under cash arrangements (such as a profit-sharing plan
 rabbi trust
 and employee contract--excluding equity-based arrangements) that is not actually paid until a later date.




























Aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the liabilities for deferred compensation arrangements payable after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Represents currently earned compensation under cash arrangements (such as a profit-sharing plan
 rabbi trust
 and employee contract--excluding equity-based arrangements) that is not actually paid until a later date.






















































































Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































Carrying amount
 net of reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.




























Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.




























Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of other miscellaneous assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































For a classified balance sheet
 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 30
 2020
Nov. 01
 2019
Nov. 02
 2018
Nov. 03
 2017
Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015


Defined Benefit Plans
 Estimated Future Employer Contributions in Next Fiscal Year









109





Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Expected Long-term Return on Assets





























Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase
























454


907













769


660



Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Recorded Liability









098


125













574





Defined Benefit Plan
 Contributions by Employer









150


157



Plan Type
 401K [Member]














Defined Benefit Plan
 Contributions by Employer














Scenario
 Forecast [Member]




















785


541






























































































































































The carrying amount of the liability as of the balance sheet date to an individual under a deferred compensation arrangement. This amount may be the result of periodic accruals made over the period of active employment
 or reflect termination benefits resulting contractual terms or a death benefit.
















































































































































Expenditures for salaries of officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.




























The total amount of the entity's obligation as of the balance sheet date under any other retirement plan(s)
 such as one or more defined contribution plans.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015











448


176





871)


346)





927


244












634





























































































































The total amount of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit plans for the period. Periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015



























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 3 - Retirement and Other Benefit Plans - Benefit Obligation
 Plan Assets
 and Funded Status of Plans (Details) - USD ($)



Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015











419


320





150


157












488)


418)





871


419












931


277












448


176





266


783





488)


418)





287


931





416)


512)












264


844





848


332

































































The difference between fair value of plan assets at the end of the period and the fair value at the beginning of the period
 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.




























Amount of gain (loss) related to change in benefit obligation resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.




























The aggregate net amount recognized in the balance sheet associated with the defined benefit plan(s). Will normally be the same as the Defined Benefit Plan
 Funded Status of Plan
 Total.




























Disclosure under FAS 132R
 before it was amended by FAS 158
 of the cumulative net gain (loss) that has not yet been recognized as a part of net periodic benefit cost.




























Disclosure under FAS 132R
 before it was amended by FAS 158
 of the portion of prior service costs and credits
 due to benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation
 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.




























The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.

























































Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.




























The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015




































































































































































































Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015
Oct. 31
 2014




871


419


320



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]










871











Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















277





197





124





466





663





888







Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the five fiscal years after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















277





197





124





466





663





888



































603







Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the five fiscal years after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015











448


176












634










































































































































The total amount of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit plans for the period. Periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015













































































The assumed health care cost trend rate for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plan (gross eligible charges). This is based upon the annual rate of change in the cost of health care benefits currently provided by the postretirement benefit plan
 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.

























































Year the ultimate health care cost trend rate is expected to be reached
 in CCYY format.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015



























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015



























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015











931


277












448


176





266


783





488)


418)





287


931





416)


512)



















003












































003







003




























003




































The pretax total of net gain (loss)
 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























The pretax net amount of gains and losses that are not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost
 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.




























Amount related to the pretax cost of benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation
 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























Amount of gain (loss) related to change in benefit obligation resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.




























1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.




























The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.




























The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















277





197





124





466





888





































Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the five fiscal years after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015


Deferred Tax Liability Not Recognized
 Amount of Unrecognized Deferred Tax Liability
 Undistributed Earnings of Domestic Subsidiaries






Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued



































































Tax year that remains open to examination under enacted tax laws
 in CCYY format.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015











874














100
















335)







342)





034)


677)





066


324)







Amount of current state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.



















































































































Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.






















































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015




684


772



Increase in provision resulting from state income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit































848)



Other
 net








066


324)








 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015














































438


202

















Non-current tax assets
 net

532


645


























140
































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.




























Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.

























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from employee benefits
 classified as other.



















































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves
 classified as other.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015










































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015
















Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity

000





Debt Covenant
 Maximum Allowable Capital Expenditures

000












Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate




































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jul. 08
 2016
Apr. 17
 2015
Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015
























Operating Leases
 Rent Expense










Capital Leases
 Income Statement
 Amortization Expense










Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
 Contingent Rentals










Capital Lease Obligations
 Current










Capital Lease Obligations
 Noncurrent








































































Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























The increases or decreases in lease payments that result from changes occurring after the inception of the lease in the factors (other than the passage of time) on which lease payments are based
 except that any escalation of minimum lease payments relating to increases in construction or acquisition cost of the leased property or for increases in some measure of cost or value during the construction or preconstruction period
 are excluded from contingent rentals. Contingent rentals also may include amounts for which the triggering events have not yet occurred or the specified targets for which have not yet been achieved (such as sales based percentage rent)
 but which events are considered probable of occurring or which specified targets are considered probable of being achieved.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Capital leases
 2017





Total
 2017





Capital leases
 2018





Total
 2018





Capital leases
 Total Minimum Lease Payments(a)











Total
 Minimum Lease Payments(a)





Capital leases
 Less: Amount representing executory costs





Capital leases
 Less: Amount representing interest(b)





Capital leases
 Present value of future minimum lease payments(c)

















 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $150 and $403




























































































































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amounts to be paid by lessee to lessor for maintenance
 insurance
 and tax expenses related to the leased asset.

























































Present value of minimum lease payments for capital leases net of executory costs
 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 28
 2016


















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 28
 2016
Oct. 30
 2015




063


448





850


579





213


869





377


751





836


118





254


302





265





Additions to property
 plant and equipment



404












589


549





271


372





318


177





477


625





841


552





748


206










Additions to property
 plant and equipment















474


899





579


207





895


692





900


126





995


566





525


853





845





Additions to property
 plant and equipment



222















































981


243










Additions to property
 plant and equipment










The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in property
 plant and equipment.























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.




























Amount of acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.





















































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( !J!+4H?(\\#P    !






W0RS!K!#


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS

MG!AOB%1#?HY$QRDY&E)31SB.\Z@A51LNYV9NQY=S=I5UU=(=#\2U:0C_NZ8U



Q:Q
M[A%XA$ #(E*V!P$

XBV/X
4%1


MT@\DZVS!%0U5W_(?4$L#!!0    ( !J!+4J
!\TWN0



CT2R)IB2HD\=K



MQMJ4C!
+Z3 +38&#B(D[TY)Y:FQ/7UHH3PAW&8F 8I(SR\/R45J





RYX;6R%EF^OFR 4


M\BME[[PD1'@?3=WRE5\*T2T!X/N2-)B_T(ZT\LF1L@8+.64GP#M&\$$'-34(


T/UW<B&UEL266-/:ZZOWO[
!6V&+!*EP1_]O6KU

M1;UW^IGLELO52Y&@'%Q4GD&R[B7!1!+





M:Z?\@RM3_SEJF%

M7YA0A4M:WF$IHRQER$(]EC+







M;TZ



M=^^?3?(JF3T1=

]?X.3P<QO  <#.!J [+\&:#! 'P8F0M23
 B<2
M
HBY7R, 'T1-M QAX\!MJX07\$Y


MZTH6


M;'VJ(L

M965T-BYX;6R-EVN/FD 4AO\*X?LN#'

M%A?_%C)5YYE-[(\;+\EN7]4WG/GT$._D3UG].CP7^LKILVR23.9EHG*KD-N9









!3CAJ'5.!)A4L$5TP(U+8!(8+Y6
M$#''L1Q'0@&&2CACIN?Q1-%8HH%I'S7M(S-MEBC( -?C2#B.K'PXA\P7QGB
M,6K@.D!=!XAKH^HN EBHW.#*ISI!52:(BE$1%A.D4%&C+B\G8@!I6:A@A!S

M9@E2-L%]7 :WP'$V%B[
K;1?#5EL#E%A0LA '?[AU
2.R[?N^:QH?SQ2-
M91HZQSL @K4 H+&$+0^SH1W

\; $FKG]-







LP!
M
YB;1H/3JGEX)1;]P:IDH 7C$ZCV6DE.HWFXJRK)-7(:!G'H6G^#2:GU;B

M@85-&)Y$VHP$WZAYZ
;)#6@#5#.F0$%%F

$.$RR(B(-6.M(8ABH4IL$*$R8
MPF3USD(!/A &)VEP&I*+D@ 3U7NG-2XTN)B;A+@I5R0!;C(EZLT#
F/C0*5'

CA %*&9CO /4(4X] U4B9S GP3.X:&R2B+/#V
M



MCU13LPU4B;(3W9TSE;Y^'X[DFLFV.A_;_D3G[NGMV.^9^G
J\7QMGC;7P[L?




)J+_PY7$#X\*/$Y*BUL
M7%$U6*?ES.*E2/8R[5S%?9QN]ND


O);GS(]3Y#[88 AH7CGM_-M.8
M38;3_?R#R/*-RW]02P
$%     @ &H$M2HS[XWNV 0  T@


MQ


^HXR1OO.K /
M/+[)7_@\[5^%;7OMR-5X?-G8_\88#YC*X0Y'J

/MAH2&A^.[_%LYS&;#6^&




+/?3[1U I\(?8<8APV!HJ9?Q5.Y*G!@9BQ]YT(3[P]

(OA;BQ/^C\W7Z;C7#


8S8:#KOI


MQO2@\:8Q5G&/IFV9ZRWP.I*49

ME@MW\&#D+U'[KJ '2FIH^#]DQD_PUS/+25S\5_AA+A(1.
41GIXDJJP7FC
M9A5











YYRY



O

VN/;11@
M7


Q.7Y4_TQUNYK.7
+]RA_

MN]!Q'\:;-)EHZX1D(B0S81_CL#%0S/R!.UYD!@=BQMYW/#SQ]I#XWI3!&5L1
M[WSRUGLOQ?;Z)F.7(#1ACB


M965T







9L


M=#$V+GAM;'56[8Z;

2*;FJ:J56BJYJ^]LA3H(.
+6=Y/KV
MM0VA.3/^$VQG=F:-9\TN;T*^J3/G.GJOJT:MXK/6[7.2J.+

L;\\]1
MR)II
Y6G1+62LX


0

L_52BELDNY??
M

@$@

R((L\ B<R@R!P29

(&#)RFNH!10



M+RHJQ*5QO=/#ZM B;:AK O[#N_[J.Y.GLE'17FC32K@/_E$(S4TNZ9/QY-FT
M=


 S]%4$?
M4#E.MJ:!;:#I


M_ OWO

2;0XJ]*8

N8^8(

!Y22W. (M?C!


ME^\3(

M)R%
]%;DI5[$)V.JQR31NY



5NNQ9/

MBP
_Y^997K^(IJ!1'#75?Q
7D5NXR\1J[&2N_6^T.VLCBX;%IE+PM_J:E?YZ
M;?AO83B F@#J!22UD

M22G-DXLC:C#K&D







.YV8N]5


MK=1*JU1-G[TP7!0;4]LLZ=_7-H12ZKQ@S_C
.3/&
^DHY*MJ #1ZXZQ3&6ZT

MN$BD!LZI_'T&)L8
[_[X[FM&VT=)$][6L-WT#_ZBS0665C*ED.G6M$A56&

P9HE
&K]F3KQ(

ADY#+_(EJFJ=2
\M#Z








2C_;
8O
/?SCI*Y^6]P!87P4 GF*(UR\4O*
MP7FC9Q4L18NWZ91=/
=9_T;;)O9P.\(;$H4*_\DO@R:T9BI]GW(ESQ[LAQ
M-F4(QE'$?UB\P^BUX/M#QJY!:




M='


MMJA44D-G)7;$0)W3N_WAF 9\!/R2
-K5







PA)8524EM*$AI24FOMV2(SI=B@)(L=

M@6+C
(



M?5?D#$F)@6-@[6+1 BT0;-'V6HF9V%C)\DI*O'W[2K+CVL/#[=[$DG(X//S[

M;2@W4Z&ZRD@IE]7E;C]?+J9O#^URT;SVU6X?'MI9]UK79?O/*E3-\7ZNY^\?


IL0(%C!  ;K-BVXK
M8I^%DLOB?T0W5CRTXF




 9&2-D0S.KB[_

MWQS.-[S9Y9IY^2]02P
$%     @ &H$M2LT]YP1 P  @@P  !D   !X;]W


K5$FD)EVR29M4

.;38[&G/ZG\=7SBZBKHHFS+
MFC:B9(W'Z6[F/\#]&G)-

M7=*JTI&4CK\VJ-_EU

M:@M*?


T28H$

TN^A

2X?6]!_40D



4

M


/G0 8\.^-TA
L4/9*;4ST22(N?LZO'A
M8_5$GXEPC=5F5MIH]LZ\4]4*9;T4&

$TZ*0$6?4B!7BA(M

FL1HNJ$(O+(X')H0NT$B)TCD $DMD$$3
MSY*@*


M-.&CO7E;ATCMGALE=:*D2Q3[')1+36P?V0\E=QB9$R-S8%@;7V;+XYC@R )Q

)


E$DPW6?$/4$L#
I.EO1=G#4Q)REY/KO'H0:

5D;8
MXA=+T+7O!D

(2$#  !S#   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R-RYX;6R%
M5VUOFS 0_BN([RN<;=ZJ)%+)-&W2)E6;MGVFB9.@ L[ 2;I_/]M0O;1?0FV
1]#$Q$3AQS

8S 



 2ZWWN$51D.)D4I1


MVX$KDU0) K/9N# 2I1

MIJOMO)VX-%(W19/5L7-^(+K5L]9SW5&;%O#-3=^.?RO:8]ETWI.0JI$T[=Y!


MC9?A;ILP%(5?!?$  YL :95$:C)-F[1)5:=MO]W$25 !
^
DW=O/!DJ#?:#Y




MF6*KA1073[:_5L7

(8)%1$W\;%$M<8:
9&E8YH9)E!(3.08&8)
M08PM9)H9(FAD!@DB'&!9(;F@I8A*K$L2D6$@*A:0WM!0QMI!I9B!D#H7
M08(Y3G '$]S=T%+$W%F53#

DX4@*Z# /

!E-@N\ $T%(
-B0 G268C*;5$.0E3G,!
ME,1V/0@:V8,$VQ)!?N(T%T!):HN9AH9BL#41XG)B40;H$N8K37  ESDX$



0T
QV*






MJ#HK+;A7
58X?9O&KG?CZ/6OM# A]81T)B3DGX3
$[*/$H@GD 4!3Z6XWNRI

]RN;=


M!J
8WYEKTII'9 X8--I.UV8NIZLT!5H
_I7 \U-5_@%02P
$%     @ &H$M

MADD8IIC3?D!5X6)'617BHED_P%$&ZL(YE7\.P
14H@C= J_]N=
V@*MBI&?X

@82V1$_1_I!9O1/\[&%2=_/ =G(2XLTNOC0EFU!
MP*#6UH&:X0K/P)@U,F7\7CS1BK2)]_.;^R?7N^GE1!4\_:K;W17HAP%#;3T





MC


M_=!&!!SVVEHPTUS@%3BW3B:.OX.I/S+MPMO^U?V+2]XDLV
*7@7_4QUTN?8S
MWSO D9VY?A/=5Q@2BGUOR/X[7( ;N8W$




MBEE@F&R041D.8.)4$R$8983#(B-
(Q

M\E?[S-4N&*


;


MYNS
?ZI:H:R7 F51'EQTH$&SZ35PH@&C(E#1QQ30E6(#9^[P-L%VKD#0G0$Y


0H]3)5:]X/TGXC63M\) 3CETKQ
M'U!+ P04      :@2U*)EL*_2$  (!@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O




MEAV1L.'T5[U7U2K
PF /!W*BZH5WGZ'/DX9!'_XKG(%JN'&B]R@YE?8W*$]2



AX&W.B


M


MF;/ZA6B2QE+TGAQ^5DOLG=@=0W.8N0VZLW-[QJTRT6L:/NYC?+6)1LQIP 0S





4

!/V\7\)X40(WPB^FV14YDO]
M3 W-$B4'I





M+]NRYDU7BL9K^6[I/\)#3IDV





657H



MY05P@8+P!H$90)





6N

Z[L330-!!R



X+GAM;(U4ZVZ;





M-^WA1X'=+2(*W0J1
T1D^^
/(1X7(0;
VF+:(43D+WPX

$=(['32'QK)%B(








)V)9%5



_N)]


'LD O7AS(K3#7&SIV6
#!7Q43EWK(=]/O XW
MO5ODRO9






.9!+SV6765F7

]-SYP]X:(SJ_YY(H2#H/0?Q4'48J0NFQ9.
M7Y3L:;37)DVG SSS/26P5W\!5!+ P04      :@2U*T
78):L   -@


2YX;6Q]EEUOFS 4AO\*XKX%&YN/
M*HFT


M]+H5W;+LJX:WLA)MT//#



M?P^# _ 8@&\!B'P8D(P!B1
0#62VU
]


6A2
MJVFMQN$L?07-88H$I$@ BL*A&#1T


ME2F\41[RQ#V]D BE


M/@BAN$X8/^J$)WTWNS5J?E#F-=/O_7!!&1I*=./E*[K= %?_ %!+ P04


BYX



&U$L51
B+

MZS#6OZ6Y$Z(Q(9H2PO3#A'A

M+'70]
X\4VZ%BEZ+)/Z2H:LN-&+V%A/-
.&$0*KZ1!&Y*/;1*CUZ2W!8(^+(




M&B\^CH




Q/U
Y8X3SD;'#Y^K![K


OUKLSFWI.3 7Z1T^]K0?F-=M)YP3D^HZFDM3
29!

M[!


F#6#\2
X.[0@$1TEJ
MD..[;NPTH&[M/).V%Y)G^

K_6Y8L+@Y%D'
MSO -LE_=^$G9_)RK!O8TAJW%H&GC?WLK8M4X7@=PU[.MM;(I
#QN_B\/VX
ML5TA)8

\GI1;KWD8!9ES%8Y&S'; ^ M,N,3L=8PW
M(1RN8)+AFV1L?4.(:!EB9\+$B@P=XR\1A8X(?+/2P%BP0/+#A8I$46'K
Q!
M0F.0T. @5;HR8&*):24F5B [ T2KF([YX@5JT0R@N:=%1I$QHTC/*'85*0
F



]CT?G\.TN[L?
M9N]/0


MAR

0];G2':UKC:1T_!E W9%3


 ? OQ' X(A(!@#0I-[+\QD

%GV_OX$Y\@
MQ:
/4O@CB0^2^ 8@_$ 2622]3VQ\6N/CXQ5
$H D 4 26R2]3_0(20B2A !)
M8I&$

MA







M2]9V&OA[? DAVLU+/#
^9^;
4/S+$R-WI$)LV^9^$79P?J9U.%




9DU=*,15T4T]'X-02C$['F3H<*R3A!(F(:?VZBX)



4$F=9MB+



M\F:?+'ZXC&)QT]N]'\P\P:''02

2^5+'I C)!L6]_8?P)P#_&'
'9IBCVQ


DFQ;X P @D@T$4. ;:E)G-G'
@H23+?G&


Z-4T8I(
MO=

M+8L@!P
CM
R*?[VW6@V_^[''_+X


I^M-F%@-U53EN*KVYT58E!8K_.ROI(]


]UMCWYA[7IX-8EW[X*





/
Q*AYEKR.ADJAA_K?XS(XI/I(_FX

M&NB5!)[B$IYZCS

I2WVE.1M(GSK!JIX&0VK

 /1!?Q!9+5L+*L#2?U0[X0NZWM;KE5[G%GNIMI6-_&^TZZ?O=N4ZW?
MLWV]?8[3\O8


MW1:;;/;=UJY+LF) X@3





M)-0








52H'&-

&O#RN+0^6\NDJ$B69894X98JPR!O(G)1;BR'




M1I]%7X

228E N:%?'%X$B\107$9?QK
KB*/I0
#!JKEH8Y1WF.RY^I:
M7






;


#RJN
^(MG#URGY2?UV&Y E
VBNA)
MJE&H+1.R-$#:9

M-*_[T1S% 7

@04IHRK=


M





@&M)__?!

M3LTYL\MZ1*!\C*^NW*[DD@R)'I;PA\ GXDQ_A[KV



DX1TGW;%@)&?1#!Y)#T002!XD
P+Q:[QR )&'W




M3M%G0$QI/4B]016S(.@!Q5GDNC
%

P&ZZ'U+\89[_JB]XY+#GE7482

;4GYX8SR:T^RH2$=07%Z4%^'QW /

M8Q@@(P9SD



M!G@.05)X+QN\)H4&TYD8^U


 O%JXVX



MEM$G=9%  J [NU?'?FAK3L%DWL6FPZ&VZ=O'N
YK0G


. HC]1AOA C*T24A'=ZTSN3

F9$Z\Z7_?&KP


MPB
7=TP^E2$V(9

U 9KEI!_:2 *%-R#X^$87[N-E&%W10++A!#)R8

M56N

M@X'YUTG\%994)C&&@_Z4QTO#'O1GU5]LLO9^TEONA8)X@X'Y*DV6.3R('\ #
M[


M% DVP6@N.DQR


KPVMGYQ!1XO'!W
M23V2H8V(]T?P/CVJ-;.I4O %UUMB;:S/_ZKMH*R7NB&JRA[('**&F+;-174K
MXZH&4QE3DLDT:?
W'


ZP@U#
C3Z\Q':1YCU

/
P[]I2G'C7&ZHQM8*0RW]GPR;D8VVK;[&W5F4)R<'P&91C[O[*JV1]NI_A


MZ

-7O8Y+9VK^I_-G595:@


C@#\,ALB\O:DWF;*Q




MYF FP+; ('*I@N

M/1=3F!S\[TL/F']RI(:.D7CBGU&6?H^A\10!J9C:Q9AZ_)4/0V^1]PI)7P]
MRX3W@)EQGSPW;^L-GSM0;Z^K
MKX+T?ZT.WP'IE.=).%%9L\SNE
[Y(KA7@9L3:_4B50@ 1'3
B0GLFV839^9Y


J8YS(B^8D#













9Y4^
 F*5W%$)R'T*D.N*= 8J23MNGEG2
M4%9X :?ENH3QH(\
*RI/Q3/B0=AP)%4W2S=,T$M58F8JH@)!RP9C*/TR
I
MJHE)HK@)@!I [IP2*^WT&U)0W6Q.)=XO]0;VV4TZ$O'^O(=)UGZ3SEL(Y@

)'94X$/

A3. O5X  Y]
M]/'8&T]1N








A;X$06!@
6!MGV#KD[7^7(18$6-VYFV\W

MP

MOZHD*L[B_
:3




ANV8A.PL8



BC&$)




QB(DET]
M


W@B:[/

XV&

M50F%YC

*W2
M !1 V=_&

M?EV]I?97
C=


E-


3




0
.\@


Z'S: X_PMAVJQU3WDA<3J6]8F@\&=TVSC*:N3MDG0:NJ)
MO*9:@SGCTX^P5)U\N;@$NZO3 $UT_OZ3?034O2-K]8U ]\TG[02^=^6L.D#X
MUDKN





S7
E


W<OCG@G<\.W;\CXTR1-?]@
MR[L5O/T/(%G/&+9B+_XEW@</S&^\#HE/)%$5T_G0<6ULU(!F72Y?Y%A;.RZ



Y


K('EC-W$6+

HY]H#)33B@+6$)OB:

;(J!M-4W9O35PN=Y'TV





^AU02P
$%     @ &H$M2G5V^S.
 P
M81\   \   !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6S%F5MOVR 4@/\*\M/VT4&)[VHK;0V
MFQ2I:J.FVSNU3Q)4&R)

Q3^RU


7V2$+^ZXK]D

M5Q=9[N^==/Z;9]6JQQHR9L^4?V'G5=Z!]P=Y[=.F5I6OO6)7LI:Z!+8
;8

\MHT6P0Y(2 G@T$N
M-Q*WY)2 G [7DK+=(





M&]) EM(4!820UI(8 L)RD)B2 L);%!64@

MJ* L5*2P4'0[888Q*0L5*2P4PSSX;V@+%0$XT.I] 5K/Q0KVY]%:U_7LJZ

GVJ8HQIWZ



M0&_CZVU ;[O 60DZ+.'K;4!OX^MM0&_CZVU ;^/K;4!OX^MM0&_CZVU ;^/K
M[4!OY^OM0&_GZ^U ;^?K[4!OO\!9-SKLYNOM0&_GZ^U ;^?K[4!OY^OM [U3
M579Q_9R[7;U-YR[Y

MXY?FPR=02P
$%     @ &H$M2OW0 !J^ 0  [1P  !
   !;0V]N=&5N=%]4

M)TE(BI1 =+=$))Q9FZ=3:
/C:6?&]=5XT?)T4(]I$QGQ54:Y\:2TVLS(RK
M=8BG;LZLSA9Z3DP
!D.6F290$_JA[9%
1L\TT\LJ])ZVU]O6XT1;6Y69#J5I



;P8:1JKGK4+
M+_F(U&Z=G/*3AL?6U_MAOXQ;=-^/O??HF?=X;RW?KD< B2'!



M[E_.R3=02P$% ,4      :@2U*'R// \     3 @  P
M@ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
4      :@2U*9O,+8((   Q

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M !J!+4J+



M970Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !J!+4J
!\TWN0
   \1   8

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      :







M970Q
YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 









M:&5E='

[(!  #2 P

M 0(4 Q0    ( !J!+4KT^AJMP$  -(#   9                10[  !X


4


  '



M4$L! A0#%     @ &H$M2J%#QF\$ P  )@X  !D              ( !'E



M=#(Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !J!+4HESKA^X@$  !X%   9



M='



4


X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !J!+4I313KR7P(  (
'   9





YX;6Q02P$% 
4      :@2U*T,78):L


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ &H$M2G5,K\ZM 0  CP,
M !D              ( !A7T  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T-BYX;6Q0
M2P$% 


*.@\  %:]      $!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plan Assets

      
      

 Plan Assets

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001437749-17-000650-xbrl.zip


]MG[98N6
 NOMA(OFA2EOX.W$AYG+X9P_3G\8[ )OD
MLU^HZZ6_(N^E8

M(-F.;?NC]#%
C[_W)F/Z'AZJP%.4
R-\SV5&^D!P(V48UQMSQ?-P)^4%3[*]

M(A9@6ZF?::@R#+VF=]KM=NU

MZM5%(-55(-6KK75 NB)CYA'KTC;OQZC)@5V_4I!3]\;W?$Z_
9N-_-$#F8RH




JZF? \[/E&#_66.XJ-5CI_F9Y'TWV B[YQ +3
MUV3NV*3#QJSP2F'[4^?*[2)R-FP46/C6 =L^FK!M8?L8.[+ON3?M#TZM@[



_4K98.@A



M&Q-[[\'%52!
7PKKL!2:CM^SZ/RZMPRMG_:
374[=.*+

M R9EQLQJP^PAX.0EG[0=/B*67(0:^GFG/1^3.0B+S*ZO0
SU2 :8O7)
PY+_

MLKI6SUF*)3K=V@;'5-MK*O_[P)TQY=X$7_4N;?/+'SX;8Y;52@EP3Q[Q1$[6


M*HB6/&L%GWZRB?%C/3HH$_MJG4:S.(2XM*Q[#V0]O#B?K5?KKI^MMU

U+-0

P/3&QYGT1H-PBCF66R0?-LODPUPD'Q9VFZO@X*^]

J/SU
 O-^HWF[K49.U#*X@R$29WX)?RM;%\
M-4OY2EN5PS%62#+8;02H=1HI#T^4OS!Q9M/URFR']2'
6SXO@#60D1Z]?F,
MV]Q/;+G=4HI/3L2G5CUV\5G9/NB+?W9N'ZPA;+,0%,0FN$5SFHKS_ 4QF*$


MZFGCX#R&-D[4F]:&T8D


M



%L

M% Y(JW7ZW[0[RD/&E5JU50!J 2?_9A

9?;@VN?P_Y+3
M(SBVY2YEQR!LC[0YQ=9'Y
!46XO/VBTUU=K5 U$-[N!IGDO3I.:S\T2)ZV#;

PNP&\)F%O!SW:ENJ 6


MAKD&L31L&)MQ(.
D^J\5ZV1TH*14C% 4-*22S04[;]+$KI2O8Y6OR H):R4
ML%+]F+.H.E^!!)VW[/801#%E?,R@R(?7,).(CS.\ 'W[XIP/YC/BL%3WO



QIRZX'


M*L$JF?MPTU5&] ]G6;.@O=:[7AG7SVI#-&]9D?O;$
VV2F!.TB8WWP\M:P1F
MHKES;C@4$]+3


XR+-9B
?'+SY9N4ADY9S*H^[





KN
Z)


[4:5!)/'6<6A$<Z8XPD.W=

M3W=.?*29;\T.]9U:UC_!';3#+@&WKNO#U*TQ9&=V2
4WIT/#^H3
_C09]1QK


MF
3U!^Z
@9$GV*')@WM;./OM!9VC6K7Z/*?N!



F$0CG&I@A& /
M-%
C+GS$ A@&Y]J VI3#D_@^

9

M6)BZ[A


MZ#1GMR[C@ZT%QW(UVE02HE%M-]NKPO&9N






K




M !AA2 *)2TV\(TV

UB.HGX)




MW.F$90
6'SK&98I

MBK:: =%

QP!T




MUP:I$S76
4S+7X0;-&6YV

M1SI]/7@4!D:E&
(Q)+ .R865<<
?X4%
0UPPF8&KCUCX




_));5^9[]
&F
M016P7UT?O-TT EUHGT-_3TL3E\8?3V'T35TL#@^' L*
E
+.O?9^A:(@%2



=J)P.'X<K3%P5F*9H''F(:[K8/V%F-WK4@59)2_!W+ZPR/B=
B?1P9T&RF1&EA%L6-;PPR(J@[3OW*2<*(X%DJJX\
M*G1!FH6^BO-C&NL(9B1:'[YG$3Z@YW*']@=6A(MI2R'GF 3E#84+..4RL9L'
M[ 5ORHW77F*G



:.Z+KQ\[]!0O62MU

M&.:EH9$W0^-F6M_S]-3.:8EA? L:2TK$SD;*(PRNK)61I2PVDV5**MD.7D\,
M_DKICSL)DJ#:%1V0 M.5]UP6

MQ^!VC*V
B6'1\T4UA(]]KV V8DJ)
0R/


MV%ECXKI$)I-Z#(L8!
&4
)OI7/
FXR Q2KX@XT$:7/P!YJ
_AO&&00
H3.RC


M0&BUDK;X?.N)V+I]:A:DNDW#N6#@R)[$HT]KM/W0@EJ!ZQTRNYB=BZ/76 =3

[G.O=@M5*!

C(MV*G.*)B9Q<+88_:/V_?;Z^1_X8O6O
M
W3 ]/6 H@::'&-B





I+]$/!Q'C4J'&%.CG7*!/(R6
=

BU&FQS\0^CV7UHZZP.U%7A62\$XO78

X01[
MS



M
MJY[)P:]E/%W

MXD@4-MD0U5@X?


]Q.L9Q7L#ZP






35#]0]2^D/&04=!
%$@IQ5IL9N!Y


; NV2@2@0S\'P


M:6





 )O_) +G^KW?
M1?J;@[$4!A9(GQD8F#+I@%




$@6%G8]





9G



M;5\43






NF0-J8R8;\!KV:1M[L[X(:#]


M)#60#\Z#

7DQEES9?2&#FD%FY=S.N=Z3R&G2Z(




M^
M#Y\;P[PO4G?.Q4DM5+
6][I;^=J[9V?

MRP$Z5%?Q[7




M

MC
;W5V!!&WOI)96$S
DQ+

(Y]V)GYL-B8S^.5I@ECR2
MR'K*GMT/G72G8O:^SX6*.6&F7^!?KLCT=X1ST6[OR0 74[M-=/@!GGS UQC&


M


R/A.G325)



C46#;P5G$^&L5Q?!V57#66O7-H4SZ!4F
M]@1CX8:K(-D;8*V6]6:$M!F-0'FXK&W@W,Y09MM)9RMVJ[AO)MF9&UTKH*
U'MBV%@EOT+#T7<

.'+F5#_K*^'9[*I5
:


^N7



MX'21Z#5ER0_KKE5;.Y)'ZA#75PWA[

MJ-Q&C+#U)WBKV*%4]&$=4NTWT&/@

MHFZI+- %@(\($ZFUTVX[F83W?FHU#Q*(:26/SY@^#P\D9S!U%
Q/
S'^'S[A

N&G=


M4


NUMDPAM3T+8J6ERRKC:N:2 J
&AM*X8Z6$G%4*EG
6RXA
MRJA!T5R\97A$OSU1+CT :(OQ/VK?;Z^?_X$O5O\ZPQUXMO9

W '8@R.NSWX


M
)825DI8*6%[



M%0HM*GB2W0J)KX._)S(=R*O
5&TG5.'72.Z?@]BZX?B/@I?RHTCDXA0BVM






WR+H!AAH\CIO&$[$(8-QD=26'L.Y[(

M=OBG
RU?EU9?/Z


M%D N[:K9:30R ?+6=?T-J=A4 MBMMEN+X9/#;@C;L1K+8MLX1V*\%V[WNN
!<@4R=K8@XRI0;MIXN*7LZ_JIJ]<;*L#2.O@N!68I

RNY7]O\7JCD4W7WK
:WL0X]%][S(W-_
M7'$**.*OM95\IUXJ^1/^8F&$?F
E'Q
5H1P


[+O;[ZV&K:TV$S
7

J#/@9#QDAL;I +GC
M0OL*[\'8)KA+GI

T\I(UT7J4VAH;C8@'
!'K0GL6?9PYGZ!#*C=U


#@&#
+5




P5QMD-
;UZTY@C@
MB6J&J:Q&Y+9!T
S=?)P'W;_Z\*]X3D]6$$7B?D^YJASGO6(P!7)7N61Z%R#




=R%1A
MY(@;[OQ)[1OX(@QK @CN/'





MD!Y#D_A7D5I!&L;Z4WU6889*%.'W!NB'YQ2#:RC*YISTLY0+=ZBJ5;[W:;

Q(
M/WR*3I0^1S0KF
1M_&C..!

I$2.;.S!8F31TDI5'6

.U[XR


M-7)X
KL.N$'FMG+

M;B9ILPK:L\0

QZ:B7W4C=[?)M#5

38!E/95L96&\W:




M9&?P+Z_+IMS.Q#)BC24

MD+8'6'?BLM']!W^2KBY04YLNU975^M+-])7@&.'*Q =Z7M/9M7ND,,1 F.
M353R AE<#J.N!E4RTE87Y@:LB54#QQ/]'N3!XO8'JR&7_[PV7BTH3JH*VV_
M3CW=3%H.Q^[@7X'2ZN0_?8FX;0J_L$+@+ZI6#_^Y(8R+ IR?)^(EX7G)8QK1





=L-K?J2$]KB6NT



M$NR7G&$TX?#D5-O1\YEGAR7G'?5^Q6
8LLAZ(7A5O7XTYPS9G1$D2U+GAX_5




;SOIWX&


M_F@L6C7]!@QU12P#'3MF#X*'[GL6&PA&0F


X'FT

P6L/84M4-QGOW.\?]-8JL)&!J0R7 0&U]+-
MR-W!?D@JK67JNO]-SOSAPV+0J59-\V5?MHZC!4GDFH_84TW*3
DYB
/@(1J

M4U^V1;(/PJRPLZ#.

=-3=&E8CCL!U.[KD<L]5G<6U;%MZ=X19+X%W8KT5D6?-WG
M9Z66G)Z@U]ES!? 9@B&QK-M
^3X

[F SF7MIE^+&QY

NV
NMONL.2 N@M
C64VV+ZINYZZ4)O9

MX]!46X_#U$6:EBW:^:/:




M?&85J/:+VJ$88D%E^NT9(A.J%4DOJ]O3M//!H\]#3C=3R.KBW_I\CX.-P-HS


MJ:


M8+OD:BE.^&OEP0


_QR59E
3OYH3X\:R+8AQ&:2QPNI:HB#BRVQ$F




M\GX.2+


M#!XJC;4G/'ZS/(##HXK
AX+&NY+Y(/6JFLT7IH

;1?T(=@G






#+)I@S&KL
MSIB8YOR=GL--RI
7ITCPZ4\S@4P 3_VB#O#\Z\OC\^W5Y==P-CUG//.AXNJ$

;!V:G =]28'
MBQ465V9

VA@XHEO$@
^XC+4*G %%7-L==9

+8OM%79]'U
L-\+




U#0TYHM-AG8I^W


MC 




MK0;6F;#E;&&QW7!FDHF&M3.IZZ%CL7\05S$7]C%N74\LT]JEJXT)]]#10E)P
M.O MDF 78V*@!]6?Z@0W SA7L.?V-&PS


9KVYGZPF?7+F
T4
MVMV


\XDG13[3OL.I?.Z9O%'W


M7M2-OIJMDJ\WM*U4JWA^M-]:MEI-N41V]!DG-&
F@0]

:W\AB




XO'(R
M_N5


C2M%T%PJ61MIS@







VQ+85<F;][+<G@-J FMLQZIR
MFZS?I]S5^MP9B2K;]&U



M]813BQXN


N9]KMG4TYQ^6L0\



MU'

MDQ2F-$[I]!RET]/

MSXN^*%V=HW1UFLTB53 M(P3' 6'AQ:;=/9+&V6$X'&@*C14HC%OW1GCM*=

NU;S2/8YBU$!

+

ON;0''L $$+U];%
;4F)Y0\T@O
S'. ((
M^^FZ;7S1OWH3Z:?'%_F'\+2T[WO%8]^ERF
EBP;^/@FHXY-5@9(B@VA(7W




MLYZ3

M.2;K
@_F;.I<?J'SSB@Y V)IQ%;PRQC


M SK/TWJ43X7((!&?P/'G XU2SV@UH3O&P#Q)Z\[_K&


%

3@
N
)-R%QZD(_%9

*F X)_G&
'-^0T44]YBA]P&'8,
MA3D-VHL&Y!$H R:(-N;]NWV& BB15^%K@!@).7@!YIF1@SPA_0K*R83V5<Y

$'BH-@HN(4Q-7T.;)YG[D&L;0))3R!Z_Y#,%6]J69Q$&!8WPJ=(?D

56N01@74$DHSP<_3E6H

M8O&J_PVKC0N&'#S@BI@3#@=_HQ+!6$/:1]%)QZA5)/3SQ1U@V?IVYCQT,7

MLE(C!^Y0/#NE/_SH(S1X$ZB 6

&Y1YA-O@.&)V6JZFHC1BN87_*


M

P.YXE=Z28+-8

M;4P-L94F/!9Y'9$5SW/17UI&JB-Z$LMUP/QR#=_%D#XHE?A2#Z1VW6B_]%SB

M6YOJX(

A@(JA:F6TB:MY9](W)]36F]MTP

M


+_/3 1B
4I



4?1CUU?'6:QSI^^TFNE
MOBKUU1'H*\$&X$E:C$R9B\8=1N!0:HMT&




MV?^UE
9BEBR_.XB]GH=
M


+
O%ELL6'2AWW^HYV2=*]EP/:L2C)<X\.L*XD^/&VQJ*WCNX


M!RE:6#JX-KG





)8?V1/?Y^W=$\CL'3R3@9_02+K%


%[<GU(UWAX0]8IDA#Z83@%X





_V


MY;3)CB-9VR%7*AS^2^]&KF!/(@CM\
GT?=1\VTU35257G^JMCB(@L0NP
Z7(
W11+LW?P:N1MM^6^K:I7&G@_570F@5H1UBL-S,M%1:Z
MKHCB[@)_Y^]+VUN&TG2_KX1^Q\J--
1Z@A(30 \V^..D&6[1[MM6:_EWH[Y
MU%$$BB+&(





BT%G


M5BZ6QOCIS1ESA*\&MSM2O+T]:V3_'G/7G?Z[+R\$$:D?-7&3WG!S0HOL_'8(

MN::M*7(&14X^X6MO?+4(7S ZMDZTBTYC[X:%F+JW+L2:#&G
))OUU1+ER&E;



MC8) *)%5 ;(JSVTXC5)

B&(



RNJAT O(25(/
M@#'


MRFE/Y(@(4&6Y TC&8+2-439+7!0DY8I ;:]2F#5V;MH9AMX'X=:B)(J&3
MT+F3LL&




Y\BBT &V#Q *\9L\+7(95(TIX5-8 =@ 8N3GPO
C!$(ZAI-*$2REW
MG\!)X%R9]=FP:PG.(S@N#E=7Z0GT!*Q**28?VO6D/:,:4:]FSX2#I:Z-OL?[
MGN\EGGS,^6V8&;_+B2I,RK'1E96^7V0R4R*H 697G-HKN%'TSO1<#^1QW


M$%RGL5R1B)@KQF&

M#




+(S;B

M7$

8LG[P6.

M' ^ISR/_6?[TZ$EF]*;W*_M/RH







[MO
M8SN7IF[#6J))O6*;EVZQ$9U#7JJ*-21TO\@-XOZ')Y6G*;:SH/.XOM7-E22V
$+MTNYD!BEWI(D5J&\/E/4NU:%)2T#UNF6&

@S5




=-KMSH[TZ 





M_2(2KAHX?^!1((\R?D6/D&3G9^!)+?$%H.?$%KSOCI..
L?!9VG81^K/D1B*





*'0&MZ['U7!T]G 1$)\[NWR_O+]FO
M5U=WE^RK/(/9IR8QX5ANA!C'.D3J+&HK:]^AH]&3.+&20DRE_;/69ZO_MA?

MRY;\[T;VGU-U@JIPEDPY5^7_I/XI[LH6D+NR5?I=:9JY=^6]-QK[WN!9@57M


M\62&7&JQX:P[ )/& W=F@




?ICN=A;!-M1%X06J




MI;%R52K9
HGF3ERE\]/JO8F77**E;






MM6XYS=ZF7DAF(8O)5M!4/W;UC];1%I/?6[C3;16RF.[D.)3^/BF'/]9B\@OF


O=CU]J6=K^5-^X4[?T_K3'^2]X8DXF;SX1=EWIVVW


M=P+



M:W?*7:[^_7%8NK-A;

&


M9F&OANN:^6.JFKW&&I%SX

M.B6'4[[;;)?\X$+7/@KI7\


_?%Y5V8YT4^1/&%SVF!Z3T#*W8(L;

3TTGT_*\;98SY&

3$E.]T!KKF1S9A






MO?O\Y?V'+[.V+G]KZ/]CYOB)Z3ZI.PL)JPY8K6' @!\8;=7;U_?W/[Z^PT

=K='S;P\-7U__[ZY?/OM^\OKC__]OF+
M9&/'$6(P6

)@NETV
E$3CZ5I.YW=%3R3?@B?!6*
C!WKQ<H^\0V$\/]JV5K]6H*,5EMSR*+ZIC;SB0SW,BP6,A?U =
MDGGT/.E C$(N0XL%P: 0?3;L[4]7,%B.0J@UHI!@ Q\VI_;*5-\30S7\%:40
MO;76N6R0:P:BM58[*,&G$#W8NP1VF&G!#




&D0Y'&H!H7H

':S--6.2F0HOQ^B@M[J&3T;B/%
=C*T728(;0.AIF%U

M1K55$W&1S$ 9@4!H1]\6

MQWWFAS&.6EBR?RII_W0


U&  C-G=


2@&; P*$2?AG$!@^'(ZU

4
MIF-V)X)8/HG]YO&^YWO)
[L)7/'$N



M8QX\7VJIFB50JJ/XVY/DMMX;YH=21E\P^9S15(R'L]5(43Z3N4J.9YPL_WW!
MN*10OF(Y




N7%X0K:=6O
M]X*!G_VD]UH^33@\3N)+]CF-F'A2:)


TW5W=N5 O;J@H[UK7VGXPHGV

RO[,IO()Y+7M7AQ


M+.0(%0)X&2&2

M2M4V*OX1NB[C_;AS=5,O2:Q2V*7Q&YA:DV+\$7X(GR16D-J#:DU)Q[5/I2


62C!IQ _V!N771@\1VO-Y3@4X@?['2SPP0[):D4?12?$XD-=O[K



M9+3YWR;?P;'D%12O6?O!ZYA \.;V_8=;^2NK



0RM:AX\A;O6MF
4P^6.VS#

V7 $Q;#5@B6%@NB9\



MXIF)T=@/GX6(+]GONH]P




MZC@$^\[U:U1QA#MI'BV/)LX.)RM^&639]\\J^[Z
[5C7X+J4U[8NZ58!MX[]




A


X+-#/$B?Q;5KFK9UX4#Y&_MXQF:RF!

M0EX)W[UD^

M898I#H[^4C+I2VAH ZP$46':1J?=.X60DF]NMQLDI4A*555*54Y=6UW0T=ZU
MKYZ[+AUA)5O@I(E4:$]Z?;L;
7.8C







JH
M0$^&D5A*
U2M/8I_[6 EN9%=97W8_FUT)W4P6AJG.?]&A96\Z[6IY73H%;
MQVCTEMK8E57?9ANFU5I^





&@1LOF#2K!33
M#O61

MV6FF0
B;17U*;G;6PC%2/372.+






MBIQZ#760(C:0/IPD1%X7(N0 *_HHMBP&.9\4!/U(/K'CW@&V%)]NF/9]@2M)
C3\O*E!B$B<$65&P)1QZ5*=EQ:WF:ITYUZW6H2D-./A75[7=T

@PW(U


Q@'&F/[A


$)/[CV*$%.6 'N4XKTB8 X?Y1T

MW&?G#]P+?IR?CQ_&




M
.W[HA)9P8O+06&?@\E
6I6C-N7K$S1K#4U V4\E@W.JY$S^H8:!S__F5G/V


M)/_RVZ2 RY




7O<



M6'
X+Q:1(P:+7H3^0'R5)L
PTBUY=@:4I'U1HBS3:F8%#GD4K[[]



M-(:.$&[\



26.I




O3








M.-4?EU0PE2VA4

TOV4(DD_=3S








8]C_B!4Q/QDDPUT0&)-$[D8@
ECR/I=;B^\^3

MTM4RBS'!5+$N%F


MB1

/]Q(KU5('9Q5'6L
M&2Y0
6Q=5




15EKXK+03DH99P



([ 7F\HP:<0/]CI9H<)=LI**?HH]25@$\Z

;<KZ=VV&Y<=


%.

%B.L%YO)
&G$#W6Z5Z'B75*4RGZ**YY/$0A

M0J0-@VU)B) 0(2&58B0)H)&B%#Z3]%'\364*$(ATZ$%!]:+0UN*0S=,^[X
MLX@]A/KB*E$&
P&F+;MJW+=WEJN;X@\@.!X&.Q
F1,@L!DQ70M$B0D2$B0
MT.5.F1
$B8K=KDO.E)^2KCDL]5O_..G-+YXX'S\\[TS%&[JB\^#*]\/':[Z






WI6:A-$VC:0)I



M

A9I


M\VX




M4X@?[V;7:)D6#+8CO*-P-%7'J?1[$ DG? B\OZ0F-HZ\
%)_G%4]X=#$H!FP
M



M^8\O8B!9X4^K8;8NS

/(

MJUX=6+\(1WB/2GN+&??]\#L/'



M6Z1Q$D8?3
QMSYQA^\X(%%0O[]$8=* 



S%4_;/W*)@3CE2S


P F!?TSV6P'YZL),SINBCN!4)\<B
MD@I7\
#\
(Z5

))HT@$B4K]95P/KC%8

R





6\H2A\]/3$


?5XDB9A]




M$012Q%S3?:$Z0J1J7B

M8V\M;




0P
%T3/H6D#1]?

M^.ABN-VN2.O


J5W;*7ZE**[#\%]Y.A

A113A K/HA\5&$)I
@6OML*/H7D


D)

J\A P(J!_=1QT?WB



BP7
VH
M*%[:L=4SS)



.S+FPA%^!18UAJPECNFA3U]K64T&YBF0NW5=8<01 @J
M$$%6&U.YW:GZ5E$RY49=X8\P^B8?QL91Z(@8AW) N55E2;1RN^$;5J/R7:AJ

MS*M8_
CM'L &E1L;41WX'@F3M(&D;K6X](8G3D0$P/ I7(].6Z+3#=.^

M$G$YM-PT;5SY_BXM6@L K(L3J8]((:
MA:\QZ06?5 N]0$3/R\YJ%$H!,-,'(7H+9YFUVCV




M$HZ7!0E4/B$?A5'B_:5_08X!
D

D1=B!^1H]A])D) @


7[D;HH(\GDV^!T%E1
M=+;;0'6!@M%);HNBW197CA.EPF5C_AR%OF\P[CZ**/%B+WC0)42ACL&+I[$(
M8D&1=Y1D53X62F0!(JORW(;30L5T*]U-;Z-'[G!5O&I





MQ7_
%SP6+.S[W@







;17F*OH:JT.D!F$\94\=


MFT!Z6)^PH/2GA

M
^6MIZ\?+7V*./!SYCR]B(
_X3ZMA
MMB[

M521-1^EA&284/%/\/:LO=X=F/^4D[H]SR8EL7^$.+;9C]A-;EMV:2KRJJ(



M
(R*-7L1BG#(D[P7/K0LDU@4%B$KJWO8S1; +I!DQI6C6BL + 
3M  JME




/2O(O0+M

65]59N5GVA1;V4JT%H)#2B1B
8G06I
!C&KCO4]XDA[0!<#J41< Z@)08_*I1'&_HZ
28
(7




00.V5-D19?WNR&J;]AHG I<*B(B\$3(43
MQ=T,I5K@+1.(#;[_S4)1P3



M@B9!$VCV$Y99Z/ECS?-FH=^+!W7-?Q'C
$J\X.$F&*@C4
5Z[YXG?]QK-KK=
M1C


M LPK@.G91A-*EAX!YO04$F#J7@H.A1



1OQZ %)-T1@
M_DL@%.)W6W8

@!8N82:&I$(7K0

MIH+ZE(,MX*FP)[$I3I!+:/;!)I%OGU/8@HI$!3Q0[%C]*!$OPF*!,4Z0Q&H
M@4\PQ -#R!8^.CR:#:-K YDQ73(HCQ_/]!*W]%M14^@)] 3Z GDJ3R]IU(W







IW(B

M;

8S;BT8.W
MN1 %BJ $YK\$0B%ZMZ75







[%ZNXCV(3^)!4I9MO7ZZ^212\?#C3

6%_AS+J1SG(!-=M55\M39DG=_ZR-Q.^NC


M5YI_E&E^L$%K-F;J.'P0*)&G\\^LXR.%//(6Q0

ZD
MF@.7W^%

&D[4%)-4DTE*PP*W LT^_8@V^[LL;1#R-+F(E]LWW0\
M/Q2[; 7B-_O]=KN9UVX@RL=^




[OOX

MJP;0F/_/=[DA@I]-[+Y$W-%L /9HX2;$F2__H(U__@Z\!\J0!0XE.W$$
O:P,FK;L0+^==]KW$??Q,] 1.[1# %_.C 32 J*)#]6M&X]

FV


8#U
M^SV]]W#5M0M4 M4 L4J2P^4BDW]]28[_,W=JFF62 =Q%VJZ6WI4B)#?EH
M*FLGZ6+NJZ^-6MN@L7I(NEBX;K8;-?Z/5K-(UVD6:NVMGKUHRV(MLGER^(





MW;@#M+L8_=H8[*KL
;8Y#3G-SAZUQ:4+L.XH+Z.AK\XBD=E)O'DM&:2#

QK5/ F#5))44D655
0#)VTD

JU
/2:XXB;BXI385Z6'JE:75JO8XBWB@M



M_(^F_93VPIT'DGJ-_I^^HID@(OCCG@] TG\8#;U=UQOUIHX_._C3Z)UIMO7Q
MS-0-O=?M]5IGGS(!9
#&M@

8PX#7O#L


MV'

/B#F.
MYJ

KGY4^


MM\M?6;PA_R3?R



M/#^



M3*4 -/CPH


)5&^ _3N'/EO32D9

M(MY!'^R^7,-/@R?Z!#\'!
IN2?;6$*R
#F5D3VFB[$Q29K98#)5-.I\%P7



M2?S!-9


/YZ7 KD:Y;

33A@2Y.^05OQ'Q(+F$7
MY-($







M.
P


QR.9SN&\)?(




M$[L^GZ*_HD=^.E^\%WUJUN:&;TS@^8U?P =V:G]AWK[V _$3[W]]^++O%^H3
M+NH;N 9.F&TE




M\.6AAV?U1#
KYH]*#\BLU



M7C=:\4_H7+=\I1LQ#=NQ5-*:$TM72OQ+R%))PS8LC6D]$DO5J8;YXCD.$U^C





W2L
:']N&B?






MCQHZ]J388T\4PT]'GO_1B7]VZXT2GM$1T[ =2R6M.;$4Q=7'GUUYQDUSII(/

M&H07I? 2V@;O,2S 4OO=BHP
]^?.@9X44EO/06C446O/07#T
[*%[ZL5$Q

 8JO(=^81OE*PP'.FUA'5)4/&U!81#1
M:0E%GI:@
##HM 

73-;_

MD%^^1EKG

M)EWQ:*!

D?GP6'

48?9+3^&9B

YG_;KVAU_5FV0H-
MXF[OP9+DOX/?_X_4$L#!!0    ( !J!+4JV^98)6Q   /[)   1    8G)I
M9TR
#$V


TW@

MAQN*=O@RIFVH9$

RA0\!6$8U%0'TH4!%%@#P@99S1]
M$O0D0TF!PB10(KA/ R6-+%$3H7AJ(EFB($(!W!GC)U;\V(X+\U6]!3;W&+[7
M3F;SYSF

M1Y2%4Q5RQ2$1 QI^)R


K31$7R*
/NOB@J6Q 'EP&D&F?


M_E/;BZ!VVSA8MAD=8$Z@9R5?BFJ*E9:'#/K:0CDK\6&(8PQD/9D'R6/AV/


C80XJ;&(<!I^^G2S
M)E93)D]3F^J9VN$LX+[GRF&B1WR9BP1#2L.@CID7-6O*Q!VPZWW:(_P^S?5I
M?8W[M.YEGXU]%8:PQP1R7!(0P\D?BUSS_9BROI[^M:W/MQ.\?#/!@[24-GC

GP

MXZ



M-X6:'S&5] +'YT$D*/SS'5BS


Q9MPES
M6PZJ/6E3'DC6Y-M.14@\9@.[$
-[Q+=S3H*



MO:8H48!_$/*!^! \I&+UAMD@+V6I.=&)@FT^S%AH^S7F%)GF]]2']M\?I3

V1RS6Y

(WDEQ.^
ZP




DOP@


MK]!&Y@4P;/T'&98.
PDC&CA6A-]'E,']\B,R4N\-$]4X*#I.Z*
5F2)U/
MK+.I&BJ=)UQ;MPG7L9]
 )K4;M!I  GTF3I1B&=#QY ]Y)K9)+CJ
VD(O_OJ

MLYJ;L6K 5VI4#4)O)$][TWX?!B9
3XC=P:U4@H*MX



@0+(


M@?+BP.2F9 DM!

M%0?

O[?\-;+I#TIO^=L^11;KKM

MMCS9*Z+4I3TU2#4U$$_#7D);#+?GXV=/* LD):ZQ)^]=O]ZHH25.M#N$I2
M/J)=\BQ-%-!D0N_\V?$C%T %)7@J3#:8C=D*P2LULFDX*'S_SS#XHFXB%YKT





M@G
9)TPSU8 ]H(7_!UD9[[
MC\@;(TE..&VM228%2T<4A%'(




MF3L3 ^E5W;RX+K.LF)V=B%^B&7^L7WWM

M2VM5

M[*:?3;;$
2CXAI?\&OE$

?
8

1V]'NZO]*.$2ZR8F3=K)<V/YI;3MFZC;U9KE;Y#
M6$Z'U;IXLQK5')F*J-ZPW$:_.5Q6?68[?SM6


M*-'&RG02?X@
M\:
/S[?U!+ P04      :@2U*]B\.(F$/   LZP  %0
M &)R:60M
C Q-C$P
CA?8V%L+GAM;.U=W7/;-A)_OYG['W2^9\96TJ9-)FE'
M_LIHQHE\MG/7/G4H$K1PI0@=0/JC?_TM0$J6+8$$0(I8M7GQ!PF ^ULL%@OL




88Y4D+*&D+&K@N'SR
MVPT/
[%@0)/\\MG_KJ0IR_D(93DI:5FXJ6Q*12WAFON*HC9GUT)J&8*E$O


M





Z4SR;%MVP-K


+@G]':65P$-93LACS:\
MN\]][U6)0U'
YZK-@(+:6=9/.)LW+-]8)XLB(

(YA 33-.ED2FXUYC F6XQ
MF(+K0T -M02S7\1@DD][E&8^(DQB:H[1/';#%-\;5/BL'4JF

-SB/G$9!Q9 ;;9O<<T.IOVA]<GUXXWPC -

MWCQZ]\%4-L:XB_!!3

M^+_[1



LI;%TYP?3

MJ1G?CC/P13ZLY$MUW3A#U93T0O83,S!QDB19;Q(;7FF$F5OT3F\VZ 7
G8

:EEJ]W/6EG5&/P!QOC
]V P
MQ4XVPM*;K9@'AMAF.MJ3.Z6%_1MS_';AUAE/1#'Q1V^,;15)^@W0_-GNW#
MQM0RP#1LC#/R&O?]


M
%W-(JCO4$3%.:]\95
MV^]C8/&Y4B372H],$OG$F#OZJCC]NXZ19_F;L &5/'E.^)!+P
%T^(+!Q^-

G1
8






IY
6 T 3-:@R<1CP(.:
8')$K1$6S.YH8SV
M(+(/Q9'F\
1I'(=Q?%8? Q7-$9Q@1[C[I875 U25[ZVTIWFTWHA7%C&'S:




OXN2RB:7GC
M[\E



F/Q2FJT]MO;#3N!*6T^S+


MOWE%?Z!NVBY10GVG/










M2P

38Q
#(X7V1E

M:8K0@*3+ZE]_$J0D2S8))G@!DBJ\=+ML 








M?O@(IO[HO_ZQ8'(]^







H?6!H%\/\X7W?S5 'LJ(H&-%BK@QD
M//S3@WA\&_%8D?=^D%-RW=[%R[\ZI\G0$.DZ+A(V
.+N[;Q[UUE BQ19X64


M1)%A-$4DQ!^)0M1*U$AL/Q'%AA+ D1A_)HH1;X7!WN?CNYNZ(6W4G[' Z$DJ
MS69)+9Z(@K#(P%1T]&03DZL/#HB2M(EQ

_63I

+E=2/)8G--,NJU%?^]#.1!J6IA.U%#=Q]OLI3\,%
M<);?M<'&V&Y' \A]$/5KM<[&C6AR=AN)  IH=\






=



=$$]D#WB&8BR17&D]_


W6I:5














M&79W ?#%2_)5 )3ZJ1%3:P_[


M2(NXUM+: ?E-[Y'CULFTNY.4P5KFU(8






\]0E;NWBS(E2G)]#76(3YE
5Q;)LHB;R!=<!O<\
MA0_GP4KIO]TTB@XCVU




K

HI+N -MA.FL+RA!
MFT4IH]$






MB!L4D6B


M4]DOJWM3VOFRO&_C1ZZ*?

M]CMQRUDFU)O%HGJFK(Y47(\A2 /82NGX[NMW?VO.56]NY2:_^+:0ZI$WOGWG



7\251SSV P+=[^V ]Q'PV
M#NID

MS\6Z
8;:N#\%B-EYEL=+V-Y1531X2^
!Z9?I1Q#[+^(L9
D_.
-/0*_1??:X
MCM3I9(_/YO


M!O

3/%!T]H\5R<Y'\](2+G01G%#3#3PUZZW;F+AP\916A.-&;;B

XBD&]



M3HYP]Z8]M:\O4[CBBC((CF5Q=KN2G$6S].]PK:GMK6(!WS6 
NWNP$D)3&8V




X%_F!-

!W-OKKX]$SFWMSCS3U3
M
PJO2/QTBN=B#<(%2J9O8
MT2Y@W2#Y8[Y1X




M^[Y1J;4KD96?*



M($MZR\V'ZN
(BMD!H70R-G(V
)Z2M&L!\\GS6%95@-)(_8*7DFM9MWLCG

I
%IW<
MA.M$$RS(HKI0@M(RW5MTG7^5!' ,&G=/F4+AW-/J7+IW3YEZ?TF4E$:A1

MP9U7%ANE2XUNMB$R

MF'D8.AZ+S$4QV#89(J./S'4QS*R

M0.P.==EZ7J@@V6E0D IYF6'CH4=;9!BK[ZC/32]RCR^OJ7.DW@9IZP2ZXR

17F'WI97Z&RN


F
M^@\@0))QN.+7K'D#*47RQY77!&$\3=_KR() TV&KW;AJUU\H=4NNMN?)LK
M$5T4]%B$:WY



TNC








M +*OU%J=L55I[XUY?7@1HN4 I'R((Q0ANG8#D%%:U7Y5=RIVO!G0JZ$A/-P
M*M)(0Y5!MP&(O%WZ4+-EKZE@U!7EBWT




U&9


M91K%CW%4L*1



M/^ G2?





VGZ7\&@0F 

)I\

[0V1CWL


TS%DAM)P)@9B [

R;E&IC 9R:CMHQ0@Q$HP%3F

4H-7(@B69*C;RF8$T




MTPT=IZ/&

*'3
L[+ZGTM?^T6&#OH


RK$_/B#FVJFJB7MX.19Z(.W$X*T,0\ND,8
MDR?JY.UGY9FH+W<XZ\Y4_;9#&W2LN_YPU4.?0*)6Q4-7&Z(#&#Q8;<3W3=NN
MCL 1*:!6A+4'

:@PY
HG:I#

C3*D

[
W

9^
$;;R_T?'UC^\:)+3TW/.1Q^<KZ1Y[C(.BZ. $G*Z
M3&'_5*^)MJ+0MW<&X2IF]W$)P8)H;F]$PC%LDC4^2SU'Z7(2+Y0HO4CK^9:
MO?@(&V8VATEO!M9E% =PHZCD;* WLACVTJ8^;!




U\K E@-1BGVOE!S6

BZ%

M&HM8I.A
0^&6 DUNPAGIRP@N\)I+71=<14YD
8:(
MB?DAMT\[H6P+SB(GQIBA1+E!R(DQ9A@'@F=/H.D

^?493QRZY
M^]YP2?N$;I,3!LRPM_G4R$D9O#

M?@6FK6Y(

_PG)SB1


6]&(

$*N,SAX-9]2:#&57F-_ L-K
9+;^N/B;C1]4F=[ $]#B

C$J9*:2[0/$#E]X^?OC
R73!S
UF.;O@OB
M

M)(VN1
B2._:TR6'=;

MUMDYN$[KUVD
=U ;UJ#*9RGB]&&V ABES:FEJ
X ([J;AH-EZK:I389P47'6
M!!

M=G*G9=S=


@X@]/XOI#PWVL.6E:TPS'$]'3_ZE!3
MI(AZKGNPYSW6IMT;=G7RPMS+-6AYH!/1PSX




C%?@&_$Q4H6[
MT?3:3*6KS=A4$A&KTEWKK_L&LT:_P2@4*U0Q#&'.HQY5L=N'H #TH@#J^.'R

M[_APY2:88IFTO@@G4 BM+T2L@D7&0-@7
%[-(F
![ O9W&Y Q@#8%SI&0:-H

;ZZ^Y[VSJ['PXV
M_WYDOEE/=]5ME*T=!

3Q?T!-*.7':RDVOSN!
M_S[<6ETW TS*)G):-C))_L%A
NC^]P?SJO9W/3[!IFI^B@4

@
MGRW

MP7&B=N!AU+R)&H6'M(I

8TZ+5_)-:?J&*E\A!
::#_
=@(
M


M[[C9-.MI7T\'1E^RP=MJ']8CP35V0+RN)I3K:D_*WSR;_PIKG=V*)&J@LJ&5

MJ_1LX-) W\



M





=W= ?J3IR$_RYBB4Y\ZSZ D]22D/.H
M]-K6F*XP*

Z[6+BZR9E:;736;7XGTX8[+Y;Z7
M8W:?Q ]






QW=D]7)B51C3HBV/@$YY1L9/M$E
@W<NP/*-W6C!)[*J4#5

8_$&.EO$O]
W)-95YTC\[Y3+?Z

M-N\#_U@H_6










';
MUCBLG88F
S';'+1#ZL^JL@=]IZ;CX



M?
C6?/J#!$@6JXH/(/&BSMZ(C1UWB4#^D
A
)(!$YK_\]Z_KC#S2HDQ9_J_?

MAVEZ']W1C&








#Q*



Z.:4S=K5S'S$=K0GD/4 5R*5G5Y

HCNMUG8FXC0WCU+L]&'F@



;3O3W$3]'

M[JV$S4^7W4Y0S1'4[L;
(50FY\\Q;-VB[1[:R$%T.$++CN+AP!?J+^K+Z*'?

M=QP+L@E[)@&NI9J_]@:U'9

M)0U]@CPSZG?E6L

MT6PE+MI$[WPP? LK6SI;OZQ!\K]D&4-?TBIUL;!KW(D_',Y#CD,MA(-GNG


MTPRE^D.:*

I#2S)DW+!E-D5U%U;16EQ

M^((G]= RE2;H]ZOC7;O6DH[VHH+(E)C-



M%/Q?M_ N9S8@7[


M+@H:


_BH$MY3_E[3_I'G_&[6[L-@?A?

Q%M
!)YK-/4=MW!
M'HG@!0=[6*Q6&C0:(Z+$8$






ML%C[?$N];(UI=UB-0I)U?GS7)!:!!P
R%]DNM-;!*!=5#L=X$IGMF0D=-]'8

M
\X_ORIUN5JE
9^-
[:&!U

M1'T(CO1B4C28#J]

MGIHUIZ1!1%I()





2(8;A

4(1YKR4)49)

ML7-\X(D%$+Z6
CMH


M20.XT;P6

O L
6==F
MYA;\V/.?\3=AGW

@S8\/T:
TT9Q86L&[!MZPH/
M''X7R94B;@HR8:\S6G&?Y!C\$K@\(O1K3


4)8$BNAG[G*]XH;T






M


S[%@DK8%-%.\0ZF-N7P=]NU%M'8J








(W?^NT7K?9MJYIS.XA
M*0_+KUB6QF


M

 03A
A;G&SUKAXG^W UN(P2BC88C&*R
KB86.\NV=V
MM_IKREMX=!BGUH^YN5M:CE19&I@I=P6)5/5PL,6MM1NVW,P/=ML*)8J!$9










M. ;PIHJGXP:%K)'! 2_&LU(0QLG408K\]NP/R1*)UW3#@GY0_IM
7Z0RHT


_21OD 




O7O\L!!M^&=@;O\O2=9J+(-++U7D9#1S_(%IJKT&!=<JH %%1R'<C- D

E






D?I@O#1P0JI'P'_ZM@
@G:=S-FQ!U$.#5$2=I
MD+H^*T




YK9K^*
M[ 5=;U2+FI=C3?'\DJW(T*

GCD:)2*46-YC
MB&N

1#79-SC0E
MMV58SL.6@!X1!

M[WW9=I
M7OA^ _5(\YHV:3;!CJL%+RNW0[^ FNG?_0


VV*W]!Q%N:N!AA$\RH8CRJ
M@)T%]PQ

M


MJ

0SW]V
'K3OJIGXKQ@J0VT:Z.3NJ9]_J<,=YIF?4V%@/F<XV*ON\S2/^&BB[(J5
M(MQ,_2GW;%/S]]NC)+P^VNY0D!;&@IYLS\_\#MM1=:&]U=FXQK4&EGT6_Q%


M79(F@K;W+?H\9YD6N_Q)#)P3J

RNO*YB[?1M6?2F(X?3T]^9V#+=OKS9LF:
MY2[8H?0T-YDRBWQ(QBVG




7LC-?(\5KI%=?)G2$/

A::H] SLFRB#4N4DJL@=O4]S

M@)XFB;AT']L^J#=$'_C/$?#EC\PCP2S[+L:'\%XZ:A!-M6DP'9$-H!*O-&B+
M*]!5AK*8

MI6

MSS
6[6] )K]!F(^#OES+@B1()$4B2'HW%^


M Q^A1:G=X\B8&@25JB@01AF(U




M*#.3WR*E9K!/Y^MV0W0ADC/-5Z;%++_2\Z9.


MMBOW:4


\
Q]T9FL/C#


BF' Y





T+]-'


M QX5)JR^JR!W6-0V@



OE:I@K:





MJR%YU[HC\


X^H%&92V5

^D

M65?LT8%%GZ'L:P-L !&S8?;#$9





M@L:NI1%=8.^I-4CYL@8ZF#!*[W;




MO]6EB&QU$



M2\767HQXZQZ
E]W1:HW.;Z-$Q8N_*9+=!



$O 6HS*+!!6 8G-\)J\@


-



5@N4K2-/Y!6





MBM_566V-'%E94PP(ZYRW[/\_IBW
M6Q




]=NTC#
&U4?F
N






KQ\'?L?YKVX]S
M7U6\4@RX.AQRC
[#$:WIY6H'T^2V=/9[;)&-

M-FU:

NO


 40V&$I8/.\
A3/MRS+HN(WFL.#NG$AG?@
(ZH#W;D6













)K



MOGJ(*O(E*K?373T4K+Y_&*_A$B![@*Z*

WAH$X83(SW$]:4.VV-
KRDU4&O)9V.&W<-9#(G<0$SF%:R/O'

M\ S5D2@P/_/K^:5*;V]8GM=\#TF;XC3M;
)A%

B
T+#B08MC\^@@G
*/L(
M*
 A?(X+[3


QH]0/1D:J)T;V7WFX7VI
M&$X[/
BJ ('QRG(_\[5)J'HX#1@ACU$#:R.QXDZZQHB(+E(N\1PN:E]-BY6X
M:)AE83S$'][83!9OUFR*R;*@2
)/0.MF-ZUW2+VZJYS*\^AX;+)C _Q&V=


M*#

M+]$YI3H39[Z@\(1^W?!A46X/2)*N5E2LVN(O(K
);\0A0UX;^6/4PP%]=M
D



M1EBC
^X8I*LTEA8FZO71^ 3O.!L+N!D^24X!^)?PK.(.8PZ@POOANN[D_-

MUCTP$4//*:_:(EYG((B7JYN*+P


M







96KJU&V.6:64B7@Z
E=%H+]
.QXG0M=

MWT+]$9M#

](Q(EC[2H




M7%A[

$



7-V&D/&XD@L5PA_AZ1!-@7-R
+4K4*I['

7FU2@?2


M:\W1I)SK

M]?4@AUC&!179P

X&&077SI6Q)TY9JA5<'I$.



FK7Y!MAT5:





M*



_Y



MOLTHKK[
SG=A31O'2;D65TE9YI+O)9E?B 0K3






MT@ZF:P?#.2(=DV%$QQS.FEQW[%:Y./;FH#K2K4E_UJ5X^ X&SNGEZJR@25J=




M4
-HB2%4Q)LT5;R.)'YXGID21SR_F-QF+F@NAT=$=_Q#[$O*@PZ]O:H\H(QZ
MMF@!/Z9X:_5A!)Z5R\9Q^6!J3,IM_5+ZFG[#X--;+F
?4[=ZT0.^48%^(:
M##)WTAL8YUAHZ6HOE=O+YY 6/\-UG@7UI]J')(*YZR/8[+[DL-HS;NNDFH








ZT


W5?D^ZN(ENZY#-0)H)T
MJ&)ST]QEFBSS*TEOZC1+TOR^Y)[9!=<]BB*^4UNV93:(*5JLF_7LM41%PYV
MVB
?1++4^

MBJ04)%D/NW(MQP*8(_P?69\-9I5GHNV$ SWN?];QQ?$6401Y^LTSR%XO 0
M=SG]SERO

\]2Z1

M^

O'_AZ#@?M$)YU4V\V64KA
/ER=4WA#FTT



M4[@GE?-_QO+45G)3_O^Y)WK8;M5(_3(N2\N\85L 9%=1(N33_1D,5LSX%G&
M:RAW!D[:AA457.3=T'L!=4R:9QM@Y7:T8U_.T#@5%D4B^/!7#H)\K 8; $0
MM?&X4JUYR6'Z[%O(/F);0%)W




M



@0X'K
M& 8]2EX
A1XD;0US/6*$(6DAD0X3Z8
B@(HTL
AAVW%T0M(]*.$7&?$2*L




MKS^^^7QW]N:[;]_]%'S[+GCW?1#\YU_2)/OR9_;/?5B0-T!$5O _?_UF49:K









%




&C)8=6]^T@#.[(%=FX#AFEBH)2:XL&HQX2_N)7'NH

0
ME'I%TBN2%BN2E]DC3 R:KQOH:^$$T\4KC5YI]$KC% 0:KS1ZI=$KC5YI]$JC
M=4HC7M :5U6
:53Q#V$6!_!_4J[5O(?(@492^:2HZ:76?=@\Z22+S_ES+H\?

R(N$C#AQ=$MOZN

QOH#O7LK*J+;C
&WI@\_8VL&V@3MAN)2+I<TNRV!)'B=@$3#&K2A[_E61-NSR^
MTTCDU[OZ#5G1O(2G

M(?ZND^3Z*EX4OSJK#-.

MY2';B&_7RWN:-I#5^+MC!DV4QD1EI*RIVR!$$Y)V'4 N
-_YFBEBU4[=8BD#





M25:13T1\# G;^AQXGP

MN!R+!Q1Q++OO4 ?H](RNBN@H&V#5-5 Z@I2,OH.[:%/N((7QE(KFE2NX]-=
M3D3.;C_U8/0^.Q)0W


EO$8F!7

ME2DC-

(7)NN[*QB_MN]T*[PK[AEH*
A7#EU%'&2\ 5





#[3<9N#U0*\':M #

MN2YN]P&OZLF..)+BIT96+S7PX.'*9!PJB$.
-[Z =GP'88?*U=W! !/Q(X'E

MLM.0[68R+TJZOP$6X:@/T[K:01L7#4T
UD'$0=_5W 0#
 5 ZR77




M'X/ SY9



IOO5(VS*L^W_J!._[ED=Q\ZXD-'



YI-9M?
S
5S9@-[Z0H2%D(Y3+%W@.0



4%0IL-?=


M+@$@*H%A/













OJDSRF^NS?DF?Y
47TY)%BU@1_XBM%AA




M46^T^;99W=[!Y(Y_G=
E91M=F+(B1E]!SSIR5 K;&B9^!;K!FM44*@^WNDY!

MJ/?#9$H/!D:6AAP
MEH(66=R01Y)5Y!

MMO&#ZFQRF?K(!Q_YT!Y






FC- ,(P@-
M<&5G%?/?'L7AO^*6P8ZFLB54T<1)PE_ !HIR^\W&C=ES/);C'S*F$+*F$PH







MD@P:D: 
GWI?P(4;;


MI)@


E4@+_%J1DH!=@:=[L@C$)U= Z-PW$885T+.K'H
MMNX@L2XX9,^;,K)LGC5NU7&&
UH*+YBL*G$(98 U[
'P(8C01T'D2 ;%+V

M&
^RO\

M[

M2--'AO/SMRLC('IXWW WFDJH-L[3:6)/3RD!!W-3-+L' EMC?T?D/O-WSU


:3++YA&VXJ9JNQK=$B
M_RN2\WH[-=*
K@U59]O=OJR);3/52XS@DRN]8\T[UJ9EH_4N'^_RF80QSG+#
MK3?&R9I

!GWMD:V3=EO[^#-1-Y
Y





50Q#NB+4;
?(;&E





M;@BZ#M?,L2TU_J*EX/9MIE_'=Z3'B


M3

BR_
M$V0CJ

JG


MF
4!92\^N*]?;;!B[S98D# M%Q% $M#=EL1;SRM6[9IG!@&G=
X[*-89'X.4
M


*X7Y?EX ..R@$P'C$RE_Q
X


&8!^BO76L[H(\G#!_*1+.])CN


M7,&MNU[3 -+JU$-%=4\R24'2%3C'+9QF:<L A@M@IMS6](QG\)M6O.T8?3
MBL 4913DY;@))DI@





*DK]Z

[(P(M%8I!TN.%%D\- W/6P'

M&RUVS6Y(.NT_XX9!X-
Q



#F'9] .T)/=A



MH-W09)%.0'I #X$B]W)SHLM!5C


M%17(&P%#

M6BW

MB3F!LOV8FZPF$K5A!M2W*UQFCP !S=?MEH:6#H;#0IY3]8F4GV@6U5
:R\JS
M3E:Q


0(=C'*M%$T3UQUM8G\ZYPSB4O
M\52N







Y&.2
M)<MJN2U[_*%ZZ:!2&R3X7L7?-A0+E]D=#$A88<K&&.5!!C3$V%<Z*%LOAM,9
MF3[HRD%G&M8BV
ZCC?O4VJY2O556Z4C







;]#)(
MDS01MX

M3 8.[U#Q#A7O4!G4H6(3\\4'V*Q!M@=BBX9?!6;_7F/9P;K(D]39WCO#O#/



I4U1[3:VQ*T-D
]OVFZCEO]H\I+ FH*.-7#8QAIB3^X+



M.8OI

6!UHM
RU&21L[^(X^L.S5!9;-YA=)%H(^PCW@

K)Q5.[
/Z


MXYB


M2I*3HF1'
)JEIDXV
'



M]
7BFA56M!\=J@*+I74
]

)5U16FA
P7BMWK?^M%N[NS_BHMYC4R<@7!/:6,.7FBA,0V8"]Y\VI3[VJS!


T]-
<L7#+:_B#Q-N3P)$\*
M6)



U02J


-'_7





15F-XNV*L/


LL]OLEOY PC
JB?9

M3


M7KSY?T!SY!:CZYQNOCN!?Q^3



Y-[]S4?)VB'J'?.SB]
M@].GCWE71!]3GT;MP[DII0(D3JQ]E;X

MA/8V99

30D]LUT%#])
SF8]67O['M;F?@H(\\#^3#'HL^:
:OU/S

M




V.K!8_NCB;9NB&/

<JYS$ 4-BJF)@V^0+N1DK'K.+?$?+:MW2$N)<D+

&TLZ[R@:1(S]69OKBH.@^BL%@$\Y1^


1K@L[E/9I;= IJLQM.!F-


MO(&B$C^;4M*OKGD$ZUXB(_

RMVTS


N! 458'
MYQ:8<%KICSAS*L=(*US/+MYJ#SER*E-I+$!EK!.)3[I!E@MV-BQPKUCS6+%

M.DQ:
Z:X.M.4T&C^+/=HK.6[:\K(!\-WB^O< KB0^'Q

8')Y;R]5B(;4KP^.NW8'05 ^A




M0'KHDN.ZK#):DN#[(=EDM?? &$!9='BP7V]T(-5&F9%, ^3/'CDSFTZ#]A.
MP*ICL-^L$Y'BDD9)ND.CV[_EL:'C^0
T\Y!KSOY]G2.0O'&GF+BT29NKIK#
M!A!O#D

MT=!1<ARQ=\RP-3J$N1<@6I</]U42GIY

_(5U?=+*ARC+]=KK66C'M]M/-



38Q
#(X+GAS
M9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !J!+4KV+PXB80\  SK   5                4
(

38Q
#(X7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

#$V

M4$L! A0#%     @ &H$M2@=+?2[ 6@  HA@% !4              ( !858!
M &)R:60M
C Q-C$P
CA?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !J!+4H+'2=90D(

!
end



