

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-001208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201030
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210115
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIDGFORD FOODS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000014177
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				951778176
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1030
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-02396
		FILM NUMBER:		21533163
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 N PATT ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3773
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7145265533
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 NORTH PATT STREET
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3773
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92803
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRIDGFORD PACKING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670307








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549




FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended October 30
 2020

Commission
file number: 000-02396



BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION
(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
    of incorporation)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer Identification No.)


1308
North Patt Street
Anaheim
California 92801
(Address
of principal executive offices)
(714)
526-5533
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)




Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
Trading
    Symbol(s)
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

Common
    Stock
    
    
    
Nasdaq
    Global Market


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp; ]
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer [X]
Smaller
    reporting company [X]

    
Emerging
    growth company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on April 17
 2020 was $30
843
000.

As
of January 15
 2021
 there were 9
076
832 shares of common stock outstanding.

Portions
of the registrant&rsquo;s Proxy Statement for the registrant&rsquo;s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held March 10
 2021
(the &ldquo;Proxy Statement&rdquo;) are incorporated by reference into Part III
 Items 10-14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.





    
    


INDEX
TO FORM 10K



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    

    
    

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business (dollars in thousands)

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Bridgford Foods Corporation intends
that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. Readers are cautioned that such statements
which may be identified by words including &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expects
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 are only predictions or estimations and are subject to known and unknown risks
and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 statements regarding the following: general
economic and business conditions; the impact of competitive products and pricing; success of operating initiatives; development
and operating costs; advertising and promotional efforts; adverse publicity; acceptance of new product offerings; consumer trial
and frequency; changes in business strategy or development plans; availability
 terms and deployment of capital; availability
of qualified personnel; commodity
 labor
 and employee benefit costs; changes in
 or failure to comply with
 government regulations;
weather conditions; construction schedules; relationships with customers and suppliers; statements regarding the anticipated impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic; and other factors referenced in this Report.

The
forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties.
These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding our business
 which involve judgments with respect to
 among
other things
 future economic and competitive conditions
 and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible
to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking
statements are reasonable
 actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. In light
of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein
 the inclusion of such information
should not be regarded as representation by us or any other person that the objectives or plans of our company will be achieved.
The forward-looking statements contained herein speak as of the date of this Report and we undertake no obligation to update such
statements after the date hereof.



We
are monitoring and responding to the evolving nature of state and local government actions related to the global novel coronavirus
(&ldquo;COVID-19&rdquo;) pandemic and its impact on each of our production plant locations as well as our customer base. We coordinate
with our local managers for the primary purpose of protecting the health and safety of our team members
 ensuring our ability
to operate our processing facilities and maintaining the liquidity of our business. We are experiencing multiple challenges related
to the pandemic. These challenges increased our operating costs and negatively impacted our volumes during fiscal year 2020 and
may continue to do so into fiscal year 2021.

Operationally
we have faced temporary idling of production facilities to ensure team member safety. As a result
 we have experienced lower levels
of productivity and higher costs of production. This will likely continue at least for the short term until the effects of the
pandemic diminish. Both of our business segments have experienced a shift in demand from foodservice to retail. In our Frozen
Food Products segment
 the volume increases in retail have not been sufficient to offset the losses in foodservice and as a result
we expect continued decreased volume into fiscal year 2021 in this segment. Our Snack Food Products segment has experienced significant
volume increases in the short-term.

&#9679;
Team Members &ndash; The health and safety of our team members is our top priority. To protect our team members
 we have implemented
safety measures recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (&ldquo;CDC&rdquo;) and the Occupational Safety
and Health Administration (&ldquo;OSHA&rdquo;) in our facilities and have employed social distancing
 temperature checks of team
members
 increased efforts to deep clean and sanitize facilities
 the use of protective face coverings in certain environments
and making protective face coverings and other protective equipment available to team members. We encourage team members who feel
sick to stay at home and provide relaxed attendance policies in some instances. We continue to explore and implement additional
ways to promote social distancing in our production facilities by creating additional breakroom space and allowing extra time
between shifts to reduce interaction of team members
 as well as erecting dividers between workstations or increasing the space
between workers on the production floor.

&#9679;
Customers and Production &ndash; The most significant impact from business shutdowns relates to channel shifts and lower production
in our Frozen Food Products segment. We are committed to doing our best to ensure the continuity of our business and the availability
of our products to customers. We have seen a shift in demand from our foodservice to our retail sales channels as schools and
in-dining restaurants have closed across the country. Our production capabilities
 including our large scale and geographic proximities
allow us to adapt some of our facilities to the changing demand by shifting certain amounts of production from foodservice to
retail. Not all of our facilities can be modified and as a result we expect a net negative impact on our foodservice volumes into
fiscal year 2021. In addition
 our production facilities are experiencing varying levels of production impacts
 including reduced
volumes
 worker absenteeism and temporary COVID-19-related closures at some of our production facilities. Additionally
 we are
anticipating the temporary idling of certain production lines that service the foodservice channel as we balance the shifting
demand between foodservice and retail sales channels.

&#9679;
Supply Chain &ndash; Our supply chain has stayed largely intact. Although we have experienced some minor disruptions
 these events
have not significantly impacted our production to date. We have experienced volatility in commodity inputs
 in part due to impacts
caused by COVID-19 related business disruptions
 and we expect this volatility to continue
 which may impact our future input
costs.

On
April 28
 2020
 President Trump issued an Executive Order stating the importance of the continued operation of meat and poultry
processing facilities and directing the Secretary of Agriculture to issue rules and orders to ensure the continued supply of meat
and poultry
 consistent with the guidance for the operations of meat and poultry processing facilities jointly issued by the CDC
and OSHA.


    
    


&#9679;
Insurance and CARES Act &ndash; Although we maintain insurance policies for various risks
 we believe most COVID-19 impacts will
not be covered by these policies. On March 27
 2020
 President Trump signed into law the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic
Security Act (the &ldquo;CARES Act&rdquo;). The CARES Act
 among other things
 includes provisions relating to refundable payroll
tax credits
 deferral of the employer portion of social security payments
 and expanded income tax net operating loss carryback
provisions. While we continue to examine the potential impacts of these actions
 we anticipate new regulations related to federal
income tax will have a significant impact on our financial statements and cash flow. Late in the second quarter of fiscal 2020
we began implementing the deferral of the employer portion of social security payments and intend to continue this deferral for
the duration of its availability which will have a favorable impact on short-term liquidity. The deferral amount as of October
30
 2020 will be approximately $1
103. We did not utilize the refundable payroll tax credit provision.

&#9679;
Liquidity &ndash; Operations provided $9
914 in operating cash flows during the fifty-two weeks ended October 30
 2020. As of
that date we had approximately $42
774 of net working capital
 which included availability under our revolving line of credit
and $4
302 of cash and cash equivalents. We have $4
430 of current debt. Combined with the cash expected to be generated from
the Company&rsquo;s operations
 income tax refunds and deferral of social security taxes
 we anticipate that we will maintain
sufficient liquidity to operate our business into fiscal year 2021 and for completion of the major plant expansion in Chicago
Illinois. We will continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our liquidity and
 if necessary
 take action to preserve liquidity
and ensure that our business can operate during these uncertain times.

Background
of Business

Bridgford
Foods Corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries
 &ldquo;Bridgford&rdquo;
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;)
a California corporation
 was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego
California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and
packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. Currently
we are primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen and snack food products
throughout the United States. We have not been involved in any bankruptcy
 receivership
 or similar proceedings since inception
nor have we been party to any merger
 acquisition
 etc. or acquired or disposed of any material amounts of assets during the past
five years other than those discussed in Item 7 of this Report. Substantially all of our assets have been acquired in the ordinary
course of business.

Description
of Business

Bridgford
currently operates in two business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen food products and the processing and distribution
of snack food products. For information regarding the separate financial performance of the business segments refer to Note 7
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report.

The
following table shows sales
 as a percentage of consolidated sales
 for each business segment during the last two fiscal years:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


We
manufacture nearly all of our food products and distribute an extensive line of biscuits
 bread dough items
 roll dough items
dry sausage products and beef jerky. Our direct store delivery network consists of non-refrigerated snack food products. Our frozen
food products division serves both food service and retail customers.

Although
we have recently introduced several new products
 most of these products have not contributed significantly to our revenue growth
for fiscal year 2020 with the exception of smokehouse sausage sticks introduced in the second quarter of fiscal year 2018. Our
sales are not subject to material seasonal variations. Historically we have been able to respond quickly to the receipt of orders
and
 accordingly
 do not maintain a significant sales backlog. Neither Bridgford nor its industry generally has unusual demands
or restrictions on working capital items. During the last fiscal year
 we did not enter into any new markets or any significant
contractual or other material relationships other than the March 16
 2020 Purchase and Sale Agreement with CRG Acquisition
 LLC
(&ldquo;CRG&rdquo;) and amendments thereto on each of April 10
 2020
 June 1
 2020 and November 2
 2020. Refer to Note 1 &ndash;
Subsequent Events of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report for further information.

Availability
of SEC Filings and Code of Conduct on Internet Website

We
maintain an Internet website at www.bridgford.com. Available on this website
 free of charge
 our annual reports on Form 10-K
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments thereto as well as
 and reports filed under Section
16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our Code of Conduct is also available
on the website.


    
    


Product
Distribution Methods

Our
products are delivered to customers using several distinct distribution channels. The distribution channel utilized is dependent
upon the needs of our customers
 the most efficient proximity to the delivery point
 trade customs
 and operating segment as well
as product type
 life and stability. Among our customers are many of the country&rsquo;s largest broadline and specialty food
service distributors. These and other large end purchasers occasionally go through extensive qualification procedures and our
manufacturing capabilities are subjected to thorough review by the end purchasers prior to our approval as a vendor. Large end
purchasers typically select suppliers that can consistently meet increased volume requirements on a national basis during peak
promotional periods. We believe that our manufacturing flexibility
 national presence
 and long-standing customer relationships
should allow us to compete effectively with other manufacturers seeking to provide similar products to our current large food
service end purchasers
 although no assurances can be given.

The
factors that contribute to higher or lower margins generated from each method of distribution depend upon the accepted selling
price
 level of involvement by our employees in setting up and maintaining displays
 distance traveled
 and fuel consumed by our
company-owned fleet as well as freight and shipping costs depending on the distance the product travels to the delivery point.
Management is continually evaluating the profitability of product delivery methods
 analyzing alternate methods and weighing economic
inputs to determine the most efficient and cost-effective method of delivery to fulfill the needs of our customers.

Major
Product Classes

Frozen
Food Products

Our
frozen food products division serves both food service and retail customers. We sell approximately 140 unique frozen food products
through approximately 1
100 wholesalers
 cooperatives and distributors.

Frozen
Food Products &ndash; Food Service Customers

The
food service industry is composed of establishments that serve food outside the home and includes restaurants
 the food operations
of health care providers
 schools
 hotels
 resorts
 corporations
 and other traditional and non-traditional food service outlets.
Growth in this industry has been driven by the increase in away-from-home meal preparation
 which has accompanied the expanding
number of both dual income and single-parent households. Another trend within the food service industry is the growth in the number
of non-traditional food service outlets such as convenience stores
 retail stores and supermarkets. These non-traditional locations
often lack extensive cooking
 storage
 or preparation facilities resulting in a need for pre-cooked and prepared foods similar
to those we provide. The expansion in the food service industry has also been accompanied by the continued consolidation and growth
of broadline and specialty food service distributors
 many of which are long-standing customers. Orders from food service customers
have decreased as schools and in-dining restaurants have closed across the United States in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Frozen
Food Products &ndash; Retail Customers

The
majority of our existing and targeted retail customers are involved in the resale of branded and private label packaged foods.
The same trends which have contributed to the increase in away-from-home meal preparation have also fueled the growth in easy
to prepare
 microwaveable frozen and refrigerated convenience foods. Among the fastest growing segments is the frozen and refrigerated
hand-held foods market. This growth has been driven by improved product quality and variety and the increasing need for inexpensive
and healthy food items that require minimal preparation. Despite rapid growth
 many categories of frozen and refrigerated hand-held
foods have achieved minimal household penetration. We believe we have been successful in establishing and maintaining supply relationships
with certain selected leading retailers in this market. Demand from retail customers has increased as consumers opt to buy food
from retail establishments for home consumption in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Frozen
Food Products &ndash; Sales and Marketing

Our
frozen food business covers the United States. Products produced by the Frozen Food Products segment are generally supplied to
food service and retail distributors who take title to the product upon shipment receipt through company leased long-haul vehicles.
In addition to regional sales managers
 we maintain a network of independent food service and retail brokers covering most of
the United States. Brokers are compensated on a commission basis. We believe that our broker relationships
 in close cooperation
with our regional sales managers
 are a valuable asset providing significant new product and customer opportunities. Regional
sales managers perform several significant functions for us
 including identifying and developing new business opportunities and
providing customer service and support to our distributors and end purchasers through the effective use of our broker network.

Our
annual advertising expenditures are directed towards retail and institutional customers. These customers participate in various
special promotional and marketing programs and direct advertising allowances we sponsor. We also invest in general consumer advertising
in various newspapers
 periodicals and coupons to advertise in major markets. We direct advertising toward food service customers
with campaigns in major industry publications and through our participation in trade shows throughout the United States. Our advertising
strategy includes our presence on social media and online distribution of promotional material.


    
    


Snack
Food Products

During
fiscal year 2020
 our snack food products division sold approximately 130 different items through customer-owned distribution
centers and a direct-store-delivery network serving approximately 17
000 supermarkets
 mass merchandise and convenience retail
stores located in 49 states.

Products
produced or distributed by the Snack Food Products segment are supplied to customers through either direct delivery to customer
warehouses or direct-store-delivery to retail locations. We utilize customer managed warehouse distribution centers to lower distribution
cost. Product delivered to the customer&rsquo;s warehouse is then distributed to the store where it is resold to the end consumer.
Our direct-store-delivery system focus emphasizes high quality service of our premium branded product to our customers. We also
provide the service of setting up and maintaining the display and restocking our products.

Snack
Food Products &mdash; Customers

Our
customers are comprised of large retail chains and smaller &ldquo;independent&rdquo; operators. This part of our business is highly
competitive. Proper placement of our product lines is critical to selling success since most items could be considered &ldquo;impulse&rdquo;
items which are often consumed shortly after purchase. Our ability to sell successfully to this distribution channel depends on
aggressive marketing and maintaining relationships with key buyers.

Snack
Food Products &mdash; Sales and Marketing

Snack
food products are distributed across the United States. Regional sales managers perform several significant functions including
identifying and developing new business opportunities and providing customer service and support to our customers. We also utilize
the services of brokers
 where appropriate
 to support efficient product distribution and customer satisfaction. We sponsor a
fishing team which participates at the highest levels of both the FLW and B.A.S.S. tours.

Product
Planning and Research and Development

We
continually monitor the consumer acceptance of each product within our extensive product line. Individual products are regularly
added to and deleted from our product line. Historically
 the addition or deletion of any individual product has not had a material
effect on our operations in such fiscal year. We believe that a key factor in the success of our products is our system of carefully
targeted research and testing of our products to ensure high quality and that each product matches an identified market opportunity.
The emphasis in new product introductions in the past several years has been in single-serve items. We are constantly searching
to develop new products to complement our existing product lines and improve processing techniques and formulas. We utilize an
in-house test kitchen and consultants to research and experiment with unique food preparation methods
 improve quality control
and analyze new ingredient mixtures.



Our
products are sold under highly competitive conditions. All food products can be considered competitive with other food products
but we consider our principal competitors to include national
 regional and local producers and distributors of refrigerated
frozen and non-refrigerated snack food products. Several of our competitors include large companies with substantially greater
financial and marketing resources than ours. Existing competitors may broaden their product lines and potential competitors may
enter or increase their focus on our markets
 resulting in greater competition for us. We believe that our products compete favorably
with those of our competitors. Such competitors&rsquo; products compete against ours for retail shelf space
 institutional distribution
and customer preference.

Effect
of Government Regulations

Our
operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;)
the Food and Drug Administration (the &ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 and by other federal
 state
 and local authorities regarding the processing
packaging
 storage
 transportation
 distribution
 and labeling of products that we manufacture
 produce and process. Our processing
facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal
 state
 and local authorities. The
USDA has issued strict regulations concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat meat and poultry products
and contamination by food borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella and implemented a system of regulation known as the Hazard
Analysis Critical Control Points (&ldquo;HACCP&rdquo;) program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants
to develop and implement sanitary operating procedures and other program requirements. The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (&ldquo;OSHA&rdquo;) oversees safety compliance and establishes certain employer responsibilities to help &ldquo;assure
safe and healthful working conditions&rdquo; and keep the workplace free of recognized hazards or practices likely to cause death
or serious injury. We believe that we are currently in compliance with governmental laws and regulations and that we maintain
the necessary permits and licenses relating to our operations.

To
date
 federal
 state
 and local environmental laws and regulations
 including those relating to the discharge of materials into
the environment
 have not had a material effect on our business.


    
    


Importance
of Key Customers

Sales
to Wal-Mart&reg; comprised 36.9% of revenues in fiscal year 2020 and 19.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&reg;
as of October 30
 2020. Sales to Wal-Mart&reg; comprised 35.7% of revenues in fiscal year 2019 and 31.9% of total accounts receivable
was due from Wal-Mart&reg; as of November 1
 2019. Sales to Dollar General&reg; comprised 13.6% of revenues in fiscal year 2020
and 31.1% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&reg; as of October 30
 2020. Sales to Dollar General&reg; comprised
11.1% of revenues in fiscal year 2019 and 21.7% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&reg; as of November 1
2019.

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials

We
purchase large quantities of pork
 beef
 and flour. These ingredients are generally available from a number of different suppliers
although the availability of these ingredients is subject to seasonal variation. We build ingredient inventories to take advantage
of downward trends in seasonal prices or anticipated supply limitations.

Most
flour purchases are made at market price without contracts. We also purchase bulk flour under short-term fixed price contracts
at current market prices. The contracts are usually effective for a month or less and are not material to our operations. These
contracts are settled within a month&rsquo;s time and no significant contracts remain open at the close of the reporting period.
We monitor and manage our ingredient costs to help negate volatile daily swings in market prices when possible. We do not participate
in the commodity futures market or hedging to limit commodity exposure.

We
continue to monitor the development of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our operations including our supply chain and labor
force. The pandemic could potentially cause disruptions to our supply chain. Global supply may be restricted causing price pressure
on certain ingredients and raw materials used in our products which could disrupt our operations. We are unable to accurately
predict the uncertainties related to the future course of the COVID-19 pandemic including overall economic stability
 the spread
length and severity of the virus and any future governmental actions.



We
had 563 employees as of October 30
 2020
 approximately 35% of whose employment relationship is governed by collective bargaining
agreements. These agreements currently expire between March 2022 and February 2024. We believe that our relationship with all
of our employees is favorable and that contracts will be settled favorably.

Executive
Officers of the Registrant

The
names
 ages
 and positions of all our executive officers as of January 15
 2021 are listed below. William L. Bridgford
is the nephew of Allan L. Bridgford. Officers are normally appointed annually by the Board of Directors at their meeting immediately
following the annual meeting of shareholders. Three executive officers are full-time employees of our company. Allan L. Bridgford
worked 50% of full time during fiscal year 2020. There are no agreements or understandings pursuant to which any of the executive
officers was or is selected to serve as an executive officer.



    
    
    
    
Position(s)
    with our company

Allan
    L. Bridgford
    
    
    
Vice
    President and Chairman of the Executive Committee

William
    L. Bridgford
    
    
    
Chairman
    and member of the Executive Committee

John
    V. Simmons
    
    
    
President
    and member of the Executive Committee

Raymond
    F. Lancy
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Executive Vice President
 Treasurer and member of the Executive Committee


Item
1A. Risk Factors

In
addition to the other matters set forth in this Report
 the continuing operations and the price of our common stock are subject
to the following risks
 each of which could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.
The risks described below are only the risks that we currently believe are material to our business. However
 additional risks
not presently known
 or risks that are currently believed to be immaterial
 may also impair our business operations.

We
are subject to general risks in the food industry
 including
 among other things
 risk relating to changes in consumer preferences
and product contamination as well as general economic conditions
 any of which risks
 if realized
 could negatively impact our
operating results and financial position.

The
food industry
 and the markets within the food industry in which we compete
 are subject to various risks
 including the
following: evolving consumer preferences
 nutritional and health-related concerns
 federal
 state and local food inspection
and processing controls
 consumer product liability claims
 risks of product tampering
 and the availability and expense of
liability insurance. The meat and poultry industries are subject to scrutiny due to the association of meat and poultry
products with recent outbreaks of illness
 and on rare occasions even death
 caused by food borne pathogens. Product recalls
are sometimes required in the food industry to withdraw contaminated or mislabeled products from the market. Additionally
the failure to identify and react appropriately to changes in consumer trends
 demands and preferences could lead to
 among
other things
 reduced demand and price reduction for our products. Further
 we may be adversely affected by changes in
domestic or foreign economic conditions
 including inflation or deflation
 interest rates
 availability of capital markets
consumer spending rates
 and energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges). These and other general risks related
to the food industry
 if realized by us
 could have a significant adverse effect on demand for our products
 as well as the
costs and availability of raw materials
 ingredients and packaging materials
 thereby negatively affecting our operating
results and financial position.


    
    




Fluctuations
in the prices that we pay for raw materials could negatively impact our financial results.

We
purchase large quantities of commodity pork
 beef and flour. Historically
 market prices for products we process have fluctuated
in response to a number of factors
 including changes in the United States government farm support programs
 changes in international
agricultural and trading policies
 weather
 and other conditions during the growing and harvesting seasons. Our operating results
are heavily dependent upon the prices paid for raw materials. The marketing of our value-added products does not lend itself to
instantaneous changes in selling prices. Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare with the volatility
of commodity markets. While fluctuations in significant cost structure components
 such as ingredient commodities and fuel prices
have had a significant impact on profitability over the last three years
 the impact of general price inflation on our financial
position and results of operations has not been significant. Future volatility of general price inflation or deflation and raw
material cost and availability could adversely affect our financial results.

We
are subject to extensive government regulations and a failure to comply with such regulations could negatively impact our financial
results.

Our
operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the USDA
 FDA and by other federal
 state
 and local authorities
regarding the processing
 packaging
 storage
 transportation
 distribution
 and labeling of products that are manufactured
 produced
and processed by us. Our processing facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal
state
 and local authorities. The USDA has issued strict regulations concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat
meat and poultry products and contamination by food borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella and implemented a system of
regulation known as the HACCP program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants to develop and implement
sanitary operating procedures and other program requirements. OSHA oversees safety compliance and establishes certain employer
responsibilities to help &ldquo;assure safe and healthful working conditions&rdquo; and keep the workplace free of recognized
hazards or practices likely to cause death or serious injury. We believe that we are currently in compliance with governmental
laws and regulations and that we maintain necessary permits and licenses relating to our operations.

A
failure to obtain or a loss of necessary permits and licenses could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand and
could adversely affect our operating performance. Furthermore
 we are routinely subject to new or modified laws
 regulations and
accounting standards. If found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas
 we could
be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
 or asset seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results.

We
depend on our key management
 the loss of which could negatively impact our operations.

Our
executive officers and certain other key employees have been primarily responsible for the development and expansion of our business
and the loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could adversely affect us. Our success will be dependent in part
upon our continued ability to recruit
 motivate
 and retain qualified personnel. We cannot assure that we will be successful in
this regard. We have no employment or non-competition agreements with key personnel except for a consulting agreement with Allan
L. Bridgford that is effective after his retirement from employment with our company.

We
depend on our major customers and any loss of such customers could have a negative impact on our profitability.

We
could suffer significant reductions in revenues and operating income if we lost one or more of our largest customers
 including
Wal-Mart&reg; and Dollar General&reg;
 which accounted for 36.9% and 13.6%
 respectively
 of sales in fiscal year 2020. Many of
our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs
 and food distributors have consolidated in recent years. Such consolidation
has produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories
while demanding lower pricing and increased promotional programs. These customers also may use their shelf space for their own
private label products. Failure to respond to these trends could reduce our volume and cause us to lower prices or increase promotional
spending for our product lines which could adversely affect our profitability.

With
more than 80% of our stock beneficially owned by the Bridgford family
 there are risks that they can exert significant influence
or control over our corporate matters.

Members
of the Bridgford family beneficially own
 in the aggregate
 more than 80% of our outstanding stock. In addition
 two members of
the Bridgford family currently serve on the Board of Directors. As a result
 members of the Bridgford family have the ability
to exert substantial influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring
action by our shareholders
 including amendments to by-laws
 election and removal of directors
 any proposed merger
 consolidation
or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may also delay
or prevent a change in control otherwise favored by our other shareholders and could depress our stock price. Additionally
 as
a result of the Bridgford family&rsquo;s significant ownership of the outstanding voting stock
 we have relied on the &ldquo;controlled
company&rdquo; exemption from certain corporate governance requirements of the NASDAQ stock market. Therefore
 among other things
we have elected not to implement the rule that provides for a nominating committee to identify and recommend nominees to the Board
of Directors and have instead elected to have the full Board of Directors perform such function. Additionally
 pursuant to this
exemption
 our compensation committee
 which is made up of independent directors
 does not have sole authority to determine the
compensation of our executive officers
 including our Chairman of the Board.


    
    


We
participate in Multiemployer Pension Plans which could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

We
participate in &ldquo;multiemployer&rdquo; pension plans administered by labor unions on behalf of their employees. We make monthly
contributions for healthcare and pension benefit obligations. The contribution amount may change depending upon the ability of
participating companies to fund these pension liabilities as well as the actual and expected returns on pension plan assets. Should
we withdraw from the union and cease participation in a union plan
 federal law could impose a penalty for additional contributions
to the plan. The penalty would be recorded as an expense in the consolidated statement of operations. The ultimate amount of the
withdrawal liability is dependent upon several factors including the funded status of the plan and contributions made by other
participating companies. We continue to participate in other multiemployer union plans. In the event of a full or partial withdrawal
from these plans
 the impact to our financial statements could be material.

Eminent
domain and land risk regulations could negatively impact our financial results and financial position.

We
own real property on which we operate our processing and/or our distribution operations. As is the case with any owner of real
property
 we may be subject to eminent domain proceedings that can impact the value of investments we have made in real property
as well as potentially disrupt our business operations. If subject to eminent domain proceedings or other government takings
we may not be adequately compensated.

The
COVID-19 pandemic could negatively impact our operations and financial condition.

We
have considered the impact of federal
 state and local government actions related to the global novel coronavirus pandemic (&ldquo;COVID-19&rdquo;
or &ldquo;pandemic&rdquo;) on our condensed consolidated financial statements. The business disruptions associated with the pandemic
had a significant negative impact on our consolidated condensed financial statements for the fiscal year ended October 30
 2020.
We expect these events to have future business impacts
 the extent of which is uncertain and largely subject to whether the severity
worsens
 or the duration of current business shutdowns continue. These impacts could include but may not be limited to risks and
uncertainty related to shifts in demand between sales channels
 market volatility
 constraints in our supply chain
 our ability
to operate production facilities and worker availability. These unknowns may subject the Company to future risks related to long-lived
asset impairments
 increased reserves for uncollectible accounts
 price and availability of ingredients and raw materials used
in our products and adjustments to reflect the market value of our inventory.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties

We
own the following properties:



    
    
    


 California *
100
000
    


 Texas *
94
000
    


 Texas *
30
000
    


 Texas *
16
000
    


 Texas *
3
200
    


 North Carolina *
42
000
    


 Illinois ** (1)
156
000
    


 Illinois **
177
000
    




    
    
-
    property used by Frozen Food Products Segment.

    
    
-
    property used by Snack Food Products Segment.

    
    
-
    sale pending.


We
utilize the foregoing properties for processing
 warehousing
 distributing and administrative purposes. We also lease warehouse
and/or office facilities throughout the United States through month-to-month rental agreements. We believe that our properties
are generally adequate to satisfy our foreseeable needs. Additional properties may be acquired and/or plants expanded if favorable
opportunities and conditions arise.


    
    


Item
3. Legal Proceedings

No
material legal proceedings were pending against us as of October 30
 2020 or as of the date of filing of this Report. We are likely
to be subject to claims arising from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. In certain of such actions
 plaintiffs
may request punitive or other damages that may not be covered by insurance and
 accordingly
 no assurance can be given with respect
to the ultimate outcome of any such possible future claims or litigation or their effect on us. Any adverse litigation trends
and outcomes could significantly and negatively affect our financial results.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Common
Stock and Dividend Data

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol &ldquo;BRID&rdquo;.

As
of January 12
 2021
 there were 718 shareholders of record in our common stock.

The
payment of future dividends
 if any
 will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon future earnings
financial requirements
 and other factors.

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities

During
the period covered by this Report
 we did not sell or issue any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended.

Repurchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer

During
fiscal year 2020
 we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program previously authorized
by the Board of Directors. The following table provides information regarding our repurchases of common stock in each of the four
periods comprising the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020.



    
    
    
    
    


 2020 &ndash; August 7
 2020
    
    
    
120
113

    
 2020 &ndash; September 4
 2020
    
    
    
120
113

    
 2020 &ndash; October 2
 2020
    
    
    
120
113


 2020 &ndash; October 30
 2020
    
    
    
120
113

    
    
    
    
    




    
The
    periods shown are our fiscal periods during the sixteen-week quarter ended October 30
 2020.

    
    

    
All
    repurchases reflected in the foregoing table were made on the open market. Our stock repurchase program was approved by the
    Board of Directors in November 1999 (1
500
000 shares authorized
 disclosed in a Form 10-K filed on January 26
 2000) and
    was expanded in June 2005 (500
000 additional shares authorized
 disclosed in a press release and Form 8-K filed on June 17
    2005). Under the stock repurchase program
 we are authorized
 at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors
    to purchase up to an aggregate of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock on the open market. Such purchases of common stock
    may occur from time to time
 in open market transactions pursuant to Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The daily purchase quantity
    is defined as a number of shares up to
 but not to exceed
 each day&rsquo;s applicable Rule 10b-18 maximum volume limit (i.e.
    25% of the prior four calendar weeks&rsquo; average daily trading volume); however
 once per week a block of stock may be
    purchased that exceeds the Rule 10b-18 average daily trading volume condition. As of October 30
 2020
 the total maximum number
    of shares that may be purchased under the Purchase Plan is 120
113 at a purchase price not to exceed $10.00 per share for
    a total maximum aggregate price (exclusive of commission) of $1
201
130. However
 our agreement with Citigroup lapsed on its
    own (by its terms) on October 14
 2019.


Item
6. Selected Financial Data

Not
applicable for a smaller reporting company.


    
    


Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

For
a complete understanding
 this Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should
be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained
in this Report.

Certain
statements under &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and
elsewhere in this Report constitute &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933
and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (refer to Part I.
 Item 1. Business for more information).

Results
of Operations (in thousands except percentages)

Fiscal
Year Ended October 30
 2020 (52 weeks) Compared to Fiscal Year Ended November 1
 2019 (52 weeks)

Net
Sales-Consolidated

Net
sales in fiscal year 2020 increased $9
185 (4.9%) when compared to the prior fiscal year. The changes in net sales were comprised
as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
(2
068

    
    
10
697

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
9
185


Net
Sales-Frozen Food Products Segment

Net
sales in the Frozen Food Products segment in fiscal year 2020 decreased $9
993 (19.5%) compared to the prior fiscal year. The
changes in net sales were comprised as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
1
604

    
    
(13
524

    
    
    

    
    
1
917

    
    
(9
993


The
decrease in net sales in fiscal year 2020 was attributable to lower unit sales volume partially offset by a higher selling price
per pound. The decrease in net sales was primarily driven by a significant decrease in volume in our shelf-stable sandwich business
to institutional customers partially offset by an increase in selling prices implemented in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019.
Other institutional Frozen Food Product sales
 including sheet dough and rolls
 decreased 29% by volume while retail sales volume
increased 38%. During fiscal year 2020
 demand shifted from foodservice to retail sales channels as schools and in-dining restaurants
closed across the United States in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Returns activity increased compared to the prior fiscal
year. Promotional activity decreased due to lower bid price reductions
 rebates and menu allowances as a percentage of sales.

Net
Sales-Snack Food Products Segment

Net
sales in the Snack Food Products segment in fiscal year 2020 increased $19
178 (13.9%) compared to the prior fiscal year. The
changes in net sales were comprised as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
(3
671

    
    
24
222

    
    
    

    
    
(2
246

    
    
19
178


The
increase in net sales in fiscal year 2020 was attributable to higher sales through our direct store delivery distribution channel.
The weighted average selling price per pound decreased due to significant volume increases in high volume
 low margin accounts.
Promotional offers increased due to higher sales to high-volume
 high-promotion customers. Returns activity decreased slightly
compared to the 2019 fiscal year.


    
    


Cost
of Products Sold and Gross Margin-Consolidated

Cost
of products sold from continuing operations increased by $11
331 (8.9%) compared to the prior fiscal year. Higher unit sales volume
in the Snack Food Products segment was the primary contributing factor to the increase in cost of products sold. Gross overhead
spending decreased but was offset by significant increases in commodity costs
 higher production labor and higher inbound freight
costs. Costs related to an additional production facility completed at the end of fiscal year 2020 also increased overhead expenses.
An increase in commodity costs during fiscal year 2020 contributed to the increase in cost of goods sold. The gross margin decreased
from 32.7% to 30.1% during fiscal year 2020 compared to the prior fiscal year.



    
    
    
    

    
(5
757
    
    

    
17
088
    
3
815

    
11
331
    
3
885


Cost
of Products Sold and Gross Margin&ndash;Frozen Food Products Segment

Cost
of products sold in the Frozen Food Products segment decreased by $5
757 (17.2%) in fiscal year 2020 compared to the prior fiscal
year. Decreased volume and changes in product mix were the primary contributing factors to the decrease. Higher flour commodity
costs of approximately $70 partially offset the decrease in costs of goods sold. The gross margin percentage decreased from 34.7%
to 32.9% during fiscal year 2020 compared to the prior fiscal year.

Cost
of Products Sold and Gross Margin&ndash;Snack Food Products Segment

Cost
of products sold in the Snack Food Products segment increased by $17
088 (18.2%) compared to the prior fiscal year due primarily
to a substantial increase in sales volume. Meat commodity costs increased during fiscal year 2020 adding to the increase in cost
of products sold. The cost of meat commodities increased approximately $3
815 during fiscal year 2020 compared to the prior fiscal
year. Higher depreciation on processing equipment impacted the cost of products sold. The gross margin earned in this segment
decreased from 31.9% to 29.3% during fiscal year 2020 primarily as a result of higher commodity costs.

Selling
General and Administrative Expenses-Consolidated

Selling
general and administrative expenses (&ldquo;SG&amp;A&rdquo;) in fiscal year 2020 increased $1
609 (3.0%) when compared to the
prior fiscal year. The increase in this category did not directly correspond to the change in sales.

The
table below summarizes the primary expense variances in this category:



    
October 30
 2020
November 1
 2019
    

    
1
949
3
091
(1
142

    
1
333
    
1
101

    
1
649
2
397
    

    
24
079
23
399
    

    
2
369
1
785
    

    
6
714
6
303
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
018
    
    

    
15
810
15
368
    

    
54
446
52
837
1
609


Healthcare
benefit expense has decreased due to recent favorable claim activity compared to fiscal year 2019. The increase in pension expense
was due to a higher unrecognized net loss compared to the prior year. Travel expenses decreased due to travel restrictions and
stay-at-home orders in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Higher labor commissions on increased sales resulted in higher wages
and bonus expense in fiscal year 2020 compared to the prior year. Outside consulting costs increased due to higher real estate
advisory services and other related legal fees. Costs for product advertising increased mainly as a result of higher payments
under brand licensing agreements in the Snack Food Products segment during fiscal year 2020. Outside storage costs increased due
to limited space at the new facility being used to warehouse products prior to shipment. The gain on cash surrender value of life
insurance policies increased substantially due to higher stock market gains compared to fiscal year 2019. Vehicle repairs increased
in the Snack Food Products segment. The major components comprising the increase of &ldquo;Other SG&amp;A&rdquo; expenses were
computer maintenance and utilities.

Selling
General and Administrative Expenses-Frozen Food Products Segment

SG&amp;A
expenses in the Frozen Food Products segment decreased by $2
301 (15.5%) to $12
566 during fiscal year 2020 compared to the prior
fiscal year. The overall decrease in SG&amp;A expenses was due to lower unit sales volume
 profit-sharing accruals and product
advertising.


    
    


Selling
General and Administrative Expenses-Refrigerated and Snack Food Products Segment

SG&amp;A
expenses in the Snack Food Products segment increased by $3
910 (10.3%) to $41
880 during fiscal year 2020 compared to the prior
fiscal year. Most of the increase was due to higher unit sales volume partially offset by an allocated gain on cash surrender
value of life insurance policies.

Gain
or Loss on Sale of Property
 Plant and Equipment

The
gain or loss during fiscal years 2020 and 2019 was due to ordinary gain or loss on disposal of assets.

Income
Taxes

The
Company&rsquo;s effective income tax rate was -42.7% and 24.0% in fiscal years 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The effective income
tax rate differed from the applicable mixed statutory rate of approximately 26.4% due to the rate differential on our net operating
loss carryback available under the CARES Act
 non-deductible meals and entertainment
 non-taxable gains and losses on life insurance
policies and state income taxes. (Refer to Note 4 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information).

Liquidity
and Capital Resources (in thousands except share amounts
 percentages and ratios)

The
principal source of our operating cash flow is cash receipts from the sale of our products
 net of costs to manufacture
 store
market and deliver such products. We normally fund our operations from cash balances and cash flow generated from operations.
We borrowed $15
000 during fiscal year 2019 and $18
450 during the first half of fiscal year 2020 to purchase specific equipment
for our new Chicago processing facility. In addition
 we borrowed $4
500 under our line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A.
during the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 to fund operations which was repaid in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. We borrowed
$2
000 under the line of credit subsequent to the end of fiscal year 2020 on December 2
 2020.

On
March 16
 2020
 we entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with CRG Acquisition
 LLC (&ldquo;CRG&rdquo;) as amended
 pursuant
to which we agreed to sell to CRG a parcel of land including an approximate 156
000 square foot four-story industrial food processing
building located at 170 N. Green Street in Chicago
 Illinois (the &ldquo;Property&rdquo;). Proceeds from the purchase price for
the Property of $60
000 are anticipated subject to a due diligence period and certain closing adjustments and prorations
 and
is conditioned upon
 among other customary closing conditions
 CRG receiving zoning and other governmental approvals necessary
for the construction and development of a mixed use project on the Property in accordance with certain development plans to be
approved by the City of Chicago. The cost basis of the Property was immaterial. The escrow account for the transaction has received
$1
350 in earnest money through October 30
 2020. We have received a total of $225 which is non-refundable earnest money and thus
not part of restricted cash.

Historically
we expect positive operating and cash flows in the first quarter of our fiscal year from the liquidation of inventory and accounts
receivable balances related to holiday season sales. Anticipated commodity price trends may affect future cash balances. Certain
commodities may be purchased in advance of our immediate needs to lower the ultimate cost of processing.

Cash
flows from operating activities:



    
October 30
 2020
November 1
 2019

    
    
    

    
7
323
6
484

    
    
    

    
5
514
4
153

    
    
    

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
    
    


 net
6
385
1
889

    
(8
816
(4
761

    
9
917
7
247


For
the fifty-two weeks ended October 30
 2020
 net cash provided by operating activities was $9
917
 an increase of $2
670 compared
to the fifty-two weeks ended November 1
 2019. The net increase in cash provided by operating activities primarily related to
higher net income of $7
323
 deferred income taxes of $6
045 and higher accounts payable of $2
509 partially offset by an increase
in inventory of $2
929 and an increase in accounts receivable of $1
512. During fiscal year 2020
 we did not contribute towards
our defined benefit pension plan. Plan funding strategies may be adjusted depending upon economic conditions
 investment options
tax deductibility
 or legislative changes in funding requirements.


    
    


Our
cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory and trade receivables less days of trade payables outstanding) was equal to
66 days for the fifty-two weeks ended October 30
 2020 and 67 days for the fifty-two weeks ended November 1
 2019.

For
the fifty-two weeks ended November 1
 2019
 net cash provided by operating activities was $7
247. The result was primarily related
to lower net income
 an increase in inventory and deferred income taxes. During fiscal year 2019
 we funded $875 towards our defined
benefit pension plan.

Cash
used in investing activities:



    
October 30
 2020
November 1
 2019


 plant and equipment
    
    

    
1
125
    


 plant and equipment
(24
482
(25
739

    
(23
318
(25
678


Expenditures
for property
 plant and equipment include the acquisition of equipment
 upgrading of facilities to maintain operating efficiency
and investments in cost effective technologies to lower costs. In general
 we capitalize the cost of additions and improvements
and expense the cost of repairs and maintenance. We may also capitalize costs related to improvements that extend the life
 increase
the capacity
 or improve the efficiency of existing machinery and equipment. Specifically
 capitalization of upgrades of facilities
to maintain operating efficiency include acquisitions of machinery and equipment used on packaging lines and refrigeration equipment
used to process food products. Proceeds from deposits in escrow of $1
125 relate to the pending sale of a parcel of land including
an approximate 156
000 square foot four-story industrial food processing building located at 170 N. Green Street in Chicago
 Illinois.
Refer to Note 1 &ndash; Subsequent Events for more information. We have received a total of $1
350 in deposits in escrow
less $225 received as non-refundable earnest money.

The
table below highlights the additions to property
 plant and equipment for the fifty-two weeks ended:



    
October 30
 2020
November 1
 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
669
10
103

    
    
    

    
    
3
285

    
29
466
2
019

    
    
2
641

    
    
1
585

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(11
455
5
032


 plant and equipment
24
482
25
739


Expenditures
for additions to property
 plant and equipment during the fifty-two weeks ended October 30
 2020 include projects in process of
$1
090 related to the new facility in Chicago.

Cash
provided by financing activities:



    
October 30
 2020
November 1
 2019

    
    
    

    
18
450
17
000

    
(3
076
(3
253

    
15
350
13
730


Our
stock repurchase program was approved by the Board of Directors in November 1999 and was expanded in June 2005. Under the stock
repurchase program
 we were authorized
 at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors
 to purchase up to an aggregate
of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock on the open market. As of the end of fiscal year 2020
 120
113 shares remained authorized
for repurchase under the program. 

The
Company leases three long-haul trucks received during fiscal year 2019. The six-year leases for these trucks expire in 2025. Amortization
of equipment under capital lease was $71 in 2020. The Company leased one long-haul truck for $40 during fiscal year 2020
and that lease term is two years.


    
    


We
maintain a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. that extends through March 1
 2022. Under the terms of this line of
credit
 we may borrow up to $7
500 at an interest rate equal to the bank&rsquo;s prime rate or LIBOR plus 1.5%. We borrowed
$2
000 under this line of credit on November 24
 2019 and $2
500 on January 24
 2020 for a combined total of $4
500. We
repaid the balance on this line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. on May 13
 2020 of $4
500 with the proceeds from the
fifth borrowing of $7
200 under the master collateral loan and security agreement with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. described
below. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of October 30
 2020. Subsequent to October 30
 2020
 we borrowed
$2
000 under the line of credit on December 2
 2020.

On
December 26
 2018
 we entered into a master collateral loan and security agreement with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. (the &ldquo;Original
Wells Fargo Loan Agreement&rdquo;) for up to $15
000 in equipment financing as amended to expand facility. Pursuant to the Original
Wells Fargo Loan Agreement
 we borrowed the following amounts.



Type
    and Number (1)
    
Date
    Funds Received 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Interest
Amount and Date

    

Equipment
    Loan No. 01 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
103
    
    
    

Equipment
    Loan No. 02
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
102
    
    
    

Equipment
    Loan No. 03
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
750
    
    
    
54
    
    
    

Equipment
    Loan No. 04
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
100
    
    
    

Equipment
    Loan No. 05
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
200
    
    
    
97
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
33
450
    
    
    
456
    
    
    




    
    
Term:
    7 years for 84 installment payments.


The
Wells Fargo Loan Agreement as amended and line of credit
 contain various affirmative and negative covenants that limit
the use of funds and define other provisions of the loan. The main financial covenants are listed below:



    
    
Total
    Liabilities divided by Tangible Net Worth not greater than 2.5 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter


    
    
Quick
    Ratio not less than 1.0 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter end
 and

    
    
Fixed
    Charge Coverage Ratio not less than 1.25 to 1.0 as of each fiscal quarter end
 determined on a trailing 4-quarter basis.



Aggregate
contractual maturities of debt in future fiscal years are as follows:



Fiscal
    Years
    
Debt
    Payable
    

    
    
    
4
429
    

    
    
    
4
599
    

    
    
    
4
775
    

    
    
    
4
958
    

    
    
    
5
148
    

    
    
    
5
213
    


The
Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Wells Fargo Loan Agreement and line of credit as of October 30
2020.

Impact
of Inflation

Our
operating results are heavily dependent upon the prices paid for raw materials. The marketing of our value-added products does
not lend itself to instantaneous changes in selling prices. Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare
with the volatility of commodity markets. While fluctuations in significant cost structure components
 such as ingredient commodities
and fuel prices
 have had a significant impact on profitability over the last two fiscal years
 the impact of general price inflation
on our financial position and results of operations has not been significant. However
 future volatility of general price inflation
or deflation and raw material cost and availability could adversely affect our financial results.

Management
is of the opinion that our strong financial position and our capital resources are sufficient to provide for our operating needs
and capital expenditures for fiscal year 2021.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
do not currently have any off-balance sheet arrangements within the meaning of Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K.

Contractual
Obligations

Except
as described above
 we had no other debt or other contractual obligations within the meaning of Item 303(a)(5) of Regulation S-K
as of October 30
 2020.

Our
expected future liability related to construction of the new Chicago processing facility is approximately $3
006 as of October
30
 2020.

Critical
Accounting Policies

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for self-insured workers&rsquo; compensation
employee healthcare and pension benefits are especially subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may
ultimately settle at amounts not originally estimated. We record promotions
 returns allowances
 bad debt and inventory allowances
based on recent and historical trends. Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information
available at the time.


    
    


Disclosure
concerning our policies on credit risk
 revenue recognition
 cash surrender or contract value for life insurance policies
 deferred
income tax and the recoverability of our long-lived assets are provided in Notes 1 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Regulations

Various
accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements
 interpretations and exposure
drafts. For information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact
 if any
 on our financial position or results of operations
see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Not
applicable for a smaller reporting company.

Item
8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The
consolidated financial statements required by this Item are set forth in Part IV
 Item 15 of this Report.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Not
applicable.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures

Our
management
 with the participation and under the supervision of our Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this
Report. Based on this evaluation
 the Chairman and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
are effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report in their design and operation to provide reasonable assurance
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 and recorded
 processed
summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

Our
management
 including our Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls
will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can
be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the control.

The
design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time
a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
and not be detected.

We
maintain and evaluate a system of internal accounting controls
 and a program designed to provide reasonable assurance that our
assets are protected and that transactions are performed in accordance with proper authorization and are properly recorded. This
system of internal accounting controls is continually reviewed and modified in response to evolving business conditions and operations
and to recommendations made by our independent registered public accounting firm. We have established a code of conduct. Our management
believes that the accounting and internal control systems provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded
 and financial
information is reliable.

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly with our financial management and counsel
 and with the independent
registered public accounting firm engaged by us. Internal accounting controls and the quality of financial reporting are discussed
during these meetings. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm matters required
to be discussed by Statement of Auditing Standards No. 16 (Communication with Audit Committees). In addition
 the Audit Committee
and the independent registered public accounting firm have discussed the independent registered public accounting firm&rsquo;s
independence from our Company and its management
 including the matters in the written disclosures required by Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526 &ldquo;Communicating with Audit Committees Concerning Independence&rdquo;.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reports

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter covered by this Report that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


    
    


Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In
order to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 we have undertaken and continue a comprehensive effort
 which includes the
documentation and review of our internal controls. In order to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 we centralized most accounting
and many administrative functions at our corporate headquarters in an effort to control the cost of maintaining our control systems.

The
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 signed into law by the President on July 21
 2010
 permanently exempts
small public companies with less than $75 million in public float
 such as the Company
 from the requirement to obtain an external
audit on the effectiveness of internal financial reporting controls provided in Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a
result
 an attestation report on internal controls over financial reporting by an independent registered public accounting firm
has not been presented. Section 404(a) is still effective for smaller public companies and requires the disclosure of management
attestations on internal controls over financial reporting.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control
over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting based on the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) and related illustrative documents
as an update to Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992). Management determined that the 17 principles were present and functioning
during its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for our fiscal year ended October 30
 2020. Based
on management&rsquo;s assessment and the above-referenced criteria
 management believes that the internal control over financial
reporting for our fiscal year ended October 30
 2020 was effective.

Item
9B. Other Information

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The
information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 30
 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Information concerning our executive officers is set forth in Part I
 Item 1 of this Report under the heading &ldquo;Executive
Officers of the Registrant&rdquo;.

Item
11. Executive Compensation

The
information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 30
 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The
information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 30
 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Equity
Compensation Plan Information

Not
applicable
 as we do not have any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

The
information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 30
 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference.

We
are considered a &ldquo;controlled company&rdquo; within the meaning of Rule 5615(c)(1) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules based on the
approximate 80% beneficial ownership of our outstanding common stock by Bridgford Industries Incorporated and are therefore exempted
from various NASDAQ Listing Rules pertaining to certain &ldquo;independence&rdquo; requirements of our directors. Nevertheless
the Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Andrews and Scott and Ms. Schott who together comprise the Audit Committee
and the Compensation Committee
 are all &ldquo;independent directors&rdquo; within the meaning of Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ Listing
Rules.

Our
general legal counsel is the son of the former senior chairman of the Board of Directors. As legal counsel to the Board and the
Compensation Committee
 he currently is paid a fee of $2
480 for each meeting attended. Total fees paid under this arrangement
for fiscal year 2020 were approximately $24
600. Legal services are performed on our behalf and billed by a firm in which he is
a partner. Total fees billed under this arrangement for fiscal year 2020 were approximately $292
700.

Former
director Allan Bridgford Jr.
 son of the former senior chairman of the Board of Directors
 is providing consulting services to
the Chicago plant and management. The contract on behalf of the Company with Allan Bridgford Jr. is for consulting services at
$1
200 per day. Total fees billed under this arrangement for fiscal year 2020 were approximately $169
000. As a member of the
Board of Directors
 he was paid a fee of $2
480 for each meeting attended during fiscal year 2020. Total fees paid under this
arrangement for fiscal year 2020 were $22
220. Under an arrangement with Allan Bridgford Jr.
 we accrued approximately $279
400
of profit sharing based on fiscal year 2020 profitability to be paid out in three installments equally over the next three years.

Director
Keith Ross currently provides real estate consulting services to the Board and management. He was paid a fee of $2
480 for each
Board meeting attended and was paid an aggregate of $24
600 for meetings attended during fiscal year 2020. Fees of approximately
$37
780 were paid during fiscal year 2020 for consulting services.

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The
information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended October 30
 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a)(1)




    
    

Management&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&rsquo; Equity for years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
    

    
    


(2)


Not
applicable for a smaller reporting company.

(3)


(a)




    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by Reference
    
    

Exhibit
    Number
    
Exhibit
    Description
    
    
    
File
    No.
    
    
    
Filing
    Date
    
Filed
    Herewith

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Restated Articles of Incorporation
 as amended.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Consulting Agreement
 dated August 12
 2019
 between the Registrant and Allan L. Bridgford Sr.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Purchase and Sale Agreement dated March 16
 2020 between Bridgford Foods Processing Company and CRG Acquisition
 LLC. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Executive Officer).
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Financial Officer).
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Each
    of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract
 compensatory plan or arrangement.


Item
16. Form 10-K Summary

Not
applicable.


    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
BRIDGFORD
    FOODS CORPORATION

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    WILLIAM L. BRIDGFORD

    
    
William
    L. Bridgford

    
    
Chairman
    of the Board


Date:
January 15
 2021

POWER
OF ATTORNEY

We
the undersigned directors and officers of Bridgford Foods Corporation
 do hereby constitute and appoint William L. Bridgford and
Raymond F. Lancy
 or either of them
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 our true and lawful attorneys and agents
to do any and all acts and things in our name and behalf in our capacities as directors and officers and to execute any and all
instruments for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below
 which said attorneys and agents
 or either of them
 or
their substitutes
 may deem necessary or advisable to enable said corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended
 and any rules
 regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual
Report on Form 10-K
 including specifically
 but without limitation
 power and authority to sign for us or any of us in our names
and in the capacities indicated below
 any and all amendments; and we do hereby ratify and confirm all that the said attorneys
and agents
 or either of them
 shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    WILLIAM L. BRIDGFORD
    
Chairman
    of the Board
    
January
    15
 2021

William
    L. Bridgford
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    JOHN V. SIMMONS
    
President
    and Director
    
January
    15
 2021

John
    V. Simmons
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Executive Vice President

    
    

/s/
    RAYMOND F. LANCY
    
Treasurer
    Assistant Secretary and Director
    
January
    15
 2021

Raymond
    F. Lancy
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    ALLAN L. BRIDGFORD SR.
    
    
    
January
    15
 2021

Allan
    L. Bridgford Sr.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    TODD C. ANDREWS
    
    
    
January
    15
 2021

Todd
    C. Andrews
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    D. GREGORY SCOTT
    
    
    
January
    15
 2021

D.
    Gregory Scott
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    KEITH A. ROSS
    
    
    
January
    15
 2021

Keith
    A. Ross
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    MARY SCHOTT
    
    
    
January
    15
 2021

Mary
    Schott
    
    
    
    



    
    


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Bridgford
Foods Corporation

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bridgford Foods Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company) as
of October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&rsquo;
equity and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively
the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of the Company as of October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.



/s/
Baker Tilly US
 LLP
    



We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2009.

Irvine
California
January
15
 2021


    
    


BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS
October
30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
(in
thousands
 except per share amounts)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
302
3
478

    
1
125
    


 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $16 and $31
 respectively and promotional allowances of $2
550 and $2
974
 respectively
23
818
21
875


 net
29
296
26
367

    
9
517
    

    
    
1
048

    
68
750
52
768

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $58
686 and $54
015
 respectively
73
332
54
346

    
13
201
12
295

    
    
4
047

    
155
283
123
456

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
502
7
993


 advertising and other expenses
5
981
5
480

    
    
    

    
4
430
1
943

    
5
196
4
434

    
26
203
19
940

    
    
    

    
24
692
11
804

    
2
338
    

    
30
804
25
228

    
84
037
56
972

    
    
    


 5 and 6)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 without par value; Authorized
 - 1
000 shares; issued and outstanding &ndash; none
    
    


 $1.00 par value; Authorized
 - 20
000 shares; issued and outstanding &ndash; 9
076
9
134
9
134

    
8
298
8
298

    
79
755
72
432

    
(25
941
(23
380

    
71
246
66
484

    
155
283
123
456


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
For
the fiscal years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
(in
thousands
 except share and per share amounts)



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
197
970
188
785

    
    
    

    
138
452
127
121

    
    
    

    
59
518
61
664

    
    
    


 general and administrative expenses
54
446
52
837

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
130
8
537

    
    
    

    
(2
193
2
053

    
    
    

    
7
323
6
484

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
076
832
9
076
832


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For
the fiscal years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
(in
thousands)



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
7
323
6
484

    
(3
920
(6
632

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    

    
    
    


 before taxes
(3
364
(7
472

    
    
    

    
    
1
792

    
    
    


 net of tax
(2
561
(5
680

    
    
    


 net of tax
4
762
    


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
For
the fiscal years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
(in
thousands)



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 November 2
 2018
9
076
9
134
8
298
65
948
(17
700
65
680

    
    
    
    
6
484
    
6
484


 net of tax
    
    
    
    
(5
680
(5
680

    
 November 1
 2019
9
076
9
134
8
298
72
432
(23
380
66
484

    
    
    
    
7
323
    
7
323


 net of tax
    
    
    
    
(2
561
(2
561


 October 30
 2020
9
076
9
134
8
298
79
755
(25
941
71
246


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
For
the fiscal years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
(in
thousands)



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
323
6
484

    
    
    

    
5
514
4
153

    
    
    

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
    
    


 net
6
385
1
889

    
    
    

    
(1
512
    

    
(2
929
(2
954

    
    
    

    
(9
086
    

    
    
    

    
2
509
    


 advertising and other expenses
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(1
643

    
2
286
    

    
9
917
7
249

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
    
    

    
1
125
    


 plant and equipment
(24
482
(25
739

    
(23
318
(25
678

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
18
450
17
000

    
(3
076
(3
253

    
15
350
13
730

    
1
949
(4
699

    
    
    

    
3
478
8
179

    
5
427
3
478

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(in
thousands except share and per share amounts
 time periods
 ratios and percentages)

NOTE
1 - 

Bridgford
Foods Corporation was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California
and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of
meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. We
 including our subsidiaries
are primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated
 and snack
food products throughout the United States.

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly owned. All
inter-company transactions have been eliminated.

Use
of estimates and assumptions

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
 self-insured
workers&rsquo; compensation and employee healthcare benefits are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities
may ultimately settle at amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization
of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies
 promotional allowances and the allowance
for doubtful accounts and inventory reserves. Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information
available at the time.

We
test long-lived assets for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not
be recoverable. If an impairment is indicated
 we measure the fair value of assets to determine if and when adjustments are recorded.

Subsequent
events

Management
has evaluated events subsequent to October 30
 2020 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure
in such financial statements. The Company maintains a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. that expires on March 1
 2022.
Under the terms of this line of credit
 we may borrow up to $7
500 at an interest rate equal to the bank&rsquo;s prime rate or
LIBOR plus 1.5%. The Company borrowed an additional $2
000 under the line of credit on December 2
 2020.

Effective
November 3
 2020
 Allan Bridgford Jr. resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of Bridgford Foods Corporation. The resignation
was not the result of a disagreement with management regarding operations
 policies or practices of the Company. Mr. Bridgford
will continue to serve as a consultant to the Company.

As
previously reported
 on March 16
 2020
 Bridgford Food Processing Corporation (&ldquo;BFPC&rdquo;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company
 entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the &ldquo;CRG Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with CRG Acquisition
 LLC
(&ldquo;CRG&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which BFPC agreed to sell to CRG
 pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the CRG Purchase
Agreement
 a parcel of land including an approximate 156
000 square foot four-story industrial food processing building located
at 170 N. Green Street in Chicago
 Illinois (the &ldquo;Property&rdquo;). The purchase price for the Property is $60
000 subject
to a due diligence period and certain closing adjustments and prorations
 and is conditioned upon
 among other customary closing
conditions
 CRG receiving zoning and other governmental approvals necessary for the construction and development of a mixed use
project on the Property in accordance with certain development plans to be approved by the City of Chicago. The cost basis of
the Property was immaterial.

On
November 2
 2020
 the Company executed a fourth amendment to the CRG Purchase Agreement. Under the original terms and conditions
of the CRG Purchase Agreement
 the closing of the sale of the Property to CRG would occur on the date that is thirty (30) days
after CRG&rsquo;s receipt of the necessary zoning approvals
 but in any event no earlier than October 31
 2020 and no later than
March 31
 2021. The first amendment dated as of April 10
 2020 extended the inspection period to June 1
 2020. The second amendment
dated as of June 1
 2020 extended the inspection period to July 31
 2020
 zoning period to February 1
 2021 and closing date to
February 5
 2021. The third amendment dated July 31
 2020 extended the inspection period to October 31
 2020
 zoning period to
April 30
 2021 and closing date to May 6
 2021. The fourth amendment dated November 2
 2020 further extended the inspection period
to February 1
 2021
 the zoning period to August 2
 2021 and closing date to August 31
 2021. The escrow account has received
$1
350 in earnest money through October 30
 2020. We have received a total of $225 which is non-refundable earnest money and
thus not part of restricted cash.

Based
on management&rsquo;s review
 no other material subsequent events were identified that require adjustment to the financial statements
or additional disclosure.


    
    


Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are recorded at net realizable value. The value is presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts and promotional
incentives. Our accounts receivable consists mainly of trade receivables from customer sales. We evaluate the collectability of
our accounts receivable based on several factors. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends
and current collectability risk. Our provision for doubtful accounts was $16 and $31 as of October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
respectively.

Concentrations
of credit risk

Our
credit risk is diversified across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been
immaterial. The carrying amount of cash equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
which may at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Management does not believe there
is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions.

Sales
to Wal-Mart&reg; comprised 36.9% of revenues in fiscal year 2020 and 19.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&reg;
as of October 30
 2020. Sales to Wal-Mart&reg; comprised 35.7% of revenues in fiscal year 2019 and 31.9% of total accounts receivable
was due from Wal-Mart&reg; as of November 1
 2019. Sales to Dollar General&reg; comprised 13.6% of revenues in fiscal year 2020
and 31.1% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&reg; as of October 30
 2020. Sales to Dollar General&reg; comprised
11.1% of revenues in fiscal year 2019 and 21.7% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&reg; as of November 1
2019.

COVID-19
pandemic

We
have considered the impact of federal
 state and local government actions related to the global novel coronavirus pandemic (&ldquo;COVID-19&rdquo;
or &ldquo;pandemic&rdquo;) on our consolidated financial statements. The business disruptions associated with the pandemic had
a significant negative impact on our consolidated financial statements for the fifty-two week period ended October 30
 2020. We
expect these events to have future business impact
 the extent of which is uncertain and largely subject to whether the severity
worsens
 or the duration of current business shutdowns continue. These impacts could include but may not be limited to risks and
uncertainty related to shifts in demand between sales channels
 market volatility
 constraints in our supply chain
 our ability
to operate production facilities and worker availability. These unknowns may subject the Company to future risks related to long-lived
asset impairments
 increased reserves for uncollectible accounts
 price and availability of ingredients and raw materials used
in our products and adjustments to reflect the market value of our inventory.

Business
segments

The
Company and subsidiaries operate in two business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen foods products
 and the
processing and distribution of snack food products. See Note 7 for further information.

Fiscal
year

We
maintain our accounting records on a 52-53-week fiscal basis ending on the Friday closest to October 31. As part of the regular
accounting cycle
 fiscal years 2020 and 2019 included 52 weeks.



The
Company recognizes revenue for the sale of the product at the point in time when our performance obligation has been satisfied
and control of the product has transferred to our customer
 which generally occurs upon shipment
 pickup or delivery to a customer
based on terms of the sale. Contracts with customers are typically short-term in nature with completion of a single performance
obligation. Product is sold to foodservice
 retail
 institutional and other distribution channels. Products are delivered to customers
primarily through our own long-haul fleet
 common carrier or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery
costs
 $4
537 and $5
012 for fiscal years 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Shipping and handling that occurs after the customer has obtained control
of the product is recorded as a fulfillment cost rather than an additional assured service. Costs paid to third party brokers
to obtain contracts are recognized as part of selling expenses. Other sundry items in context of the contract are also recognized
as selling expense. Any taxes collected on behalf of the government are excluded from net revenue.

We
record revenue at the transaction price which is measured as the amount of consideration we anticipate to receive in exchange
for providing product to our customers. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated
or known amounts including variable consideration for discounts
 trade allowances
 consumer incentives
 coupons
 volume-based
incentives
 cooperative advertising
 product returns and other such programs. Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive
and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based
primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates are reviewed regularly until incentives or product returns
are realized and the result of any such adjustments are known. Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2020
and 2019 were $11
418 and $11
105
 respectively.

Advertising
expenses

Advertising
and other promotional expenses are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses for fiscal years
2020 and 2019 were $2
246 and $2
574
 respectively.


    
    


Cash
and cash equivalents

We
consider all investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include money
market funds and treasury bills. Cash equivalents totaled $4
302 as of October 30
 2020 and $3
478 as of November 1
 2019. All
material cash and cash equivalents as of October 30
 2020 were held at Wells Fargo Bank N.A.

Restricted
cash

Proceeds
from deposits in escrow of $1
125 as of October 30
 2020 relate to the pending sale of a parcel of land including an approximate
156
000 square foot four-story industrial food processing building located at 170 N. Green Street in Chicago
 Illinois. Refer
to Note 1 &ndash; Subsequent Events for more information.

Fair
value measurements

We
classify levels of inputs to measure the fair value of financial assets as follows:



    
Level
    1 inputs: Level 1 inputs are quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible
    at the measurement date. 

    
    

    
Level
    2 inputs: Level 2 inputs are from other than quoted market prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
    liability
 either directly or indirectly.

    
    

    
Level
    3 inputs: Level 3 inputs are unobservable and should be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are
    not available.


The
hierarchy noted above requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
when determining fair value.

The
Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis for the fiscal years
ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019.



Inventories
are valued at the lower of cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis) or net realizable value. Inventories
include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write
down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value. An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving
or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value. Changes in economic conditions
 production
requirements
 and lower than expected customer demand could result in additional obsolete or slow-moving inventory that cannot
be sold or must be sold at reduced prices and could result in additional reserve provisions.

Property
plant and equipment

Property
plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset
accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed
of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is credited
or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements
 5
to 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 3 to 5 years for transportation equipment. We built a processing plant from the ground
up and as such have attributed long useful lives accordingly to these types of assets employed at the new facility in Chicago.
The Company incurred interest costs of $879 for fiscal year 2020
 all of which was capitalized in relation to the construction
of the new facility in Chicago.



Leases
are recognized in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) 2016-02 Leases (ASC 842) which requires a lessee
to recognize assets and liabilities with lease terms of more than 12 months. We lease or rent property for such operations as
storing inventory
 packaging or processing product
 equipment and parking vehicles. We analyze our agreements to evaluate whether
or not a lease exists by determining what assets exist for which we control usage for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
In the event a lease exists
 we classify it as a finance or operating lease and record a right-of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) asset
and the corresponding lease liability at the inception of the lease. In the case of month-to-month lease or rental agreements
with terms of 12 months or less
 we made an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets and liabilities and record
them on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The storage units rented for use by our Snack Food Product Segment direct store
delivery route system are not costly to relocate
 contain no significant leasehold improvements
 no degree of integration over
leased assets
 orders can be fulfilled by another route storage unit interchangeably
 no specialized assets exist
 market price
is paid for storage units and there is no guarantee of debt.

Finance
lease assets are recorded within property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company&rsquo;s
leases of long-haul trucks used in its Frozen Food Products Segment qualify as finance leases. Finance lease liabilities are recorded
as a separate line item on the consolidated balance sheets reflecting both the current and long-term obligation. The classification
as a finance or operating lease determines whether the recognition
 measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows are
considered operating or financing.


    
    


Life
insurance policies

We
record the cash surrender value or contract value for life insurance policies as an adjustment of premiums paid in determining
the expense or income to be recognized under the contract for the period. The cash surrender value is included in other non-current
assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Income
taxes

Deferred
taxes are provided for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets
when it is expected that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. The determination as to
whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially
upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
supply costs
 and multiple other factors
 which are inherently difficult to predict.

We
provide tax accruals for federal
 state and local exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance
responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note
4 for further information). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&rsquo;s opinion adequate provisions
for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from
these estimates
 they could have a material impact on our results of operations.

Stock-based
compensation

We
measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant. We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered
into any stock-based payment agreements since April 29
 1999
 and no such expense was recognized in fiscal years 2020 and 2019.

Comprehensive
income or loss

Comprehensive
income or loss consists of net income and additional minimum pension liability adjustments.

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements and regulations

In
May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued ASU 2014-09 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with
Customers&rdquo; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents a single five-step
model for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for
those goods or services. Two options are available for implementation of the standard which are either the retrospective approach
or cumulative effect adjustment approach. The guidance became effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the modified
retrospective transition method beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The adoption did not have a material impact on
our consolidated financial statements. For further information please refer to Revenues above. Disaggregated revenue is disclosed
in Note 7 - Segment Information.

In
January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 &ldquo;Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&rdquo;
that requires most equity investments to be measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value to be recognized in net
income. The guidance covers presentation and disclosure requirements of financial liabilities and the classification and measurement
of financial instruments. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2017. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The adoption did not
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 &ldquo;Leases&rdquo;
 which requires a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities
with lease terms of more than 12 months. Both capital and operating leases are to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance
is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2019 which is our first quarter of fiscal 2020. We have analyzed all lease transactions during fiscal year
2019 and 2020 to date. The Company elected not to reassess expired contracts or adjust comparative periods. The Company determined
that no change to current accounting treatment is warranted for most transactions due to the underlying nature of our leases.
In the case of month-to-month lease or rental agreements with terms of 12 months or less
 the Company made an accounting policy
election to not recognize lease assets and liabilities. The Company performed a detailed analysis and determined that the only
indication of a long-term lease was Hogshed Ventures
 LLC. The accounting treatment of this lease for warehouse storage included
establishing a right-of-use asset and corresponding liability was recorded for Hogshed Ventures
 LLC for 40th Street in Chicago
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. The application of this pronouncement resulted in additional disclosures detailing our
lease arrangements. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and it did not have a material impact
on our consolidated financial statements.


    
    


In
October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
 &ldquo;Income Taxes &ndash; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&rdquo;.
The guidance involves eight specific cash flow issues and aims to unify accounting for these transactions. The guidance became
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this
guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In
March 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-07
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Retirement Benefits&rdquo;. The guidance separates service
cost from other pension cost components changing the presentation of net periodic benefit cost related to company sponsored defined
benefit or other postretirement benefits. The guidance became effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after
December 15
 2017 with early adoption permitted. Additional disclosure reconciling net periodic benefit cost is detailed in Note
3 - Retirement and Other Benefit Plans. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and it did not
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In
December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 &ldquo;Income Taxes &ndash; Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes&rdquo;. The
guidance removes exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 for allocating tax expense between financial statement components
accounting basis differences stemming from an ownership change in foreign investments and interim period income tax accounting
for year-to-date losses that exceed projected losses. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15
 2020 and interim periods within those fiscal years with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of
this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.


    
    


NOTE
2 - 



    
    
    


 net:
    
    


 ingredients and supplies
6
439
5
283

    
1
860
1
562

    
20
997
19
522

    
29
296
26
367


 plant and equipment
 net:
    
    

    
3
908
3
908

    
27
518
21
044

    
88
785
60
617

    
    
    

    
8
846
8
391

    
1
090
    

    
1
358
13
928

    
132
018
108
361

    
(58
686
(54
015

    
73
332
54
346

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
195
12
289

    
    
    

    
13
201
12
295


 advertising and other expenses:
    
    


 vacation
 payroll taxes and employee benefits
4
287
4
063

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
981
5
480

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
074
4
264

    
    
    

    
1
360
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
196
4
434

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
18
678
14
130

    
6
380
6
418

    
2
996
3
655

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
103
    

    
    
    

    
30
804
25
228


NOTE
3 - 

Noncontributory-Trusteed
Defined Benefit Retirement Plans for Sales
 Administrative
 Supervisory and Certain Other Employees

We
have noncontributory-trusteed defined benefit retirement plans for sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees.
In the third quarter of fiscal year 2006
 we froze future benefit accruals under these plans for employees classified within the
administrative
 sales or supervisory job classifications or within any non-bargaining class. The benefits under these plans are
primarily based on years of service and compensation levels. The funding policy of the plans requires contributions which are
at least equal to the minimum required contributions needed to avoid a funding deficiency. The measurement date for the plans
is our fiscal year end.


    
    


Net
pension cost consisted of the following:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
025
2
396

    
(3
688
(3
414

    
2
163
1
236

    
    
    


Net
pension costs and benefit obligations are determined using assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year.

Weighted
average assumptions for each fiscal year are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
benefit obligation
 plan assets
 and funded status of these plans as of the fiscal years ended are as follows:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
53
892
49
434

    
    
    

    
2
189
5
402

    
(1
965
(1
819

    
54
116
53
892

    
    
    

    
68
022
57
487

    
    
    

    
2
025
2
396

    
4
585
9
856

    
(1
965
(1
820

    
72
794
68
022

    
(19
965
(14
130

    
    
    

    
27
373
23
453

    
7
408
9
323


We
perform an internal rate of return analysis when making the discount rate selection. The discount rates were based on FTSE Pension
Liability Index (formerly Citibank) as of October 31
 2020 and November 1
 2019
 respectively.

Plan
assets are primarily invested in marketable equity securities
 corporate and government debt securities and are administered by
an investment management company. The plans&rsquo; long-term return on assets is based on the weighted average of the plans&rsquo;
investment allocation as of the measurement date and the published historical returns for those types of asset categories
 taking
into consideration inflation rate forecasts. No expected employer contribution to the plans in fiscal year 2021 is planned.

For
fiscal year 2020
 our actuary updated mortality tables from the RP-2014 Total Dataset Mortality Table with Scaling to Pri-2012
Total Dataset Mortality Table with MP-2020 Scaling. The expected rate of return on plan assets remained the same at 7.00% effective
for fiscal years 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


The
actual and target allocation for plan assets are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


The
fair value of our pension plan assets as of October 30
 2020 and the level under which fair values were determined
 using the
hierarchy described in Note 1
 is as follows:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
54
116
    
    
54
116


Expected
payments for the pension benefits are as follows:



    
    

    
2
627

    
2
770

    
2
936

    
3
091

    
3
303

    
17
625


Executive
Retirement Plans

Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation

Effective
January 1
 1991
 we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement
 selected employees
contribute a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. We contribute an amount to each participant&rsquo;s account by
computing an investment return equal to Moody&rsquo;s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus 2%. Employees receive vested amounts upon
death
 termination or attainment of retirement age. No benefit expense was recorded under this plan for fiscal years 2020 and
2019.

Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan

Retirement
benefits otherwise available to certain key executives under the Primary Benefit Plan have been limited by the effects of the
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (&ldquo;TEFRA&rdquo;) and the Tax Reform Act of 1986 (&ldquo;TRA&rdquo;). To
offset the loss of retirement benefits associated with TEFRA and TRA
 the Company has adopted a non-qualified &ldquo;makeup&rdquo;
benefit plan (the &ldquo;Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan&rdquo;). Benefits will be provided under the Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan in an amount equal to 60% of each participant&rsquo;s final average earnings minus any pension benefits and primary
insurance amounts available to them under Social Security. However
 in all cases the benefits are capped at $120
000 per year
for Allan L. Bridgford. Benefits provided under this plan for William L. Bridgford and Raymond F. Lancy are calculated at 50%
of final average earnings
 capped at $200
000 per year
 without offsets for other pension or Social Security benefits.


    
    


Benefits
payable related to these plans and included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements were $6
544 and $6
428
as of October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
 respectively. In connection with these arrangements we are the beneficiary of
life insurance policies on the lives of certain key employees and retirees. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies
included in non-current assets
 was $13
195 and $12
289 as of October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
 respectively.

Expected
payments for executive postretirement benefits are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
2
642


Incentive
Compensation Plan for Certain Key Executives

We
provide an incentive compensation plan for certain key executives
 which is based upon our pretax income. The payment of these
amounts is generally deferred over three or five-year periods. The total amount payable related to this arrangement was $6
070
and $7
919 as of October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
 respectively. Future payments are approximately $3
074
 $1
996
 $877
$87 and $36 for fiscal years 2021 through 2025
 respectively.

Postretirement
Healthcare Benefits for Selected Executive Employees

We
provide postretirement health care benefits for selected executive employees. Net periodic postretirement healthcare (benefit)
cost is determined using assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year
 except for the total actual benefit payments and
the discount rate used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense
 which is determined at the end of the fiscal
year.

Net
periodic postretirement healthcare cost (benefit) consisted of the following:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Weighted
average assumptions for the fiscal years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Discount
    rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Medical
    trend rate next year
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ultimate
    trend rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Year
    ultimate trend rate is achieved
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
table below shows the estimated effect of a 1% increase in healthcare cost trend rate on the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
table below shows the estimated effect of a 1% decrease in healthcare cost trend rate on the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


The
healthcare obligation and funded status of this plan as of the fiscal years ended are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Expected
payments for the postretirement benefits are as follows:



    
    
                                                                                

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


401(K)
Plan for Sales
 Administrative
 Supervisory and Certain Other Employees

During
the fiscal year ended November 3
 2006
 we implemented a qualified 401(K) retirement plan (the &ldquo;401K Plan&rdquo;) for our
sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. During fiscal years 2020 and 2019
 we made total employer contributions
to the 401K Plan in the amounts of $754 and $722
 respectively.

NOTE
4 - 

The
benefit on or provision for income taxes includes the following:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(9
517
    

    
    
    

    
(9
382
    

    
    
    

    
7
097
1
667

    
    
    

    
7
189
1
888

    
(2
193
2
053



    
    


The
total tax (benefit) provision differs from the expected amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income
before income taxes as follows:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
1
052
1
790


 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    

    
(2
868
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    

    
(2
193
2
053


Deferred
income taxes result from differences in the bases of assets and liabilities for tax and accounting purposes.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
387
1
794

    
6
752
5
604

    
(12
944
(6
310

    
1
273
2
173

    
    
    


 net
(2
322
4
047


Management
is required to evaluate whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred tax assets based on the consideration
of all available evidence using a &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; standard. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent
upon taxable income in prior carryback years
 estimates of future taxable income
 tax planning strategies
 and reversals of existing
taxable temporary differences.

As
of October 30
 2020
 the Company did not have any valuation allowance against its federal net deferred tax assets.

Management
reevaluated the need for a valuation allowance at the end of fiscal 2020 and 2019 and determined that some of its California net
operating loss (&ldquo;NOL&rdquo;) may not be utilized. Therefore
 a valuation allowance of $77 has been retained for such portion
of California NOL.

As
of October 30
 2020
 the Company had NOL carryforwards of approximately $2
934 for federal and $4
233 for state
purposes. The federal loss will be carried forward indefinitely until it can be utilized against future taxable income. The state
loss carryforwards will expire at various dates from 2023 through 2040.

As
of October 30
 2020
 we have provided a liability of $169 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income
tax matters. None of this liability will reduce our effective income tax rate if the asset is recognized in future reporting periods.
We have not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits.

As
of November 1
 2019
 we have provided a liability of $90 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income
tax matters. None of this liability will reduce our effective income tax rate if the asset is recognized in future reporting periods.
We have not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits.


    
    


A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


We
recognize any future accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of October
30
 2020
 we had approximately $21 in accrued interest and penalties which is included as a component of the $169 unrecognized
tax benefit noted above.

Our
federal income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the fiscal years 2017 through 2019.

We
are subject to income tax in California and various other state taxing jurisdictions. Our state income tax returns are open to
audit under the statute of limitations for the fiscal years ended 2017 through 2019.

We
do not anticipate a significant change to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months.

On
March 27
 2020
 the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (&ldquo;CARES Act&rdquo;) was enacted in response to the
COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act
 among other things
 permits NOL carryovers and carrybacks to offset 100% of taxable income for
taxable years beginning before January 01
 2021. In addition
 the CARES Act allows NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after
December 31
 2017 and before January 01
 2021 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund
of previously paid income taxes. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of various provisions of the CARES Act
 but at
present
 expects that the NOL carryback provision of the CARES Act would result in a material cash benefit to us. The Company
has filed a federal income tax return for tax year 2019 (fiscal year 2020) and carried back a taxable loss of $9
900 to tax years
2014 (fiscal year 2015) and 2015 (fiscal year 2016). Furthermore
 the Company estimates additional taxable loss for tax year 2020
(current fiscal year 2021) which can be carried back to remaining taxable income of tax year 2015 (fiscal year 2016) and taxable
income of tax years 2016 (fiscal year 2017) and 2018 (fiscal year 2019).

On
December 22
 2017
 President Trump signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Tax Act&rdquo;). Among other significant
changes
 the Tax Act reduced the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%. The carryback of NOLs from tax years 2019
and 2020 under the CARES Act to pre- Tax Act years will generate an income tax benefit due to the differential in income tax rates.

Under
U.S. GAAP
 specifically ASC Topic 740


in which the law is enacted
 or March 27
 2020
 for the CARES Act. Thus
 at the date of enactment
 in the second quarter
 the
Company recorded an income tax benefit of $1
100 which represented the impact of the carryback of NOL related to tax year 2019
(fiscal year 2020) which could be estimated with reasonable certainty at that time. The tax benefit
on account of the current year NOL carryback is recorded as a component of the annual effective tax rate per guidance provided
in ASC Topic 740.

The
effective tax rate was -47.2% and 24.0% for fiscal years 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The effective tax rate for fiscal year 2020
was impacted by the rate differential on NOL carryback available under the CARES Act discussed in the paragraphs above. In addition
the effective tax rates for fiscal years 2020 and 2019 were impacted by such items as non-deductible meals and entertainment
non-taxable gains and losses on life insurance policies and state income taxes.


    
    


NOTE
5 - 

The
Company maintains a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. that extends through March 1
 2022. Under the terms of this line
of credit
 we may borrow up to $7
500 at an interest rate equal to the bank&rsquo;s prime rate or LIBOR plus 1.5%. We borrowed
$2
000 under this line of credit on November 24
 2019 and $2
500 on January 24
 2020 for a combined total of $4
500. We repaid
the balance on this line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. on May 13
 2020 of $4
500 with the proceeds from the fifth borrowing
of $7
200 under the master collateral loan and security agreement with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. described below. The line of credit
contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth
 a minimum quick
ratio
 a minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures less than $7
500. The Company was in compliance with all
covenants as of October 30
 2020. Subsequent to October 30
 2020
 we borrowed $2
000 under the line of credit on December 2
 2020.

On
December 26
 2018
 we entered into a master collateral loan and security agreement with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. (the &ldquo;Original
Wells Fargo Loan Agreement&rdquo;) for up to $15
000 in equipment financing. Pursuant to the Wells Fargo Loan Agreement
 we borrowed
the following amounts.



Type
    and Number (1)
    
Date
    Funds Received 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Payment
                                         

    

Equipment
    Loan No. 01 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
103
    
    
    

Equipment
    Loan No. 02
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
102
    
    
    

Equipment
    Loan No. 03
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
750
    
    
    
54
    
    
    

Equipment
    Loan No. 04
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
100
    
    
    

Equipment
    Loan No. 05
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
200
    
    
    
97
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
33
450
    
    
    
456
    
    
    




    
    
Term:
    7 years for 84 installment payments.




    

 2020

 2019


 N.A. collateralized by equipment for the new Chicago processing facility.
29
122
13
747

    
(4
430
(1
943

    
24
692
11
804


The
Wells Fargo Loan Agreement as amended
 contains various affirmative and negative covenants that limit the use of funds and define
other provisions of the loan. The main financial covenants are listed below:



    
    
Total
    Liabilities divided by Tangible Net Worth not greater than 2.5 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter


    
    
Quick
    Ratio not less than 1.0 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter end
 and

    
    
Fixed
    Charge Coverage Ratio not less than 1.25 to 1.0 as of each fiscal quarter end
 determined on a trailing 4-quarter basis.




maturities of debt in future fiscal years are as follows:



Fiscal
    Years
    
Debt
    Payable
    

    
    
    
4
429
    

    
    
    
4
599
    

    
    
    
4
775
    

    
    
    
4
958
    

    
    
    
5
148
    

    
    
    
5
213
    


The
Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Wells Fargo Loan Agreement as of October 30
 2020.

NOTE
6- 

The
Company leases warehouse and/or office facilities throughout the United States through month-to-month rental agreements. In the
case of month-to-month lease or rental agreements with terms of 12 months or less
 the Company made an accounting policy election
to not recognize lease assets and liabilities and record them on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For further information
regarding our lease accounting policy
 please refer to Note 1 &ndash; Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 Leases.

The
Company leases three long-haul trucks received during fiscal year 2019. The six-year leases for these trucks expire in 2025. Amortization
of equipment under capital lease was $71 in 2020. The Company leased one long-haul truck for $40 received during fiscal
year 2020
 and that lease term is two years.

The
Company performed a detailed analysis and determined that the only indication of a long-term lease was Hogshed Ventures
 LLC.
A right-of-use asset and corresponding liability for warehouse storage space was recorded for $1
091 for Hogshed
Ventures
 LLC for 40th Street as of October 30
 2020. We
lease this space under a non-cancelable operating lease. This lease does not have significant rent escalation holidays
 concessions
leasehold improvement incentives or other build-out clauses. Further this lease does not contain contingent rent provisions. This
lease terminates on June 30
 2023. This lease includes both lease (e.g.
 fixed rent) and non-lease components (e.g.
 real estate
taxes
 insurance
 common-area and other maintenance costs). The non-lease components are deemed to be executory costs and are
included in the minimum lease payments used to determine the present value of the operating lease obligation and related right-of-use
asset.

This
lease does not provide an implicit rate and we estimated our incremental interest rate to be approximately 1.6%. We used our estimated
incremental borrowing rate and other information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of
the lease payments.


    
    


The
following is a schedule by years of future minimum lease payments for transportation leases and right-of-use assets:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
620

    
    

    
    

    
1
524


(a)
Minimum payments exclude contingent rentals based on actual mileage and adjustments of rental payments based on the Consumer Price
Index.
(b)
Amount necessary to reduce net minimum lease payments to present value calculated at the Company&rsquo;s incremental borrowing
rate at the inception of the leases.
(c)
Reflected in Note 2
 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $144 and $289
 respectively and right-of-use
assets of $372 and $719
 respectively.


    
    


NOTE
7 - 

We
have two reportable operating segments
 Frozen Food Products (the processing and distribution of frozen products) and Snack Food
Products (the processing and distribution of meat and other convenience foods).

We
evaluate each segment&rsquo;s performance based on revenues and operating income. Selling
 general and administrative expenses
include corporate accounting
 information systems
 human resource and marketing management at the corporate level. These activities
are allocated to each operating segment based on revenues and/or actual usage.

The
following segment information is for the fiscal years ended October 30
 2020 (52 weeks) and November 1
 2019 (52 weeks):



    

    
    
    
    
    

    
41
241
156
729
    
197
970

    
27
687
110
765
    
138
452

    
13
554
45
964
    
59
518

    
12
566
41
880
    
54
446


 plant and equipment
    
    
    
    

    
    
4
142
    
5
130

    
    
    
    
    

    
11
490
115
657
28
136
155
283

    
    
24
198
    
24
482




    

    
    
    
    
    

    
51
234
137
551
    
188
785

    
33
444
93
677
    
127
121

    
17
790
43
874
    
61
664

    
14
867
37
970
    
52
837


 plant and equipment
    
    
    
    

    
2
927
5
610
    
8
537

    
    
    
    
    

    
12
198
90
221
21
037
123
456

    
    
25
085
    
25
739


The
following information further disaggregates our sales to customers by major distribution channel and customer type for the fiscal
years ended October 30
 2020 and November 1
 2019
 respectively.



    
    
    
    

    
117
386
    
117
386

    
39
343
    
39
343

    
156
729
    
156
729

    
    
    
    

    
9
639
31
602
41
241

    
9
639
31
602
41
241

    
    
    
    

    
166
368
31
602
197
970


(a)
Includes sales to food retailers
 such as grocery retailers
 warehouse club stores
 and internet-based retailers.
(b)
Includes sales to foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such
as schools
 convenience stores
 healthcare facilities and the military.


    
    




    
        
Distribution
        Channel
    
Retail
    (a)
    
    
Foodservice
    (b)
    
    
    
    

Direct
    store delivery
    
    
100
936
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
100
936
    

Direct
    customer warehouse
    
    
36
615
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
615
    

Total
    Snack Food Products
    
    
137
551
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
137
551
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
915
    
    
    
44
319
    
    
    
51
234
    

Total
    Frozen Food Products
    
    
6
915
    
    
    
44
319
    
    
    
51
234
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Net Sales
    
    
144
466
    
    
    
44
319
    
    
    
188
785
    


(a)
Includes sales to food retailers
 such as grocery retailers
 warehouse club stores
 and internet-based retailers.
(b)
Includes sales to foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such
as schools
 convenience stores
 healthcare facilities and the military.

NOTE
8 - 

Not
applicable for a smaller reporting company.


    












     



Exhibit
4.1

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK OF THE REGISTRANT

As
of October 30
 2020
&rdquo;) had one class of securities registered under
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 
 which is listed
on the Nasdaq Global Market.

The
following is a description of the rights of the Company&rsquo;s capital stock and related provisions of (i) the Company&rsquo;s
Restated Articles of Incorporation
&rdquo;)
 (ii) the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated
&rdquo;)
 and (iii) applicable California law. This description is qualified in its entirety by
and should be read in conjunction with
 the Articles
 the Bylaws and applicable California law.

Authorized
Capital Stock

Pursuant
to the Articles
 the Company is authorized to issue two classes of shares designated &ldquo;Preferred&rdquo; and &ldquo;Common.&rdquo;
The total number of shares that the Company has authority to issue is 21
000
000
 consisting of 20
000
000 Common shares
 par
value $1.00 per share
 and 1
000
000 Preferred shares
 without par value.

Common
Stock

Fully
Paid and Nonassessable

All
of the outstanding Common shares are fully paid and non-assessable.

Voting
Rights

The
holders of Common shares are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by such holders; provided
 however
that holders of Common shares may have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors if the candidates&rsquo; names have
been placed in nomination prior to commencement of the voting and a shareholder has given notice prior to commencement of the
voting of the shareholder&rsquo;s intention to cumulate votes.



The
holders of Common shares are entitled to receive such dividends
 if any
 as may be declared from time to time by the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors in its discretion from funds legally available therefor.

Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions

Upon
liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up
 the holders of Common shares are entitled to receive pro rata all assets remaining available
for distribution to holders of such shares.

No
Preemptive or Similar Rights

Common
shares have no preemptive or other subscription rights
 and there are no conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions
with respect to such Common shares.

Preferred
Stock

Designation
of Series of Preferred Stock.

Pursuant
to the Articles
 without further action by the Company&rsquo;s stockholders
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors is authorized
(i) to provide for the issuance of Preferred shares in one or more series; (ii) to fix or alter the dividend rights
 dividend
rate
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions)
 the redemption price
or prices
 and the liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of Preferred shares
 and the number of shares constituting
any such series and the designation thereof
 or any of them&#894; and (iii) to increase or decrease the number of shares of any
series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series
 but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding.

Anti-Takeover
Provisions of the Articles
 Bylaws and California Law

Provisions
of the Articles and Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control of the Company
or change in its management
 including transactions in which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares
or transactions that its shareholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Among other things
 the Articles and
Bylaws:



    
provide
    that
 except for a vacancy caused by the removal of a director as provided in the Bylaws
 a vacancy on the Company&rsquo;s
    Board of Directors may be filled by approval of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 or if the number of directors then
    in office is less than a quorum by (i) the unanimous written consent of the directors then in office
 (ii) the affirmative
    vote of a majority of the directors then in office at a meeting held pursuant to notice or waivers of notice complying with
    Section 307 of the California Corporations Code
 or (iii) a sole remaining director;

    
    

    
provide
    that shareholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of shareholders or to nominate candidates for election as
    directors at a meeting of shareholders must provide notice in writing in a timely manner
 and also specify requirements as
    to the form and content of a shareholder&rsquo;s notice; and

    
    

    
provide
    that
 at a shareholders&rsquo; meeting at which directors are to be elected
 no shareholder shall be entitled to cumulate
    votes unless the candidates&rsquo; names have been placed in nomination prior to commencement of the voting and a shareholder
    has given notice prior to commencement of the voting of the shareholder&rsquo;s intention to cumulate votes.


In
addition
 as a California corporation
 the Company is subject to the provisions of Section 1203 of the California General Corporation
Law
 which requires it to provide a fairness opinion to its shareholders in connection with their consideration of any proposed
&ldquo;interested party&rdquo; reorganization transaction.



The
Company&rsquo;s Common shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol &ldquo;BRID.&rdquo;


    












     



Exhibit
21.1

BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION

SUBSIDIARIES
OF REGISTRANT



Name
    of Subsidiary
    
State
    in which Incorporated

Bridgford
    Marketing Company
    
    

Bridgford
    Meat Company
    
    

Bridgford
    Food Processing Corporation
    
    

Bridgford
    Food Processing of Texas
 L.P.**
    
    

A.S.I.
    Corporation
    
    

Bridgford
    Distributing Company of Delaware (inactive)
    
    

American
    Ham Processors
 Inc.*
    
    

Bert
    Packing Company (inactive)
    
    

Moriarty
    Meat Company
    
    


*
- No shares have been issued.

**
- Limited Partnership.


    












     



Exhibit
31.1

I
William L. Bridgford
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bridgford Foods Corporation;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this annual report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:



    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and


5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.


Dated:
January 15
 2021



    
/s/
    WILLIAM L. BRIDGFORD

    
William
    L. Bridgford
 Chairman of the Board

    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)



    












     



Exhibit
31.2

I
Raymond F. Lancy
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bridgford Foods Corporation;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this annual report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:



    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and


5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.


Dated:
January 15
 2021



    
/s/
    RAYMOND F. LANCY

    
Raymond
                                         F. Lancy
Chief
        Financial Officer
 Executive Vice President

Treasurer
        and Assistant Secretary

    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)



    












     



Exhibit
32.1

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350

As
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I
William L. Bridgford
 Chairman of the Board of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 that:



    
    
the
    Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 30
 2020 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies
    with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.


Dated:
January 15
 2021



    
/s/
    WILLIAM L. BRIDGFORD

    
William
    L. Bridgford

    
Chairman
    of the Board

    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)


This
certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 13(a) and Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.


    












     



Exhibit
32.2

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350

As
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I
Raymond F. Lancy
 Chief Financial Officer
 Executive Vice President
 Treasurer and Assistant Secretary of Bridgford Foods Corporation
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 that:



    
    
the
    Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 30
 2020 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies
    with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.




Dated:
    January 15
 2021




    
/s/
    RAYMOND F. LANCY

    
Raymond
    F. Lancy

    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Executive Vice President

    
Treasurer
    and Assistant Secretary

    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)


This
certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 13(a) and Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.


    












begin 644 logo_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!PD'!@H) D+PH
#QD0#PX.
M#QX6%Q(9) F)2,@(R(H+3DP*HV*R(C
D0R-CL]0$! )C!&2T4^2CD_0#W_
MVP!# 0L+P\-#QT0$!T]*2,I/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]
M/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3W_P  1  M '(# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#V6N9UCQ@+


M_P 31_PGMU_SST7_ 

C
HS4-'






X'3M

M+99\ Y4@'./KQ7
W&CW]K&))K9EC+^7O!#*&_ND@X!^M=8?%NF6WBR'4HFDF
MMVLQ:28B*O'C^(9ZUD6VIV&E^&]4TR&X-U)J#J _E





M#ZBTFISH0=FH6J7V/[LGW)/S(S7F$=J;K4$M;9Q(9I0B


C@%6&


M\?\ \57L/_(:!_T![+_ +]C_A$- _Z ]E_WZ%+E1I_;;[?A_P3Q[_A&M5_

 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 8 - &lt;i&gt;Unaudited Interim Financial&#13;Information:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 - &lt;i&gt;Segment Information:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;We have two reportable operating&#13;segments, Frozen Food Products (the processing and distribution of frozen products) and Snack Food Products (the processing and&#13;distribution of meat and other convenience foods).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;We evaluate each segment&amp;#8217;s&#13;performance based on revenues and operating income. Selling, general and administrative expenses include corporate accounting,&#13;information systems, human resource and marketing management at the corporate level. These activities are allocated to each operating&#13;segment based on revenues and/or actual usage.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;The following segment information&#13;is for the fiscal years ended October 30, 2020 (52 weeks) and November 1, 2019 (52 weeks):&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=17 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Segment Information&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Frozen Food&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Snack Food&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156,729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;197,970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of products sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27,687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;110,765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;138,452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13,554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;45,964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59,518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;SG&amp;#38;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54,446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Gain) on sale of property, plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income before taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11,490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;115,657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28,136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;155,283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions to PP&amp;#38;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24,482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=17 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Segment Information&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Frozen Food&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Snack Food&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;137,551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;188,785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of products sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33,444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;93,677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;127,121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43,874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;61,664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;SG&amp;#38;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37,970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;52,837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income before taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21,037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;123,456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions to PP&amp;#38;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25,739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following information further disaggregates&#13;our sales to customers by major distribution channel and customer type for the fiscal years ended October 30, 2020 and November&#13;1, 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution Channel&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retail (a)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foodservice (b)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Direct store delivery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;117,386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;117,386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Direct customer warehouse&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39,343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39,343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Snack Food Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156,729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156,729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distributors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Frozen Food Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;166,368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;197,970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(a) Includes sales to food retailers, such&#13;as grocery retailers, warehouse club stores, and internet-based retailers.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(b) Includes sales to foodservice distributors,&#13;restaurant operators, hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools, convenience stores, healthcare&#13;facilities and the military.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution Channel&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retail (a)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foodservice (b)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Direct store delivery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100,936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100,936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Direct customer warehouse&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Snack Food Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;137,551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;137,551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distributors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,915&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44,319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Frozen Food Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,915&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44,319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;144,466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44,319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;188,785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(a) Includes sales to food retailers, such&#13;as grocery retailers, warehouse club stores, and internet-based retailers.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates and&#13;assumptions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;The preparation of financial&#13;statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions&#13;that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the&#13;financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could&#13;differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits, self-insured workers&amp;#8217; compensation&#13;and employee healthcare benefits are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at&#13;amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets,&#13;cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies, promotional allowances and the allowance for doubtful accounts and&#13;inventory reserves. Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the&#13;time.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentrations of credit&#13;risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;Our credit risk is diversified&#13;across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been immaterial. The carrying&#13;amount of cash equivalents, accounts and other receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value&#13;due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions, which may at times exceed&#13;the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Management does not believe there is significant credit risk&#13;associated with these financial institutions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;COVID-19 pandemic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Business segments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;The Company recognizes revenue&#13;for the sale of the product at the point in time when our performance obligation has been satisfied and control of the product&#13;has transferred to our customer, which generally occurs upon shipment, pickup or delivery to a customer based on terms of the sale.&#13;Contracts with customers are typically short-term in nature with completion of a single performance obligation. Product is sold&#13;to foodservice, retail, institutional and other distribution channels. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our&#13;own long-haul fleet, common carrier or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs, $4,537 and $5,012&#13;for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying&#13;consolidated financial statements. Shipping and handling that occurs after the customer has obtained control of the product is&#13;recorded as a fulfillment cost rather than an additional assured service. Costs paid to third party brokers to obtain contracts&#13;are recognized as part of selling expenses. Other sundry items in context of the contract are also recognized as selling expense.&#13;Any taxes collected on behalf of the government are excluded from net revenue.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair value measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We classify levels of&#13;inputs to measure the fair value of financial assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1 inputs: Level 1 inputs are quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2 inputs: Level 2 inputs are from other than quoted market prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3 inputs: Level 3 inputs are unobservable and should be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The hierarchy noted above&#13;requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data, if available, when determining fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Leases are recognized&#13;in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2016-02 Leases (ASC 842) which requires a lessee to recognize&#13;assets and liabilities with lease terms of more than 12 months. We lease or rent property for such operations as storing inventory,&#13;packaging or processing product, equipment and parking vehicles. We analyze our agreements to evaluate whether or not a lease exists&#13;by determining what assets exist for which we control usage for a period of time in exchange for consideration. In the event a&#13;lease exists, we classify it as a finance or operating lease and record a right-of-use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;) asset and the corresponding&#13;lease liability at the inception of the lease. In the case of month-to-month lease or rental agreements with terms of 12 months&#13;or less, we made an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets and liabilities and record them on a straight-line&#13;basis over the lease term. The storage units rented for use by our Snack Food Product Segment direct store delivery route system&#13;are not costly to relocate, contain no significant leasehold improvements, no degree of integration over leased assets, orders&#13;can be fulfilled by another route storage unit interchangeably, no specialized assets exist, market price is paid for storage units&#13;and there is no guarantee of debt.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Life insurance policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;Deferred taxes are provided&#13;for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is expected&#13;that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. The determination as to whether or not a deferred&#13;tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment, based at least partially upon a projection of future&#13;taxable income, which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability, customer demand, supply costs, and multiple&#13;other factors, which are inherently difficult to predict.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income&#13;or loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently issued accounting&#13;pronouncements and regulations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (the &amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued ASU 2014-09 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221; to supersede previous revenue&#13;recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents a single five-step model for comprehensive revenue recognition&#13;that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that&#13;reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Two options are&#13;available for implementation of the standard which are either the retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach.&#13;The guidance became effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within&#13;that reporting period, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the modified retrospective transition method beginning&#13;with the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. For&#13;further information please refer to Revenues above. Disaggregated revenue is disclosed in Note 7 - Segment Information.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,&#13;&amp;#8220;Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&amp;#8221; that requires most equity investments to&#13;be measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value to be recognized in net income. The guidance covers presentation&#13;and disclosure requirements of financial liabilities and the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The guidance&#13;is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,&#13;2017. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated&#13;financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,&#13;&amp;#8220;Leases&amp;#8221;, which requires a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities with lease terms of more than 12 months. Both&#13;capital and operating leases are to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 which is our first&#13;quarter of fiscal 2020. We have analyzed all lease transactions during fiscal year 2019 and 2020 to date. The Company elected not&#13;to reassess expired contracts or adjust comparative periods. The Company determined that no change to current accounting treatment&#13;is warranted for most transactions due to the underlying nature of our leases. In the case of month-to-month lease or rental agreements&#13;with terms of 12 months or less, the Company made an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets and liabilities.&#13;The Company performed a detailed analysis and determined that the only indication of a long-term lease was Hogshed Ventures, LLC.&#13;The accounting treatment of this lease for warehouse storage included establishing a right-of-use asset and corresponding liability&#13;was recorded for Hogshed Ventures, LLC for 40th Street in Chicago during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. The application of&#13;this pronouncement resulted in additional disclosures detailing our lease arrangements. The Company adopted this guidance during&#13;the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,&#13;&amp;#8220;Income Taxes &amp;#8211; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#8221;. The guidance involves eight specific&#13;cash flow issues and aims to unify accounting for these transactions. The guidance became effective for annual reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of&#13;fiscal 2019 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07,&#13;&amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Retirement Benefits&amp;#8221;. The guidance separates service cost from other pension cost components&#13;changing the presentation of net periodic benefit cost related to company sponsored defined benefit or other postretirement benefits.&#13;The guidance became effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted.&#13;Additional disclosure reconciling net periodic benefit cost is detailed in Note 3 - Retirement and Other Benefit Plans. The Company&#13;adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial&#13;statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Net pension cost consisted&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of unrecognized loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net pension cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average assumptions for each fiscal&#13;year are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Rate of increase in salary levels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The benefit obligation,&#13;plan assets, and funded status of these plans as of the fiscal years ended are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of plan assets - beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53,892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;49,434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of plan assets - end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54,116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53,892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in benefit obligations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefit obligations - beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68,022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;57,487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Actuarial gain (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefit obligations - end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;72,794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68,022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Funded status of the plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(19,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(14,130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized prior service costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized net actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27,373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23,453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net amount recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The actual and target&#13;allocation for plan assets are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset Class&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Target&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allocation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Target&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allocation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Large Cap Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Mid Cap Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Small Cap Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;International (equities only)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The fair value of our&#13;pension plan assets as of October 30, 2020 and the level under which fair values were determined, using the hierarchy described&#13;in Note 1, is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54,116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54,116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Expected payments for&#13;the pension benefits are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026-2030 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Expected payments for&#13;executive postretirement benefits are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Executive Postretirement Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026-2030 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expected payments for the postretirement benefits&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement Healthcare&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Weighted average assumptions&#13;for the fiscal years ended October 30, 2020 and November 1, 2019 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Medical trend rate next year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Ultimate trend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year ultimate trend rate is achieved&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Net periodic postretirement&#13;healthcare cost (benefit) consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of prior service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net periodic postretirement healthcare cost (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The table below shows&#13;the estimated effect of a 1% increase in healthcare cost trend rate on the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost plus service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated postretirement healthcare obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The table below shows&#13;the estimated effect of a 1% decrease in healthcare cost trend rate on the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost plus service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated postretirement healthcare obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The healthcare obligation and funded status&#13;of this plan as of the fiscal years ended are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in accumulated postretirement healthcare obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Healthcare obligation - beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Healthcare obligation &amp;#8211; end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Funded status of the plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized prior service costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized net actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized amounts recorded in other comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Postretirement healthcare liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The benefit on or provision&#13;for income taxes includes the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9,517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9,382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The total tax (benefit)&#13;provision differs from the expected amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Provision for federal income taxes at the applicable statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase in provision resulting from state income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in federal rate &amp;#8211; NOL carryback&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Research and development tax credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-taxable life insurance gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Deferred income taxes&#13;result from differences in the bases of assets and liabilities for tax and accounting purposes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Receivables allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Returns allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory packaging reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory overhead capitalization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred payroll tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Incentive compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pension and health care benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12,944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6,310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carry-forward and credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance established against state NOL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income tax assets, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;A reconciliation of the&#13;beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions based on tax positions related to the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reductions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Secured equipment notes payable to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. collateralized by equipment for the new Chicago processing facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29,122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13,747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion of notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4,430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total long-term notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24,692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11,804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;The following segment information&#13;is for the fiscal years ended October 30, 2020 (52 weeks) and November 1, 2019 (52 weeks):&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=17 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Segment Information&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Frozen Food&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Snack Food&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156,729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;197,970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of products sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27,687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;110,765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;138,452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13,554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;45,964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59,518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;SG&amp;#38;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54,446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Gain) on sale of property, plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income before taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11,490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;115,657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28,136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;155,283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions to PP&amp;#38;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24,482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=17 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Segment Information&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Frozen Food&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Snack Food&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Products&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;137,551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;188,785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of products sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33,444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;93,677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;127,121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43,874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;61,664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;SG&amp;#38;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37,970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;52,837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income before taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21,037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;123,456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions to PP&amp;#38;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25,739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following information further disaggregates&#13;our sales to customers by major distribution channel and customer type for the fiscal years ended October 30, 2020 and November&#13;1, 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution Channel&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retail (a)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foodservice (b)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Direct store delivery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;117,386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;117,386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Direct customer warehouse&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39,343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39,343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Snack Food Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156,729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156,729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distributors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Frozen Food Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;166,368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;197,970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(a) Includes sales to food retailers, such&#13;as grocery retailers, warehouse club stores, and internet-based retailers.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(b) Includes sales to foodservice distributors,&#13;restaurant operators, hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools, convenience stores, healthcare&#13;facilities and the military.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution Channel&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retail (a)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foodservice (b)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Direct store delivery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100,936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100,936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Direct customer warehouse&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Snack Food Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;137,551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;137,551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distributors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,915&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44,319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Frozen Food Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,915&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44,319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;144,466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44,319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;188,785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(a) Includes sales to food retailers, such&#13;as grocery retailers, warehouse club stores, and internet-based retailers.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(b) Includes sales to foodservice distributors,&#13;restaurant operators, hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools, convenience stores, healthcare&#13;facilities and the military.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 - &lt;i&gt;Retirement and Other Benefit&#13;Plans:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Noncontributory-Trusteed&#13;Defined Benefit Retirement Plans for Sales, Administrative, Supervisory and Certain Other Employees&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We have noncontributory-trusteed&#13;defined benefit retirement plans for sales, administrative, supervisory and certain other employees. In the third quarter of fiscal&#13;year 2006, we froze future benefit accruals under these plans for employees classified within the administrative, sales or supervisory&#13;job classifications or within any non-bargaining class. The benefits under these plans are primarily based on years of service&#13;and compensation levels. The funding policy of the plans requires contributions which are at least equal to the minimum required&#13;contributions needed to avoid a funding deficiency. The measurement date for the plans is our fiscal year end.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Net pension cost consisted&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of unrecognized loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net pension cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Net pension costs and&#13;benefit obligations are determined using assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average assumptions for each fiscal&#13;year are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Rate of increase in salary levels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The benefit obligation,&#13;plan assets, and funded status of these plans as of the fiscal years ended are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of plan assets - beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53,892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;49,434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of plan assets - end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54,116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53,892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in benefit obligations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefit obligations - beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68,022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;57,487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Actuarial gain (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefit obligations - end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;72,794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68,022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Funded status of the plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(19,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(14,130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized prior service costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized net actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27,373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23,453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net amount recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We perform an internal&#13;rate of return analysis when making the discount rate selection. The discount rates were based on FTSE Pension Liability Index&#13;(formerly Citibank) as of October 31, 2020 and November 1, 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Plan assets are primarily&#13;invested in marketable equity securities, corporate and government debt securities and are administered by an investment management&#13;company. The plans&amp;#8217; long-term return on assets is based on the weighted average of the plans&amp;#8217; investment allocation&#13;as of the measurement date and the published historical returns for those types of asset categories, taking into consideration&#13;inflation rate forecasts. No expected employer contribution to the plans in fiscal year 2021 is planned.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;For fiscal year 2020,&#13;our actuary updated mortality tables from the RP-2014 Total Dataset Mortality Table with Scaling to Pri-2012 Total Dataset Mortality&#13;Table with MP-2020 Scaling. The expected rate of return on plan assets remained the same at 7.00% effective for fiscal years 2020&#13;and 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The actual and target&#13;allocation for plan assets are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset Class&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Target&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allocation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Target&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allocation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Large Cap Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Mid Cap Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Small Cap Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;International (equities only)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The fair value of our&#13;pension plan assets as of October 30, 2020 and the level under which fair values were determined, using the hierarchy described&#13;in Note 1, is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54,116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54,116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Expected payments for&#13;the pension benefits are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026-2030 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Executive Retirement Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Effective January 1, 1991,&#13;we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement, selected employees contribute&#13;a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. We contribute an amount to each participant&amp;#8217;s account by computing an&#13;investment return equal to Moody&amp;#8217;s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus 2%. Employees receive vested amounts upon death, termination&#13;or attainment of retirement age. No benefit expense was recorded under this plan for fiscal years 2020 and 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;Retirement benefits otherwise&#13;available to certain key executives under the Primary Benefit Plan have been limited by the effects of the Tax Equity and Fiscal&#13;Responsibility Act of 1982 (&amp;#8220;TEFRA&amp;#8221;) and the Tax Reform Act of 1986 (&amp;#8220;TRA&amp;#8221;). To offset the loss of retirement&#13;benefits associated with TEFRA and TRA, the Company has adopted a non-qualified &amp;#8220;makeup&amp;#8221; benefit plan (the &amp;#8220;Supplemental&#13;Executive Retirement Plan&amp;#8221;). Benefits will be provided under the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan in an amount equal&#13;to 60% of each participant&amp;#8217;s final average earnings minus any pension benefits and primary insurance amounts available to&#13;them under Social Security. However, in all cases the benefits are capped at $120,000 per year for Allan L. Bridgford. Benefits&#13;provided under this plan for William L. Bridgford and Raymond F. Lancy are calculated at 50% of final average earnings, capped&#13;at $200,000 per year, without offsets for other pension or Social Security benefits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Benefits payable related&#13;to these plans and included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements were $6,544 and $6,428 as of October 30, 2020&#13;and November 1, 2019, respectively. In connection with these arrangements we are the beneficiary of life insurance policies on&#13;the lives of certain key employees and retirees. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies, included in non-current&#13;assets, was $13,195 and $12,289 as of October 30, 2020 and November 1, 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Expected payments for&#13;executive postretirement benefits are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Executive Postretirement Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026-2030 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Incentive Compensation Plan for Certain&#13;Key Executives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We provide an incentive&#13;compensation plan for certain key executives, which is based upon our pretax income. The payment of these amounts is generally&#13;deferred over three or five-year periods. The total amount payable related to this arrangement was $6,070 and $7,919 as of October&#13;30, 2020 and November 1, 2019, respectively. Future payments are approximately $3,074, $1,996, $877, $87 and $36 for fiscal years&#13;2021 through 2025, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement Healthcare Benefits for Selected&#13;Executive Employees&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We provide postretirement&#13;health care benefits for selected executive employees. Net periodic postretirement healthcare (benefit) cost is determined using&#13;assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year, except for the total actual benefit payments and the discount rate used to&#13;develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense, which is determined at the end of the fiscal year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Net periodic postretirement&#13;healthcare cost (benefit) consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of prior service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net periodic postretirement healthcare cost (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Weighted average assumptions&#13;for the fiscal years ended October 30, 2020 and November 1, 2019 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Medical trend rate next year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Ultimate trend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year ultimate trend rate is achieved&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The table below shows&#13;the estimated effect of a 1% increase in healthcare cost trend rate on the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost plus service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated postretirement healthcare obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The table below shows&#13;the estimated effect of a 1% decrease in healthcare cost trend rate on the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost plus service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated postretirement healthcare obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 7.5pt; text-align: center; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The healthcare obligation and funded status&#13;of this plan as of the fiscal years ended are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in accumulated postretirement healthcare obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Healthcare obligation - beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Healthcare obligation &amp;#8211; end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Funded status of the plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized prior service costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized net actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrecognized amounts recorded in other comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Postretirement healthcare liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expected payments for the postretirement benefits&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement Healthcare&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025-2029&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;401(K) Plan for Sales, Administrative, Supervisory&#13;and Certain Other Employees&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 - &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The benefit on or provision&#13;for income taxes includes the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9,517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9,382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The total tax (benefit)&#13;provision differs from the expected amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Provision for federal income taxes at the applicable statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase in provision resulting from state income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in federal rate &amp;#8211; NOL carryback&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Research and development tax credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-taxable life insurance gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Deferred income taxes&#13;result from differences in the bases of assets and liabilities for tax and accounting purposes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Receivables allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Returns allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory packaging reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory overhead capitalization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred payroll tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Incentive compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pension and health care benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12,944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6,310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carry-forward and credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance established against state NOL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income tax assets, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Management is required to evaluate whether&#13;a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence&#13;using a &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; standard. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon taxable income in prior&#13;carryback years, estimates of future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and reversals of existing taxable temporary differences.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of October 30, 2020, the Company did not&#13;have any valuation allowance against its federal net deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Management reevaluated the need for a valuation&#13;allowance at the end of fiscal 2020 and 2019 and determined that some of its California net operating loss (&amp;#8220;NOL&amp;#8221;)&#13;may not be utilized. Therefore, a valuation allowance of $77 has been retained for such portion of California NOL.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of October 30, 2020, the Company had NOL&#13;carryforwards of approximately $2,934 for federal and $4,233 for state purposes. The federal loss will be carried forward indefinitely&#13;until it can be utilized against future taxable income. The state loss carryforwards will expire at various dates from 2023 through&#13;2040.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of October 30, 2020, we have provided a&#13;liability of $169 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. None of this liability&#13;will reduce our effective income tax rate if the asset is recognized in future reporting periods. We have not identified any new&#13;unrecognized tax benefits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of November 1, 2019, we have provided a&#13;liability of $90 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. None of this liability&#13;will reduce our effective income tax rate if the asset is recognized in future reporting periods. We have not identified any new&#13;unrecognized tax benefits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;A reconciliation of the&#13;beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52 Weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions based on tax positions related to the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reductions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We recognize any future accrued interest and&#13;penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of October 30, 2020, we had approximately $21 in accrued&#13;interest and penalties which is included as a component of the $169 unrecognized tax benefit noted above.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our federal income tax returns are open to&#13;audit under the statute of limitations for the fiscal years 2017 through 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We are subject to income tax in California&#13;and various other state taxing jurisdictions. Our state income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for&#13;the fiscal years ended 2017 through 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We do not anticipate a significant change to&#13;the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,&#13;and Economic Security Act (&amp;#8220;CARES Act&amp;#8221;) was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act, among other&#13;things, permits NOL carryovers and carrybacks to offset 100% of taxable income for taxable years beginning before January 01, 2021.&#13;In addition, the CARES Act allows NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 01, 2021&#13;to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. The Company&#13;is currently evaluating the impact of various provisions of the CARES Act, but at present, expects that the NOL carryback provision&#13;of the CARES Act would result in a material cash benefit to us. The Company has filed a federal income tax return for tax year&#13;2019 (fiscal year 2020) and carried back a taxable loss of $9,900 to tax years 2014 (fiscal year 2015) and 2015 (fiscal year 2016).&#13;Furthermore, the Company estimates additional taxable loss for tax year 2020 (current fiscal year 2021) which can be carried back&#13;to remaining taxable income of tax year 2015 (fiscal year 2016) and taxable income of tax years 2016 (fiscal year 2017) and 2018&#13;(fiscal year 2019).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 22, 2017, President Trump signed&#13;into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &amp;#8220;Tax Act&amp;#8221;). Among other significant changes, the Tax Act reduced the corporate&#13;federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%. The carryback of NOLs from tax years 2019 and 2020 under the CARES Act to pre- Tax Act&#13;years will generate an income tax benefit due to the differential in income tax rates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under U.S. GAAP, specifically ASC Topic 740,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes,&lt;/i&gt; the tax effects of changes in tax laws must be recognized in the period in which the law is enacted, or March&#13;27, 2020, for the CARES Act. Thus, at the date of enactment, in the second quarter, the Company recorded an income tax benefit&#13;of $1,100 which represented the impact of the carryback of NOL related to tax year 2019 (fiscal year 2020) which could be estimated&#13;with reasonable certainty at that time. The tax benefit on account of the current year NOL carryback is recorded as a component&#13;of the annual effective tax rate per guidance provided in ASC Topic 740.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Subsequent events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;Management has evaluated&#13;events subsequent to October 30, 2020 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements.&#13;The Company maintains a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. that expires on March 1, 2022. Under the terms of this line&#13;of credit, we may borrow up to $7,500 at an interest rate equal to the bank&amp;#8217;s prime rate or LIBOR plus 1.5%. The Company&#13;borrowed an additional $2,000 under the line of credit on December 2, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;Effective November 3,&#13;2020, Allan Bridgford Jr. resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of Bridgford Foods Corporation. The resignation was not&#13;the result of a disagreement with management regarding operations, policies or practices of the Company. Mr. Bridgford will continue&#13;to serve as a consultant to the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;As previously reported,&#13;on March 16, 2020, Bridgford Food Processing Corporation (&amp;#8220;BFPC&amp;#8221;), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered&#13;into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the &amp;#8220;CRG Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with CRG Acquisition, LLC (&amp;#8220;CRG&amp;#8221;), pursuant&#13;to which BFPC agreed to sell to CRG, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the CRG Purchase Agreement, a parcel of&#13;land including an approximate 156,000 square foot four-story industrial food processing building located at 170 N. Green Street&#13;in Chicago, Illinois (the &amp;#8220;Property&amp;#8221;). The purchase price for the Property is $60,000 subject to a due diligence period&#13;and certain closing adjustments and prorations, and is conditioned upon, among other customary closing conditions, CRG receiving&#13;zoning and other governmental approvals necessary for the construction and development of a mixed use project on the Property in&#13;accordance with certain development plans to be approved by the City of Chicago. The cost basis of the Property was immaterial.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;On November 2, 2020, the&#13;Company executed a fourth amendment to the CRG Purchase Agreement. Under the original terms and conditions of the CRG Purchase&#13;Agreement, the closing of the sale of the Property to CRG would occur on the date that is thirty (30) days after CRG&amp;#8217;s receipt&#13;of the necessary zoning approvals, but in any event no earlier than October 31, 2020 and no later than March 31, 2021. The first&#13;amendment dated as of April 10, 2020 extended the inspection period to June 1, 2020. The second amendment dated as of June 1, 2020&#13;extended the inspection period to July 31, 2020, zoning period to February 1, 2021 and closing date to February 5, 2021. The third&#13;amendment dated July 31, 2020 extended the inspection period to October 31, 2020, zoning period to April 30, 2021 and closing date&#13;to May 6, 2021. The fourth amendment dated November 2, 2020 further extended the inspection period to February 1, 2021, the zoning&#13;period to August 2, 2021 and closing date to August 31, 2021. The escrow account has received $1,350 in earnest money through October&#13;30, 2020. We have received a total of $225 which is non-refundable earnest money and thus not part of restricted cash.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Loan Agreement, we borrowed the following amounts.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 - &lt;i&gt;Composition of Certain Financial&#13;Statement Captions:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 - &lt;i&gt;Line of Credit and Borrowing&#13;Agreement:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company maintains a line of credit with&#13;Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. that extends through March 1, 2022. Under the terms of this line of credit, we may borrow up to $7,500 at&#13;an interest rate equal to the bank&amp;#8217;s prime rate or LIBOR plus 1.5%. We borrowed $2,000 under this line of credit on November&#13;24, 2019 and $2,500 on January 24, 2020 for a combined total of $4,500. We repaid the balance on this line of credit with Wells&#13;Fargo Bank, N.A. on May 13, 2020 of $4,500 with the proceeds from the fifth borrowing of $7,200 under the master collateral loan&#13;and security agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. described below. The line of credit contains various covenants, the more significant&#13;of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth, a minimum quick ratio, a minimum net income after tax and total capital&#13;expenditures less than $7,500. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of October 30, 2020. Subsequent to October 30,&#13;2020, we borrowed $2,000 under the line of credit on December 2, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 26, 2018, we entered into a master&#13;collateral loan and security agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the &amp;#8220;Original Wells Fargo Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;) for&#13;up to $15,000 in equipment financing. Pursuant to the Wells Fargo Loan Agreement, we borrowed the following amounts.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Type and Number (1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Date Funds Received &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Rate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payment Amount and Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment Loan No. 01 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12/26/18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;01/31/19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment Loan No. 02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;04/23/19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;102 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;05/31/19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment Loan No. 03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12/23/19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;02/03/20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment Loan No. 04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;03/06/20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;03/13/20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment Loan No. 05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;04/17/20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;97 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;05/15/20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33,450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;456 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term: 7 years for 84 installment payments.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;October 30, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 1, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Secured equipment notes payable to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. collateralized by equipment for the new Chicago processing facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29,122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13,747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion of notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4,430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total long-term notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24,692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11,804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Wells Fargo Loan Agreement as amended,&#13;contains various affirmative and negative covenants that limit the use of funds and define other provisions of the loan. The main&#13;financial covenants are listed below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Liabilities divided by Tangible Net Worth not greater than 2.5 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quick Ratio not less than 1.0 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter end, and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio not less than 1.25 to 1.0 as of each fiscal quarter end, determined on a trailing 4-quarter basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Aggregate contractual&#13;maturities of debt in future fiscal years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Debt Payable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026-2027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Aggregate contractual&#13;maturities of debt in future fiscal years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 30pt&gt;The following is a schedule&#13;by years of future minimum lease payments for transportation leases and right-of-use assets:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Financing &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;504&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Later Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total minimum lease payments(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Amount representing executory costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Amount representing interest(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Present value of future minimum lease payments(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(a) Minimum payments exclude contingent rentals&#13;based on actual mileage and adjustments of rental payments based on the Consumer Price Index.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(b) Amount necessary to reduce net minimum&#13;lease payments to present value calculated at the Company&amp;#8217;s incremental borrowing rate at the inception of the leases.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 6- &lt;i&gt;Contingencies and Commitments:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 30pt&gt;The Company leases warehouse&#13;and/or office facilities throughout the United States through month-to-month rental agreements. In the case of month-to-month lease&#13;or rental agreements with terms of 12 months or less, the Company made an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets&#13;and liabilities and record them on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For further information regarding our lease accounting&#13;policy, please refer to Note 1 &amp;#8211; Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Leases.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 30pt&gt;The Company leases three&#13;long-haul trucks received during fiscal year 2019. The six-year leases for these trucks expire in 2025. Amortization of equipment&#13;under capital lease was $71 in 2020. The Company leased one long-haul truck for $40 received during fiscal year 2020, and that&#13;lease term is two years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 30pt&gt;The Company performed a&#13;detailed analysis and determined that the only indication of a long-term lease was Hogshed Ventures, LLC. A right-of-use asset&#13;and corresponding liability for warehouse storage space was recorded for $1,091 for Hogshed Ventures, LLC for 40th Street as of&#13;October 30, 2020. We lease this space under a non-cancelable operating lease. This lease does not have significant rent escalation&#13;holidays, concessions, leasehold improvement incentives or other build-out clauses. Further this lease does not contain contingent&#13;rent provisions. This lease terminates on June 30, 2023. This lease includes both lease (e.g., fixed rent) and non-lease components&#13;(e.g., real estate taxes, insurance, common-area and other maintenance costs). The non-lease components are deemed to be executory&#13;costs and are included in the minimum lease payments used to determine the present value of the operating lease obligation and&#13;related right-of-use asset.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 30pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 30pt&gt;This lease does not provide&#13;an implicit rate and we estimated our incremental interest rate to be approximately 1.6%. We used our estimated incremental borrowing&#13;rate and other information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of the lease payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 30pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 30pt&gt;The following is a schedule&#13;by years of future minimum lease payments for transportation leases and right-of-use assets:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Financing &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;504&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Later Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total minimum lease payments(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Amount representing executory costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Amount representing interest(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Present value of future minimum lease payments(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(a) Minimum payments exclude contingent rentals&#13;based on actual mileage and adjustments of rental payments based on the Consumer Price Index.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(b) Amount necessary to reduce net minimum&#13;lease payments to present value calculated at the Company&amp;#8217;s incremental borrowing rate at the inception of the leases.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 - &lt;i&gt;The Company and Summary of Significant&#13;Accounting Policies:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Bridgford Foods Corporation&#13;was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego, California and evolved into&#13;a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants, a distributor of frozen food products, a processor and packer of meat, and a manufacturer&#13;and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. We, including our subsidiaries, are primarily&#13;engaged in the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen, refrigerated, and snack food products&#13;throughout the United States.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;The consolidated financial&#13;statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, all of which are wholly owned. All inter-company transactions&#13;have been eliminated.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates and&#13;assumptions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;The preparation of financial&#13;statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions&#13;that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the&#13;financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could&#13;differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits, self-insured workers&amp;#8217; compensation&#13;and employee healthcare benefits are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at&#13;amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets,&#13;cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies, promotional allowances and the allowance for doubtful accounts and&#13;inventory reserves. Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the&#13;time.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;We test long-lived assets&#13;for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an&#13;impairment is indicated, we measure the fair value of assets to determine if and when adjustments are recorded.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Subsequent events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;Management has evaluated&#13;events subsequent to October 30, 2020 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements.&#13;The Company maintains a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. that expires on March 1, 2022. Under the terms of this line&#13;of credit, we may borrow up to $7,500 at an interest rate equal to the bank&amp;#8217;s prime rate or LIBOR plus 1.5%. The Company&#13;borrowed an additional $2,000 under the line of credit on December 2, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;Effective November 3,&#13;2020, Allan Bridgford Jr. resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of Bridgford Foods Corporation. The resignation was not&#13;the result of a disagreement with management regarding operations, policies or practices of the Company. Mr. Bridgford will continue&#13;to serve as a consultant to the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27.35pt&gt;As previously reported,&#13;on March 16, 2020, Bridgford Food Processing Corporation (&amp;#8220;BFPC&amp;#8221;), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered&#13;into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the &amp;#8220;CRG Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with CRG Acquisition, LLC (&amp;#8220;CRG&amp;#8221;), pursuant&#13;to which BFPC agreed to sell to CRG, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the CRG Purchase Agreement, a parcel of&#13;land including an approximate 156,000 square foot four-story industrial food processing building located at 170 N. Green Street&#13;in Chicago, Illinois (the &amp;#8220;Property&amp;#8221;). The purchase price for the Property is $60,000 subject to a due diligence period&#13;and certain closing adjustments and prorations, and is conditioned upon, among other customary closing conditions, CRG receiving&#13;zoning and other governmental approvals necessary for the construction and development of a mixed use project on the Property in&#13;accordance with certain development plans to be approved by the City of Chicago. The cost basis of the Property was immaterial.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;On November 2, 2020, the&#13;Company executed a fourth amendment to the CRG Purchase Agreement. Under the original terms and conditions of the CRG Purchase&#13;Agreement, the closing of the sale of the Property to CRG would occur on the date that is thirty (30) days after CRG&amp;#8217;s receipt&#13;of the necessary zoning approvals, but in any event no earlier than October 31, 2020 and no later than March 31, 2021. The first&#13;amendment dated as of April 10, 2020 extended the inspection period to June 1, 2020. The second amendment dated as of June 1, 2020&#13;extended the inspection period to July 31, 2020, zoning period to February 1, 2021 and closing date to February 5, 2021. The third&#13;amendment dated July 31, 2020 extended the inspection period to October 31, 2020, zoning period to April 30, 2021 and closing date&#13;to May 6, 2021. The fourth amendment dated November 2, 2020 further extended the inspection period to February 1, 2021, the zoning&#13;period to August 2, 2021 and closing date to August 31, 2021. The escrow account has received $1,350 in earnest money through October&#13;30, 2020. We have received a total of $225 which is non-refundable earnest money and thus not part of restricted cash.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;Based on management&amp;#8217;s&#13;review, no other material subsequent events were identified that require adjustment to the financial statements or additional disclosure.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;Accounts receivable are&#13;recorded at net realizable value. The value is presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts and promotional incentives. Our&#13;accounts receivable consists mainly of trade receivables from customer sales. We evaluate the collectability of our accounts receivable&#13;based on several factors. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability&#13;risk. Our provision for doubtful accounts was $16 and $31 as of October 30, 2020 and November 1, 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentrations of credit&#13;risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;Our credit risk is diversified&#13;across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been immaterial. The carrying&#13;amount of cash equivalents, accounts and other receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value&#13;due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions, which may at times exceed&#13;the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Management does not believe there is significant credit risk&#13;associated with these financial institutions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;#174;&#13;comprised 36.9% of revenues in fiscal year 2020 and 19.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&amp;#174; as of October&#13;30, 2020. Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;#174; comprised 35.7% of revenues in fiscal year 2019 and 31.9% of total accounts receivable was due&#13;from Wal-Mart&amp;#174; as of November 1, 2019. Sales to Dollar General&amp;#174; comprised 13.6% of revenues in fiscal year 2020 and 31.1%&#13;of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&amp;#174; as of October 30, 2020. Sales to Dollar General&amp;#174; comprised&#13;11.1% of revenues in fiscal year 2019 and 21.7% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General&amp;#174; as of November 1,&#13;2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;COVID-19 pandemic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We have considered the impact of federal, state&#13;and local government actions related to the global novel coronavirus pandemic (&amp;#8220;COVID-19&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;pandemic&amp;#8221;)&#13;on our consolidated financial statements. The business disruptions associated with the pandemic had a significant negative impact&#13;on our consolidated financial statements for the fifty-two week period ended October 30, 2020. We expect these events to have future&#13;business impact, the extent of which is uncertain and largely subject to whether the severity worsens, or the duration of current&#13;business shutdowns continue. These impacts could include but may not be limited to risks and uncertainty related to shifts in demand&#13;between sales channels, market volatility, constraints in our supply chain, our ability to operate production facilities and worker&#13;availability. These unknowns may subject the Company to future risks related to long-lived asset impairments, increased reserves&#13;for uncollectible accounts, price and availability of ingredients and raw materials used in our products and adjustments to reflect&#13;the market value of our inventory.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Business segments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;The Company and subsidiaries&#13;operate in two business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen foods products, and the processing and distribution&#13;of snack food products. See Note 7 for further information.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;We maintain our accounting&#13;records on a 52-53-week fiscal basis ending on the Friday closest to October 31. As part of the regular accounting cycle, fiscal&#13;years 2020 and 2019 included 52 weeks.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;The Company recognizes revenue&#13;for the sale of the product at the point in time when our performance obligation has been satisfied and control of the product&#13;has transferred to our customer, which generally occurs upon shipment, pickup or delivery to a customer based on terms of the sale.&#13;Contracts with customers are typically short-term in nature with completion of a single performance obligation. Product is sold&#13;to foodservice, retail, institutional and other distribution channels. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our&#13;own long-haul fleet, common carrier or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs, $4,537 and $5,012&#13;for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying&#13;consolidated financial statements. Shipping and handling that occurs after the customer has obtained control of the product is&#13;recorded as a fulfillment cost rather than an additional assured service. Costs paid to third party brokers to obtain contracts&#13;are recognized as part of selling expenses. Other sundry items in context of the contract are also recognized as selling expense.&#13;Any taxes collected on behalf of the government are excluded from net revenue.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We record revenue at the&#13;transaction price which is measured as the amount of consideration we anticipate to receive in exchange for providing product to&#13;our customers. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated or known amounts including&#13;variable consideration for discounts, trade allowances, consumer incentives, coupons, volume-based incentives, cooperative advertising,&#13;product returns and other such programs. Promotional allowances, including customer incentive and trade promotion activities, are&#13;recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers, based primarily on historical utilization and&#13;redemption rates. Estimates are reviewed regularly until incentives or product returns are realized and the result of any such&#13;adjustments are known. Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2020 and 2019 were $11,418 and $11,105, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Advertising and other&#13;promotional expenses are recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2020 and&#13;2019 were $2,246 and $2,574, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We consider all investments&#13;with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include money market funds and treasury&#13;bills. Cash equivalents totaled $4,302 as of October 30, 2020 and $3,478 as of November 1, 2019. All material cash and cash equivalents&#13;as of October 30, 2020 were held at Wells Fargo Bank N.A.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Proceeds from deposits&#13;in escrow of $1,125 as of October 30, 2020 relate to the pending sale of a parcel of land including an approximate 156,000 square&#13;foot four-story industrial food processing building located at 170 N. Green Street in Chicago, Illinois. Refer to Note 1 &amp;#8211;&#13;Subsequent Events for more information.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair value measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We classify levels of&#13;inputs to measure the fair value of financial assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1 inputs: Level 1 inputs are quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2 inputs: Level 2 inputs are from other than quoted market prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3 inputs: Level 3 inputs are unobservable and should be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The hierarchy noted above&#13;requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data, if available, when determining fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;The Company does not have&#13;any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis for the fiscal years ended October 30, 2020&#13;and November 1, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Inventories are valued&#13;at the lower of cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value. Inventories include&#13;the cost of raw materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any&#13;excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value. An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving or obsolete&#13;inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value. Changes in economic conditions, production requirements,&#13;and lower than expected customer demand could result in additional obsolete or slow-moving inventory that cannot be sold or must&#13;be sold at reduced prices and could result in additional reserve provisions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property, plant and&#13;equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Property, plant and equipment&#13;are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the&#13;cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and&#13;accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to income.&#13;Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements, 5 to 10 years for machinery&#13;and equipment, and 3 to 5 years for transportation equipment. We built a processing plant from the ground up and as such have attributed&#13;long useful lives accordingly to these types of assets employed at the new facility in Chicago. The Company incurred interest costs&#13;of $879 for fiscal year 2020, all of which was capitalized in relation to the construction of the new facility in Chicago.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Leases are recognized&#13;in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2016-02 Leases (ASC 842) which requires a lessee to recognize&#13;assets and liabilities with lease terms of more than 12 months. We lease or rent property for such operations as storing inventory,&#13;packaging or processing product, equipment and parking vehicles. We analyze our agreements to evaluate whether or not a lease exists&#13;by determining what assets exist for which we control usage for a period of time in exchange for consideration. In the event a&#13;lease exists, we classify it as a finance or operating lease and record a right-of-use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;) asset and the corresponding&#13;lease liability at the inception of the lease. In the case of month-to-month lease or rental agreements with terms of 12 months&#13;or less, we made an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets and liabilities and record them on a straight-line&#13;basis over the lease term. The storage units rented for use by our Snack Food Product Segment direct store delivery route system&#13;are not costly to relocate, contain no significant leasehold improvements, no degree of integration over leased assets, orders&#13;can be fulfilled by another route storage unit interchangeably, no specialized assets exist, market price is paid for storage units&#13;and there is no guarantee of debt.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Finance lease assets are&#13;recorded within property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company&amp;#8217;s leases of&#13;long-haul trucks used in its Frozen Food Products Segment qualify as finance leases. Finance lease liabilities are recorded as&#13;a separate line item on the consolidated balance sheets reflecting both the current and long-term obligation. The classification&#13;as a finance or operating lease determines whether the recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows are&#13;considered operating or financing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Life insurance policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;We record the cash surrender&#13;value or contract value for life insurance policies as an adjustment of premiums paid in determining the expense or income to be&#13;recognized under the contract for the period. The cash surrender value is included in other non-current assets in the accompanying&#13;Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;Deferred taxes are provided&#13;for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is expected&#13;that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. The determination as to whether or not a deferred&#13;tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment, based at least partially upon a projection of future&#13;taxable income, which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability, customer demand, supply costs, and multiple&#13;other factors, which are inherently difficult to predict.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We provide tax accruals&#13;for federal, state and local exposures relating to audit results, tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The&#13;development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues, potential outcomes and timing. (See Note 4 for further information).&#13;Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain, in management&amp;#8217;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have&#13;been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates, they&#13;could have a material impact on our results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;We measure and recognize&#13;compensation expense for all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, in the financial statements&#13;based on the fair value at the date of the grant. We have not issued, awarded, granted or entered into any stock-based payment&#13;agreements since April 29, 1999, and no such expense was recognized in fiscal years 2020 and 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income&#13;or loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;Comprehensive income or&#13;loss consists of net income and additional minimum pension liability adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently issued accounting&#13;pronouncements and regulations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (the &amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued ASU 2014-09 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221; to supersede previous revenue&#13;recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents a single five-step model for comprehensive revenue recognition&#13;that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that&#13;reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Two options are&#13;available for implementation of the standard which are either the retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach.&#13;The guidance became effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within&#13;that reporting period, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the modified retrospective transition method beginning&#13;with the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. For&#13;further information please refer to Revenues above. Disaggregated revenue is disclosed in Note 7 - Segment Information.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,&#13;&amp;#8220;Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&amp;#8221; that requires most equity investments to&#13;be measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value to be recognized in net income. The guidance covers presentation&#13;and disclosure requirements of financial liabilities and the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The guidance&#13;is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,&#13;2017. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated&#13;financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,&#13;&amp;#8220;Leases&amp;#8221;, which requires a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities with lease terms of more than 12 months. Both&#13;capital and operating leases are to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 which is our first&#13;quarter of fiscal 2020. We have analyzed all lease transactions during fiscal year 2019 and 2020 to date. The Company elected not&#13;to reassess expired contracts or adjust comparative periods. The Company determined that no change to current accounting treatment&#13;is warranted for most transactions due to the underlying nature of our leases. In the case of month-to-month lease or rental agreements&#13;with terms of 12 months or less, the Company made an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets and liabilities.&#13;The Company performed a detailed analysis and determined that the only indication of a long-term lease was Hogshed Ventures, LLC.&#13;The accounting treatment of this lease for warehouse storage included establishing a right-of-use asset and corresponding liability&#13;was recorded for Hogshed Ventures, LLC for 40th Street in Chicago during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. The application of&#13;this pronouncement resulted in additional disclosures detailing our lease arrangements. The Company adopted this guidance during&#13;the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,&#13;&amp;#8220;Income Taxes &amp;#8211; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#8221;. The guidance involves eight specific&#13;cash flow issues and aims to unify accounting for these transactions. The guidance became effective for annual reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of&#13;fiscal 2019 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07,&#13;&amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Retirement Benefits&amp;#8221;. The guidance separates service cost from other pension cost components&#13;changing the presentation of net periodic benefit cost related to company sponsored defined benefit or other postretirement benefits.&#13;The guidance became effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted.&#13;Additional disclosure reconciling net periodic benefit cost is detailed in Note 3 - Retirement and Other Benefit Plans. The Company&#13;adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial&#13;statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.35in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property, plant and&#13;equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 27pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://bridgford.com/role/SegmentInformation-ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentDetails xlink:title=00000052 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Schedule of Segment Reporting Information

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://bridgford.com/role/SegmentInformation-ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentDetails xlink:title=00000052 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CoverAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_AllowanceForPromotions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherPostRetirementPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherPostRetirementPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_ReductionInPromotionalAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_ProceedsFromSaleOfAssetsInEscrow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_TransportationEquipmentFinancedByLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CondensedFinancialStatementsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditAndBorrowingAgreementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditAndBorrowingAgreementTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_CovidNineteenPandemicPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InsurancePremiumsRevenueRecognitionPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfCondensedFinancialStatementsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_ScheduleOfFairValueOfPensionPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_PensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_ExecutivePostRetirementBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_PostRetirementHealthcareBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_NetPeriodicPostRetirementHealthcareCostTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_OnePercentIncreaseInHealthcareCostTrendRateMembeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_OnePercentDecreaseInHealthcareCostTrendRateMembeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditAndBorrowingAgreementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_ProceedsFromEscrowDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentInterestCapitalization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BRID_CRGAcquisitionLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EscrowDeposit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarnestMoneyDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BRID_CRGAcquisitionLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AreaOfLand'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=BRID_WellsFargoBankNAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=BRID_WellsFargoBankNAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=BRID_WellsFargoBankNAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_TransportationEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueOfLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedAdvertisingCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationCashBasedArrangementsLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_EscrowAndCustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationCashbasedArrangementsLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueOfLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_OnePercentDecreaseInHealthcareCostTrendRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfDirectionAndPatternOfChangeForAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=BRID_ExecutiveRetirementPlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_PercentAddedToSeasonedBondRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueOfLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=BRID_NonQualifiedSupplementalExecutiveRetirementPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExcludingShareBasedPaymentsAndPostretirementBenefitsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=BRID_PlanType401KMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRID_AllanLBridgfordMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRID_WilliamLBridgfordAndRaymondFLancyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRID_KeyExecutivesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualRecordedLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRID_KeyExecutivesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRID_KeyExecutivesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRID_KeyExecutivesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRID_KeyExecutivesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRID_KeyExecutivesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementScenarioAxis=BRID_FiscalYearTwoThousandTwentyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DeferredIncentiveCompensationPlanPaymentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DeferredIncentiveCompensationPlanPaymentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfUnrecognizedGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DefinedBenefitPlanBeforeAdoptionOfSFAS158NonRecognitionProvisionsNetPriorServiceCostsCreditsNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DefinedBenefitPlanBeforeAdoptionOfSFAS158RecognitionProvisionsNetGainsLossNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=BRID_LargeCapEquitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=BRID_MidCapEquitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=BRID_SmallCapEquitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=BRID_InternationalEquitiesOnlyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=BRID_FixedIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_PostRetirementHealthcareBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_PostRetirementHealthcareBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearHealthCareCostTrendRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_OnePercentIncreaseInHealthcareCostTrendRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCostPlusServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedPostretirementHealthcareObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=BRID_OnePercentDecreaseInHealthcareCostTrendRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCostPlusServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedPostretirementHealthcareObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPostretirementHealthCoverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_NetOperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilityNotRecognizedAmountOfUnrecognizedDeferredTaxLiabilityUndistributedEarningsOfDomesticSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=BRID_CARESActMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=BRID_FederalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=BRID_StateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseResearchAndDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsReturnsAndAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DeferredTaxAssetsDeferredPayrollTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBonuses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DeferredTaxAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreaseDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BRID_WellsFargoBankNAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCovenantDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DebtCovenantMaximumAllowableCapitalExpenditures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLoanOriginations1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilitydateFundsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilityPaymentDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilitydateFundsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilityPaymentDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilitydateFundsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilityPaymentDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilitydateFundsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilityPaymentDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilitydateFundsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditFacilityPaymentDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DebtInstrumentNumberOfInstallment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DebtInstrumentNumberOfInstallment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DebtInstrumentNumberOfInstallment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DebtInstrumentNumberOfInstallment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=BRID_EquipmentLoanNumberFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DebtInstrumentNumberOfInstallment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LineOfCreditAndBorrowingAgreementScheduleOfLongTermNotesPayableDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_SecuredEquipmentNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_LongTermDebtMaturingInYearsSixAndSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TrucksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=BRID_HogshedVenturesLimitedLiabilityCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseOptionToTerminate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_IncrementalInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_FinanceLeaseLiabilityAmountRepresentingExecutoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=BRID_FrozenFoodProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=BRID_SnackFoodProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AllOtherSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DirectStoreDelivery'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DirectCustomerWarehouse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_TotalSnackFoodProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_Distributors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_TotalFrozenFoodProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DirectStoreDelivery'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DirectCustomerWarehouse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_TotalSnackFoodProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_Distributors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_TotalFrozenFoodProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=BRID_FoodserviceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DirectStoreDelivery'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_DirectCustomerWarehouse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_TotalSnackFoodProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_Distributors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRID_TotalFrozenFoodProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( ,^++U('04UB@0   +$    0    9&]C4')O<',O87!P+GAM
M;$V./0L


STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF



1@M(?
MZHA05]4*')(RBA3
\GK%M8G


M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (
M 





#SYQ/[

EDDYY\CV.U&'H]!T4T1W)$[7FQW]I.:&.Y@MY(LU_=SZ=GH.G.I

M#00_(J%[ YM^


M_4[@@NQ*NW_2/O&MC


S7E%6FSN^R=U-
MZ- 44G[/1:-W7N%YX*Q%PAN8@)(HH+0IK#V=WR3P6]2DB1HDDOX+.5%S[A




M6D/O(%.S211R.$F*LJ-Z6]6%8U
#[CG-U:N@!JFIY]#]02P,$%     @ SXLO4IUK
MK1AX!@   !H  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
BYX;6RM66UOVS@





M;
Z0AXTZ3O;5%^#OUFFR=9HT]NB4T[64O-*(*05^GCLLTJU%VECTIRPRM4(0


M^-=I*FJ(*;2/E$. 'PH^1P57K$VE&3NM#84;J![VL^@1G8)8HA

NA$[W;B5?,WR#/%G
M8%-EQQ^/\(?)L,;',MCS)VH\V6)+G-B^ TYG.YU.!N^9(P/LL\;(!Q+!20*

#H)G%-Z4'YUF5=--24



M KYVGR[*

MZE_N$8TA




)F^'


RYX;6RE5TV/VS80
M_2N$D$




*D2U-



M%NZ4N)$&SYQNF.%G 2AK@
^W4IJGB3UX-A\:B_\!4$L#!!0    ( 
^++U)S
MV!E?LP



M&5=V0GPSBX_9TO$


I6BAL17
V&OE&-;2JIGS/*YS&:0Q!.=_&


CJ/600I%4V1MF8B6ZW]Y
@)#W*$3$2
M8X+'*:..
IJE_%4E _\LC+
;AHL&N8ACCIL0VE(AQ%P3A:W*'%LVA;:&6\







:


M\87 01R-D9:R9NR'GKPM%HZG&4$%N=006'WVL(*JTDB*Q\\.U.GWU(['XT?T


BY+3

M4J!7M(#B%
!5
GHMP:.6VV 2\4









!

F)T
MCYBREFSJ1J=+HZ7 *5&5M1!



,)&KQ)!<Y4,+/7+@._0DS] UG6^@CGO83


+2LJMF\C2P8_+2JZ.*6

ML



^++U*S
-*:Z 8


T1%AJ*4 !(CO^^Y(F)0*$H[[8)+4 SBYV
MS\&25T]2?=
;S@WZL:UJ?3W;&+.[G






MM6ROBCV4-&6=9K:\#KCJL\%CIR,]5BEZ530!Y'897JRVK'GB=KRI46DD1.

MNT:+:JZ@R#AL)]/LKC8(1=.1D?43PF%VGB!T@&Q2%AQ5EVV;F3JA%ZD
OC

D@002'#\EG 
5N!A.'+CQ6%WCJS$P&Y2)A
MY?KZL\=A+W)7J!8+G(V1NU89B2=$G@QR1LYK=P3(FS[C#$\&:2*O29


+^*QQ'BL+N)T
4%F=%!)&E;)

]VB=LS?\ 9
 2+4?R=H;(W?-=Z:5-$9NF\L-9R57U@!^7TMI7F[L OVGRIO_
M %!+ P04     #/BR]2\!J]\ILB   :9   &    'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O






FDF[NV

MLFM_

RQ))H;.=!D^


$PII4T@SRN62G!\SD8AM.YYL


JQ/NJUA%ZXO
;M
9\DJT3:3N--
]!!Y


[_?HB!X

R4-Z917M'9H&WDPS%FH2#?L^A%-!5XMFZ) 44BV*[Q; AI6)6V*8B
M]]W#=*H2DGAUO%^R];SG38N5QGEJ(ND-K']FR2K:CEEAXVAD[N\-/!Z; (RZ

M+D/H





M$\9T$?_M]E95Y(:%#C:?2WSMP,10=9:HA[@Z^O S_PHDYW\^Z'^&QXQ!
@
M?




MM7&DF3!^;8LIAN[$L:\D1S @4B#]\FC?;]A\L#6/6+?L*J#PT\M3
B_Y#QV@


DEF//
3]F/I*C93%B^2,22R*J\O'.<6E/G95/.!Q6'V\FDF&R1&F8V[J3
M^JB$Z7M+$Y4EM$_!1=XN!YXAE<!@%GX?(NGOS@[_9*^V!$U2Z(J5QO!3H_E




M:G8!OBL/

[V-U
M?

MW[JR


0_TGN<N&,KD4X1
M=+GIN2Q 0#'%;\DF0M-6O&

U

0
M

MY_3R_.L




*EIK;YK
MZ[TI
CS-I2A?@6W%4BM@]U S=A]P_LIQ=A.V92NIL*U=?!BVL'V5@1YV.TFN



7.+:M*^106-C)-)#F%]IA4Z1@M:R3L&&D
-Z AF&%;&6#



5*PI


MM.



+9N UA(R?]%
S(BSV\HW2V.F1([ K0]3@.LH'K5=SP[EE31KY/2WT




M=/IT5A_529U!0P!4(;1!K6
SN

M


MF4Z_SI+VMN_O0BIDTS+
2J.DV$ZGWG(3)+DF+&*7.Y+&.W2RMTMB[':0H/-X

M*3G@7W-FBP-YQN2K4VV5=5#DUND.
PR?!(*(7.4\G_K2G:0-V?LTT0[SG9

YK3*LB*SO5 R^AX2(XX8&W*2H&^QT4
ME6(*BU0
2%W\9L-!F^0!R9=24




M0;



]:8]$GG&GHN0X5VG2$U)Z?J?RX(7DTA=$=@D^








M;*!P%&&4\9WVFB\D7


MS&*7A^L%@&W:/HJSY\?Q

MRZ'T&$D0I.^6:WC^P 4GM6ZEA'BDUD!&E*13*@Z9CRM@ML0ZDO'A6)G3EYSX

M:

MI\EE'969]RAWBBZ


5\A87SR)Q#MU8;5'Q;I6!J6A;7#M-*(#</BI7\44^
M=_L90Q7.+;I1'XCJKQSQ29

M +U4 ;IE 8(C$&*Y!/8J.9&L4BJU) (\G

7(*
M4G-QWZR-H3F:6Z=E1/(J.(_9'SH'+2&LY6*U#P;ED+Y\QHBFMA\
EY3+ABUO





MI0W(WUV![K$0IDPH\&H7'[02G%XLP;U5FC'V:%+BJ-%3WHIS7$!FPZU)HG6X




K=5LL^_1

)70(X?&6;
M/ZQ%ND=I ;DCYP$QQ

MKA
U[#\Y
MTR^^UR
')'M2HQBSA65%!'U#Z*VM(NE9Z-[GBA%BMJX7J5*#)18*
P9**EN%
M2MMQ/_2(!K[79






MJT8=^97Q

(3O[M-O04-'V


2:/-XSG'M3_2ZP



MG@SUM_=RFK/MN#JV9(OJW_ -.63:8G&-?F+5G]'S)CB#\0/WY&I++K0X:)
M#6FS$

/67))
M
VW!+^V6-NGR_-3G6%$BY]G+CR&OZ ]K']#D1$^*U!A*_5_2S(:/C* JC[2[




M='


M6)X:?0/&6Z




MNAK61EKD0-SS]!-^+/QYOK'.H



0KX\KOPVJ]^@G


646!'1A)$8@=
8'7(:G5?5

!E)
G


^V.XC='7&*_2;:NL/[(L%#P!GA9'
M\4UQ

9L+2



$%     @ SXLO4B#P
B
F

2
0C  T 2]^MSNF=PHRBM

MFV6F-[+$K5Z=%KE6
N))F^34'PXGIQL9IP=O7O&S*_WF55:529RJ*RV*:K.1

JERMUH\HO^97&W6E#)8HW*BWB+!5:+5\?
MG'DOWXYH/ _X1ZSNB\ZU($D66?:5;CY$KP^&Q)!*5%@2!8F?.W6NDH0(@8UO

M.A+?*JE+O



M9+J

E812=O1A 4Y0N




M:!:E+*M:-ZV3-MKJZ*8@0R7%[



_C

**.C5Y

#8AB=L8G\]2\SWYO^A%U-

7 7C2JI(VXWPWE79.KZ776EPAH!NDX;0!\E



I\3 Q'(T'?G/G7
8/

6P*\&4EPCF/!!WD^;..9?%6AAA/

!O^5KQ]B/-S0B//7+54
O9\/(


_/&:P7
3HN'H%(YR.OY0GSZ]O?P+B

VD!F;FQ8_YG)+88RCD\
Q


6%P_(&NR3C^K_SR@W_PZG
^7L.[54FM+(
1N5N$HJ)%N:KKJ@CJA]4@E
4Z3'1B=]4C70H
M4+JTZ 6#N [))2B&

M

11+0$.=QGOSF2^.:./\X4^W



K[
M[!ZI0KO




*T5 \'7=6.:$]G)^Q61=MKOJU8:F

7INK.YQ/\SJ93_F\X:/

3



:ZZJK.'@TU-/_THR&*0_.=[C$*2]]_=+[SN#.+XO-HM.\H2/9;SA@V

0MP9*R

4R6ZAU_P@'#


M3GU_!WGN^_[LM/.)WT;I%7_(2'U/$#1?^S5/FV\ES\PG@NUP\Z'E)ZD1- J1


M/[LQ;UX5E4MUKFZ




1M7Y_
3T2B



WP([IQT2H23J9C$48#WDWF$]^'E

M0Y&C!A3K8]%HD!C.%B*.I\'U5N8;5M L9DO^_K=Y%(8_B(^?_B56TIB'I5Q]
MI4.=7\YQJ.?!K;)*FM56R#P!=^Y0$THPO&





JV\U[6FFQ3#7**?81R*RK
M






B




M$X(EJ-L3.;D

!QY-;+E5?\)+R1/:#DE.;4[0-T=TYNRW&H5$MS-R0M0W)LB
M57)7H\U3VW

*\;IWL
L)'(^
(*/N=HLV@6C6:'S8
I

M-_C63MDT[OF1M&V:+:DHUFMB\7 \?L$P/^RT:^[@1_Z .I:KKSM^DGE%'?&8

XRO/Q1-/QC/VXQG] 9SJ

-X?*$[K3SU8?V.
B6EX5H?W@S4
M1^);R@!$4M



F'_G#SO=8ID=OSG-:6

O[*MQ^R11T?G&I7



/*:J[1SH6

9305[D
MYXEOH


M970Q

):[58.IX8'QVLQ$)^E^[/U97!:+S14JE&ME;I




MLG0197%(:9S&[^C+-I%G7E_V7N27F\B/_Y/(GQC*-X9R;RC_OT/\OMZ+RYNO

MLIE)$Z0YAY1
/:*09
^P_C?1=N OZI?3F$-0+'4S0RZ*KCHXA4[N0LXATP

M#(I 81$R*(2'&@;X8$;5= A8M LUJR6U.
]P'KAEN+4*X?(G%XK2V].\5[7(





[83/61L[&WE3P'T
2.,.&<9:,D^FK
MPBG%^3C-L$Q9--V#<^:\$KQCF#FK0ZDQB63@I8BIR*!W'&:YRK\IA.1OC


MCZ%#



GDWDP-+1X0I.&
M60U
-!PI^\%OOTQW)]//U$-QKL2

MGN*9NM.HX


MA0S&1MF9NH.3ITLDA
^
6Q07/EY7GCZZZ%%[TT EN1[\#81?.^2
 RHPOS3
MPSX\7Y2-D'V@L&#FXHP;/(QPLPJ09Z9TAA%F*CGC0Q&9Y//NP6#?BIP180?:
MM/O!6;_X3[_XA06O^G+D ROAC@[S=,J#U ^*J1]D?C9%#S(_6!:[/&@P* (
MD]P/=C_AW\3/I&#*__:8#1[/QO?;X+6S^+7;_WCKL=5(9/#4JRV9]/MWUV9V
M\VH][A]KC]O[)R\NS@ONMUK.(1I'DV)$IG]&]@.G5_[I-M


$%     @ SXLO4D3+7Q#T!@  $Q   !D   !X





B(*
MPH7V_E#
;M
[SXW@EG ()P[[224:(X#'A8@N:-PVM'IHJ<




WH=6TP/J;BB9T.Z*JT+I@OL0Z(


G


I:X?!9'BA_AE^
M  :A#BLS.6M

MHND_-\!I6ZRC1W*(K&AR2
WLE@II7P\6@T/@=:USR?M T
5EC (9$ GD@R&3



M$[\QC$ N!68CI3V:CB:\/*+I=





M='


EGXM;87]=7FMX
MFFQ02KD0C9&J(5K










P
M!;J#0;\LHVD6[]$O#('IB.0A35)LC0$(&K#@F7PI38&***19BO(E 4V2:$N^




%[+N#V%8!ZMW@2_@

MQ_5WW[S)_4'!E&V?26FV[^?_U]=_WMNI5
MNYY$

M83[O[HF/YMUM^X
[.@U\E

MYU%-U

ME@17N#)@6RF9V2U1Z.T\&D8'QR.O:O*..
\:5N$3TG.S

M-_-H







M67HX96MLFIILR)I.WJ']*UK4UNER[JRMMN1P+9;=*UJ4R3%05)R7)IMIW)
M\8/CT+:Q-



M_8G
 F\G&8H-0?]GD(IH*O$LTU&B@6Q3;+OB2E8E;8*B?/0FK'&@^22+P:







MLRV\_Z8F1TFK:


MB)Y
U&\PR!6VSWRR==\6.Q]03)(@5L^%WY



MP'AIN),4F 01?8)9'2;
FI?V;WFL[.G[/:M*29





M#UC^_A:

F
D<;H&O.:45R9'LUG(\V2**R_EAN+G[<88!5$$!#YC/6
-/
M?9-D(W3!M=JV:SF'*B2


M-AV9





[MNLU
MA@Z(*8 U6]+3YO.2TB=.D!VNZC!@C53?F)P5ZQ7EH92DI6\]J#E(O2.X*:]-

 7!LERJSSAC!%*8\F */
M

MT&[Z+J]OJ]8CF\S[UC%
:Y6^HH9


*VWVZ)&_2:K28246J
M27

4NP4





M

CKPFRR8N5&C?.(!CNJ





VC6X8X;^GK=9*58MY'.


 DAM6E


?9'(2


M64$\JX
=I$JI.2IJF-ICV['V64&1=C[S
8B



S/#_%6L!&'*FXU$7393=2*E7Y)*U;R


2E5&@B$U+'.







M1
S6153&E]IP'6?D8_L9!VY69!K?*.Z,-SN&'B&@-G*6Z/1$&V2N)[^@\$*
M'QG#1-_1 =EU=/YTU.%6%[@:KZ2#-_T












M2*(%D

M?W418S






7BL[R

M'%D\H
O\3=TD([$;Q9Z



$Z?;M<=!.Q'D;38[0.
_^SA:GD0&$J
M]86I^'#R7UVA&EZHJF?HL/%@;

M]


XV--NVW5\7


MGXO9[PK#: R11#'$?T(8Y()&R5D.B

%T&A*F+_6&^_%-





XV][@


ZRVRXDR@\Z$(GOQAW2=$AV7[ D?PQ








MP^UDF\R@'JS3[;08$;2R&Y_\;N+A+0OHM( &W&.@@/(#=WQQ9O0M&&^-WOP@


M._2]0B
X A9G:87//*9E&OW W8G6T!M=VN!Q5+\#]G-


01


MB1DI(MP1TB'K2F!?:







;3R=
&F7FFU(0IM_2R:CJ


M%IA6\YM^24R2]&V$



M

UG$B3D<K*3?'TZD(5WS-Q3=\ 3?+-)LS20VL^54


]) ]OWE?1K

'R6'Y.']_QTB7Y(5I+-0_/)9]C1&$N9#I
MNAR,&JRCI+BRI](1^PRPR@&6TKN82&GYEDEV=I*ECY!1;Y1&-\I4-1J5BQ)


1TXU


MWF*O-




LR


]' B+#W9GN^+-M
MVB+2&J8LY8HL0F\LL=Z 

M[@FY
N#&9E!+1W_9)/Y+FQ(W683$(5HFTEQ'VYT2I$E6FU6PZ$RW9S98R+NN







MRE7J5JU2?; -BMM=E:U4=(3DXV;!?%F*%?L8M+:




^D#HJ.4'Q;B^=K
VE4.!;QK-<84Q&/I;
MR\=_/B@R^.^0Y-9!B+EW4M6;KQOV3

Q
M4

MMLTIC[G_




!R%#X#=[/'-X%_8IX81Y2-.^;QUH
%C-:6D-5Q*


VU]N5SS;*F^SPI0
M&_?B(V;]M/X&?%Y\^6RZ%Q^0/[ 
<YY1!WR_2%-9-6B^LOXV5]02P
$%     @ SXLO4N@O\0[M!0


MC!E%


-[*-VK-_6^
CK


M








M!PL 7%L]YW0C(CB0:#NM1



+*QWQ%3:?!5
M8H=T^@A%_!^)J79/)#[L/RXF]02P
$%     @ SXLO4C%]*4@=!   D D




OZD

M#H]F;6%1\

\3(X&_XU(W

M

0P#=(6.&J9TER$26J(!HG!/0O-


MV/Q_4$L#!!0    ( 











%&


A
:;V3]:U6:


M((@-O&T[@BU21Q_%K$9]?#XU9

&4



MY%EO@R91QO?P%^3?@+^8^ NMW2!


:'2+[6N

L


.25JV

Q_[K9H?Q+J
W9N[4;'
J_


MVO


N



M!N1=[Q5]SXF[((J


MIO[X#0^&?U8D&]N3?0Y5%WG.7K8)G4.9JXID%_9DMWS510[6R?#Q-EE%EDM[
ME@L:0A9W#])^EAX



<*VM)#8C6SF(P4'K&/MX^ QCU5O8:I!


#[-*O(
#*+[GN
_P'K[D^8-A-=YAB7?8-.@AI9%$
M


YU:\9D6_H43DHIGKFGYCO6#A JV)












TCD= = A2B^E18WBB_SCX%3KA1/\LL%)1$5
M^@7X?
$%     @ SXLO4C3=\6/J!@  4QX  !D




3Z/@Q3#K;/]


M
3=
\:6HOU6E7E_
LADJ^2W;U/JSN/N##PM*S'R%J%7_+[H;;*
9*C9*BV88
M# J:JMW]S^X'1QP






M[T^R]R?IYZ

&MI=I
M3

[2:*+-892D



M&KZ2#[U0_F-3=4:F2V5N/3_+%EDR46E;I5&*/?N+HY$B45 GL*'24
1J#D@M

8:IC;\;39'%9



G2L)7;'4


ERC]X1=#A
ND]ZS:53E\TK:^=#)L=Z1I[A



?CV

SHA))A(LC;61#'D2U:Q%.1
MME5
4L]YB8S (V'@'9U$D+BIJY5?J TX'%LZ;2
O6T8


!E_HXI3Q\$N2Q?3


BG%V'JN([
[1BP
MK6CJ#=^1:33



!5_LT@[[C3MUQ4.H]03
MY_'(QCC




3Z@D9\==9R6YL'=VP1*OV@


CHA'UE79!X-^23FD4
M:4\0QX_2::N:4QMN7V^\O\N3AV1F1-(IC[ZQ0(5GK6$+!71.LDC=\=5[6B;4

M)UI$EJ=U2129C 5?(:%'@S=]D6.36T

4FA9&J()XNWBHH8

MS;*B6=K1.,TXFLJZJ*W3O$;AKLE60XZ-5G-ZRR&UJSNTDHNBV8 %W28D&@
M#PEZ3TFD0I\(BJ;01.B+KAFZT^OHGVL:SZCXU]*GHVKVD;TA0I(LJ-1\'IH)


MU



-H*![8+QC441(_$N-37W76LJ?Q=&WT]EC_#KRPT1]L9_R7

MU]%U- * [0( K$)!MH+=NN@=.'RDY;VS8BJ$0@5LR0)H.:@D]:%']4Z3D1F+
MF%K7@M;=HY&^

2.E7OV=WGQ-M(!+9+
MQ


/E-[#6O)
PSLV1FX

9;/@WW\8[7\VUD/3W9*E![#U#


M6D
C2%O$AJ4].TM?DX??AF/7
'37SM#/A..!67K-.':V#F=B*A;YF96$(+)$


M$

N2ZI@)K(?+-'I



M.CU^!LTDX+%H0GEGG0*DDR!PXII,L\H5^0S66#O)&4&1*S((W;6O#[%F5:
M7-ZIBQ35VCXLK@EEQ=7Y((P3KZEHE3H5 U=C:0FGAO75-.**CA!Y0?D07=
M*G+'$T@^.G QQ2;/8)?G-#CK\2G6'1)ZGTC@!5X+T.R\_%%L.L3SC=R_/H
3



+K

ML/T&MG\6=I(+J=D[M9




P%/TK5Y$F@01-FK0=



MNN&?U:X'4=_!^^\[TDG:W4T\7_+WW6WVU







MB''T(



MR/=\SP)T

V:*O3[U4)I?O]CY$)PG:

M*$A2?^INNZLVE K3

MR#6%%-:GV? P?SR_OTEM4D$Z.4'G'^C\MW-=

H



;F!Q




M$B1A


U



M[%



\&6JS3P^A<:'.T32]70.0=H)YOA!
MOP_L^3;_?\;X/U!+ P04     #/BR]2;08R<Y8  _!P  &0   'AL+W=O




=EKX][.=D+5:6W7PTO@Z]YQ[SXE[/5IQ\2)S1 6O!2OE
MV
JJF0D=NQY+2 DM)

$V48B'XL\1H9
T2Z
MC=\MI].5-


MAPE1)!X)O@)ALC6;65@S+5K+IZ7Y[#

MB1E5

:2CZ

F_6=%Y%$9=UH:*L%


??MYA







/YU
MGD&/=

US4TZ#SP'D6+M,$]R_QV[?;.;RV%]D_8

M5B#( KZ^-K:@F
.O3F9!GLR8-']IDZIX7*.AG&AKZS\L.CLX,\#5BM4?^$
N\2VEKT
M!:%]0:BW'7]@:]U&0\&TJHE7N9.^RVA,DS3<#;BGA6=8]$A5JN*CUE)0H99


3RZJJ[K/3UX?:22RLCMPDUDUG:2=
M&-GXV[N2QO8/RQM\T7E-MCU0DISF+B&T+?S[#]02P
$%     @ SXLO4FJ(


M%(;_BA5Q =(@J?/1@=)(*VS:+A 5'=O%M LW.6DLG#BS'0K_?L=.R+HMJ+UI


^WE;$+
M?I:V; MK
 _M2N'


G/WMXF//QL;1L7'4V49OV*+;;J9



O

RYX;6R]5LMNVS 0_)6%D$

9U


:.[^P7GO@ZUF;!G8QRML8%ZD_Y7-+
K5@BGF*FN
A XFKL
MW/HW

M0)IH8C




M@4M9J%(1[%
9EW5)*!B-W6U?<$.-UJIA7LKJ5K&ZKK(=,HT0Z
MU%.ZGB_MB?ELW<@K&H,^PW*^M5RGJMRDQQYOOBS$E=K3;CE]H,;47N[3)

MR




MM
&2K*2\M9TOZ3B(;$ H




@V?



MRA

7S9H];P[/ZAA!EZ?&T$\MPB/-$T

89_ECUC&-8




_-I@
I.


$%
M  @ SXLO4N.@HKKU @  
.FDT(?SL!$B%;EH?NJ*R;@_3'DQR(=8<F]D.=/_]
MSDY(&04T:=L+L9W[OOONSKECM%7ZN\D1+3P50IIQD%N[?AN&)LFQ8.92K5'2
MFTSI@EG:ZE5HUAI9ZD&%.


M6);


M
JJ 6]U+;




O*0\I:F= [S.E[&[C'#3_$B:_ %!+ P04


M-BYX;6RUF%%SFS@0Q[^*ANE#.W







*-?K^'? /BCX$FA\_4!?]?;:Z*?)Y_$(6M&MF



CT]\&(4B7FNZY2:

!**-D0S.JGJV\N/M^


M+W-H965T

MPV!665BZ.XZ=?]]9(


MNNS$G$$IJ_8M=MTY[ GT0%!V G)N\6U&1Y(T@DL=%;

M0#&#A7AQ
@O\9\!6S)O5IV!A=,;)&5/6

M^[G6]#IQC=M?N\E?4$L#!!0    ( 





&%$G_RQ&:7G?
.))BR4MA[




M^13_]I


&^O'K9QN
$6M


M?3?6Y6'U5M9
CJR)PM-
IPW3:2O3VQT=[5+*\98Q^?]-B=J.?8
QYBO4$$6^
\
MX#EWL%;UXSLDE.3



MG T/NN&Q5!2


&NZ$N:(5:7-U_6OH(__7%Y]K?;;![LV+X2U/$R9DP/(K8
M;!:\\@4+HQV5Z'_(J1ID_^

M?=%L.'K%OMVX%+;/2TL_O[W%NMW($;;/'/_)NN.!8A0-#XM]L'?YR5&O_9V0
MT-TL5UTEFMWFWGGE;UL'^]?N/NHO53N8ZC+[A6GZ9!@0F!)DT)\2)5W=#ZN%
M586_8JV4I0N;?\SH3HW:=#[5G[LG '-+?T^;]02P
$%     @ SXLO4F8]


M$

MV








7:(;

M6^&PWXT^J-$'1]%GL 0-GQXM^: 5=^#%S8JWC7 8'JAX5--%'Z0[6/*H%39N



M$ V\%KG0
R\SIKSQ?1UG6#!]+4L4]65JF&MFKMZU(A2YQ2D?M1$ S]@G'A


;]1J?5O%PO;?^Q9$G

MOV--:&#MQ3+7[A=VM6S@0;S11A:U


M
'O^ FGUMF+Q


MZ4?MF

K=N@A^=W]DWCAO4[V:J!](WIM:4')!C2B:#ZQ%!



M5.V:F%!60KR:FX?US'(


M& W+S
^XU!+?

M))$B)0N6H QD



M/F#3.YE]P'4R$=:\1DX#KWBADXWVJA&PVB/61[R+201Y+3^)5N6+;!/J1



7
3B



N^3TL2N-@9[C/(?L&MWEB2H*[_'I





BYX;6RE5DU3VS 0_2L['@XP4V+'(8$P
M268(M%


R%-

@L[8X#4.39)@STU(%2EJ9*ITS2U

L5T'2 D


%-(I29:X0?9Q-C-5WOGPU;'-5;'/DMCG9L
59FG)WQXS_(E.@VV8I
M*84RE5FC8)86K *;(7T76J.T.U4T[N;JXJDI6(+#@ J?0;W 8 3;KL/[<=;2
MT:O3T7ME.JA*;V2SJ[0G

F_K@6?]PH_H;J3_+_ZDOP

W-;B75&/R&(WD_SIJZ?JVN_]HB
M@C)M*A_]E[6AMYG^ESXK):;D%Z[TLQSUS+=Y XF:2UM6^]I:OR3.? /=L(_I
MA5$^/[E



11HBX;H=;+BW9;^2'&3+7$$A-Z

M&4\:@W[V[%X.^B+5$4_P7H)*XYC)S1 CL;YLV(W=@RE?A-H\: _Z2[; !]3?

5?'-?J8 SF*#
AGLWD:W#9L PC


WR![P\C^/3Q

MG


QGY
G=X85
(ET1/)T #/3
M+[@46CC:\YF/.*:HX* KWA@%FS@D24+/HL0[JAU/0FI0TB$!@J#B1'HD+D
MM#S0 NR6!4P#


ML?A=R8Z8BJQK^


*2$
M0VD6T/NY$'HW
??EXAMO\!]02P
$%     @ SXLO4J+W5B8V!   @!
  !D


M
4%Y%I P' 4Y2PMO/C/7;N5\)@XJ2PM^*U%YR'

M%X+Y;


M:5'_L^_-1)P$$.P(($T 

MB
^


PN+J

=/!X0//4XH_^'


Y




Y.





O0-!
 ^A
H] 


CN5OM ]UN!





M3J_=T@JWQ^_9KUWM5

E77%#!OVE5R!

*%KEI#/#&YJ#7

K-(P+?4SQC[






M\%W WAR





M6FD#5#OW*Z\5TL7@AENZB4';!%K?*(7O@;T=^KL]^PM02P
$%     @ SXLO

M1E&

/9U@*A]FG:#S
MO''#UXFQ&]Y\FK
UWJ+YFE\K6GDU2LPS%)I+ 0I7L\ZGX/@T&%L!]\4WC@]Z

_IGYSPY
MLV0:%S+]SF.3S#I''8AQQ8K4W
B'


M &6_)C3[QP7329/[7-B\WQI%;SG)F?EL/%&D7$40
3
2QDEG%#J34:/IRB


6#




M%-@8%+9C6V!B#




M7



V@<1!L0+M9B3MAB'8!UHZVUPI4B.I./GW.Y*R
M[

RF(@M4TN(FOY_'0 MR*/QAL


MQ2RIAKGD?[+;*;!54 *6-&:FWNY_14:09FUETNNW2_9-FNC@.2U-K)LP.A!
MR83_I\]-('X&D#2 Y T@3M\!I T@=4*]9T[6'35T-E%R2Y1=C=;L@XN-0Z,:
M)NPV/AB%LPQQ9C:7PCQ!I$ST(2*@LQE63*#.V4TN2 /F#=%S8'(%?E4FUH!

'UG0%[_VPQT8RKC^2






:@L
R





4-*]NI7LC518VAIEJ#

9SF2=


MBH5ZT4IM^ QM*H+4)JHV:=VB9MTNIETX8()58S/;).V_W[&AC#8?VG8#_CCO


MJ&)NX'FQ6V'*G32Q:PN9)J+1C'*RD$@U587ERRUA8CMU?.=UX8&N2VT6W#2I


V
<,($@6Z:W0C;JGG%9-A3X1L \M\$L;

M8U5KW=#
.549$\I8]N-FI;2$5_;GD5/#_M30GAH=.A775&.&F/5?K!A=8_-)
MG
/[(HWQ^WQM4XYM2O-E;U(_BA)W



/+8#]W/$
RS7EAY- 2IO= ERV?:\=J)%;=O&2FAH
M0G98PF^2!

MC*NDR








:%IK/W5PDQL:6C@;H/;51J=$T9




V6A5]D5%U+? $W+\_5B1XF;M4;LI$NY<G
R8J^L%^^5N[]$:J'K^VX[
MPPUKY<]7JDSM9#54D7L^[IH]+)VJ8\M7:_I<$CM&$@#M_*D5YYXE7^H%[QB


A@O:%49CDH[H





M-

'.S#8(- /3*FUDP[

A?;[


CL7D


M2UDQ]JQO[J))S]6







V_0[T


V=IN1
M


#S59;#S?3]HRREUJ87V6JM72Q#^

[SA



6QE<RYX;6S5


T%B
EK=XPN*\!-.HY$VV*:ZV;SU'4YC5PTI[+!H2)E%)Q


:V*..@I[
MR))2BG$K%]@#)C?A@-:$I?B:
+I2U*XJ:=LX^&Y!7+)I$+:U-(B2W2/OIP



MOW9F-\+Y]JS G8*2]L[ORR'_(?;X
#MI&K;YPF@E./B]OSAAEI#M.E1+11]-


BE8=

\VK=0T(Y_&F;=V4*$6:/]
MW6XO7KB$XV
F^P-02P



.\
W2?S+W

BM'I;Z/EQ


M=FVK_'


M:*%E3BU4(@N5 UIHF5


M\TY7CF(BTEF^'5+\V;$EE(






Y?&+S\1]02P
$%


MJAOV;3DOAW7HV^5[NTY!I]-9&'[.:![G/V=.7D]]^LO$;K7:+M-3M_S8IT/Y


D49IP1)(ZP)

M+$*P#XSY?$&U]JFQU
21F7&U#O'1S9G5^5+/B8G!8
ARTP1J0C^T-9+)Z(EF


M-W%PDXFM

MU7%)ZJTC7?@%4:BK=%?TYGQRB#M



54CH(J1U&5H[#*45SE
M*+!R%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HL@H4606*K )%5HDBJT215:+(*E%D



              ( !S $  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     #/BR]2VH+5\@$   Y#P  &               @($-






4     #/BR]2LS#2FN@&  V'   &
M            @(&
&UL4$L! A0#



M


&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ SXLO4E=;M2(D @  Y@0  !D              (!QH$  'AL+W=O



M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 





^++U)@B1K:\P8

C
N


M:&5E=#(U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
^++U($?6C?YP(  +X'   9






M
YX;6Q02P$% 
4     #/BR]2,#-B454  #:!0  &0

Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
^+

M+W-H965T




T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
^++U+CH**Z]0(  #$(




M=#
W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 




M='


M Q0    ( 



&UL4$L! A0#%     @ SXLO4F'CS.3C @  R@H  !D
M     (!UR(! 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



&UL4$L!

M  !)#0  &0              @(%H

M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 



4     #/
MBR]2EXJ[',     3 @  P              @ &&1P$ 7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-0
M2P$% ,4     #/BR]28=J%P!X$  #F(P  #P              @ %O2 $


end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-21-001208-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( 
^++U)(0O4M3/$  'AM#  1    8G)I9TR,#(P,3 S,YX
M;6SLO6MSX\BQ(/I](_8_8/O8)WHB*#4!OGML;[#5K;&NU2T=23-S?;\X(*)(




G!XS:9[P1Y^ &^#1[4':NOR*-]^+$G

RS2]
M539

M^$*6+[I*L&;X*#%=W=V$GX:?ZQI^
]=!6E+(2&)7 E)=W?SCW=^HW)#[\FCT

MUA(I0*!.(LD3NA%R:XD4(% /D:YM:Q6NH;@6E0QR]R(Z[BTA&!#%=M'4B$@6

MQO2AKX


?NO/N;\%C6WC_Y4/F

M\$;X(9 ##\15=9-H7U3;U
V%\R;X('@L&_DWQ@'3V


MFP












OHD






M
9L.;XL7Z'U3)E6VH+Y]0MR9QIET N1GB@
'
=E\(/S'9OJ/I^ %



$]1.


MJD3!4%1&^88X)
D8NT@@2J%X= L7*04WG;O X:IEOS%%+7MN:IQ4#+6Q7%CP

7TV3MI
1VG2


M7(P9
$TSC0;!AD+S)E


M!O!G=%&.X- 

]T
M#G&P?PNW[A=IT[BPO/37ANY\_FPOD3SM_Y

?I[\*WBG/.]$





M7/!])L_NO;K!IMCS8%)$Z :TA^VE!-\6IN=:]Y.]T7^W%LZ2:+\!S)Y-G%M]


S?:4:SE_?

 79



-?Y)5#LO+A=Q1':]


8?F(P&@Z- 5QDS@BR7.2&.C.@88[&0WYWG




M-N1ZR?W)M6C5$//9?O*P/

M+8[N=S'399R3.%:L!LAL07(
(L5$DHW?1;WK%0.*'[Y4U0141#AC6Z'QZV
M2'%8^(E3&2R%14QN@#(

[A1
JU
R!J]4G.!-F:.?.D_L=#MT-NV5Z671*DS
M5W\AGU57S8H?Y5@U^VT9*F9)#*.TT(^_92LBX3C$+2Y39*77'Z0"O2-W.MP
MQML& V7<JV*=@\W !\Y-?]*M$HQ=':D'H!@,!Z-*P#C0&+G_!(_E7JF]YV[0
M/L#<BIA4A*


<';ZII.GH'




C$S8'APN:I@Y*-?O]=5RL.XLZH!






C!X
AW*:L98'))I/)#4

HKXR^FVK(EXZS



GK%)O217^OUQ*LS%#4U
MH.?7)X-1FF$*@[XC\(#ZR*DA9(-9[E0LFQ^:F$O8!\-AJ.:8;_635!BU=
=
MA%\J

M=!T/-''172EMY'$_Q7M92Q4%)S\_C;8;


M\TF_PFZ3W#@TCX+Y-6Q_.&D26D)/KP=RXO2F;*B7#)6TG'%Q!H%0,COFT%


!6]R?9!*K_.!D3Y?%=1#*@
E
MY3[L7J04.+Q1KW2'.#\XV





* YW9OZY;]2.P7?4:N+
=E=ZQ.



B2G5W6YZ6

M._\ME=A4P]XXF38XL&@%





3/EN&H=J_$)/8@!HO[_6&IT?KT%85
MPJPGRZ=GPAHVK EHU;)ABEQ0:CR747;WVGLO)JP]R#57YE<(S\$N4.Q@VZJ





;D-.SB7.KKW0W


M:H CI=N<NHFSZ


M3;CLN 2F]&#IM'F^;Y72








0O!4]
JG5^MI:7F.:FI/K_#P)FQ#


IW?K


5G!

MCFS=




Y

MNU74H T'_8RK9')#61NN5=;;#?M9UW46QI5:V;$AR/ 5P!77MPB9/UJ)\4?.

3/W$FP/;X
M\#M!)
MUEQ2)?G/2 P6)-)-:1G^$L  A\/%WTHV_'B?U 9[H?)G,C&?-H$29J:IE24
M6C__G7FCK5H.OM7K)EOH4,*;GC9KTN_*_^;V[M5M'DA/9YR'D12HU0J!A
MV(6^U0RK.AAIC*U8&KS\D^&VBS!J!*_FZ.$Q4:DYWG
H#%KWKO@O^U?J91F8

K

BH3CD6V(Z*KW1


M9V&CXN+@*?,]2JD6__+[,]1 'U ;CR4V+VJE_,N-B-V8[



P-:!&.9RU.JW -&BQ.2SH)1T L.9$^^(+-:Z.]7D^OQ'@A



HFR8SW




ML

MWO]7%ZLDR5


W][6A+)


42_M'O



R^R_.4!(R_&EX9
MN.[


LHXPI_?P@5 Y_

#B\-?)X]?*/(DZ7!S
D6MS-L=U W3GIQGGE +*= 7DA15?(G(&/

Q=0=*-B95@'AT_/



MQ'ZA
20:.P(0PG3#M65_MKQG=^X9\!T=YEDX1IIMV%0'V$E0Y[SHH!6HL_N?


9\)TX;%LD




57KHP9%$'T*^P$]26(_[
2=\
M+]3'QC&_=&LAC@4$6/NP+C6HAD?C%4'9*!S/H?3[5!0AF;:]U4S9F.A=QS

M6O5[+ /.M(C


/H(_[H@QZ\\
-S

![E]3UVM!G-$8


).'


MN








BM


MC^IY;
JX

YDR[-9%P=*XQF\


US2# 7]#
MU6?=!GT
3V#:52
&:&9[DY
@;6@ 4\HU@
FC3F_




\@PS*DK4#.E\]E6T[]6?



$IAF*LSW=!=G;UL.AXA1^H]@E+AD7Q\$F+A[=N
EBG2<Z!NOJOM<\DR44<HZ@B;

L!S/)D] F4^&-?O^M__]O_ P


9TO-6:3NRF=


M_
WD]DGQK4- W*7J2NI\CDEZ9'B;
C
NN






3+ON2$(ZT1



M.@!^KU

MEQUA0AM?0%
82
N6*XON
3. 'P3*U#NNHM_-5RB)"GA)Q1T,,]$?(E
MQ3D4T8H8F$K*]A3X*CSW7B^XTSVW* [:5GVU+!@$;=2^D;7C*'+H@UL)6




4%.H/Y CJ2K-6#I;GUQ*7.!2:'J#R]$^D*DNHN#V




E*
MGS&;(PRS-MVBN/OMYO

7WDT*$4+6B@
6?%


M;5*6!O-ORP/X X/0@I]3CX]FJ


M+%KL8$Q3E0;*Q:!W06T(W[UX5AV=WO2*_.JGN*YML$E D1F6@RD;D

M2E.TRFS7#WU@U
?J

[)430(*(LQA)P/I^&C\6GL6
Y6:-.0PT



XYD:
M[_XD:N@V@N%5(!C6,V;P:/QDJ]/O5:=D*GZ)VI/V@)(?6FV'E^)DO5F =O





/XD5]'%T2=8%WJCQ1**(H^I*J1GO1R2L-SU!3&UZ*AG:\
M,$.RPGA*1%([*-OS;1F_V-(S6!6(N8D5KZ?*E@;[2*^SWN!;&*4VJ_SX!C!
M6_\DRYV^/&;J$OZ6NP..@H9\5G[:1YA&G$?52).=@IA8BRJF(OA#727\X&RB


M@3*EP.3^G4L-#Z*9JA-B 3NDKND&L7 ^BS/M+D!Z
\]4F8E('?DTT0L9][

KD/4.FM&&TPA^5:^K[*N
^U.OTQ^-=Z6PI:EAA&D'!GPF

M7Y!57_MAW2!(IJ+W.R/483=8V)@1*,''BN#P[M[N]VNY/S'_OM+ N.
S@S




MF8.VE4)1=?LWS$=^99XDBMCFYPRS3NAUU-&PBG!YPX'HE#HU5&#K^0;4(=AF
*^RU<:[UO.I2_F-)?_^!N

P'F316&!1C




Y=%-?P8[3O?#8Z(?$?@8;8=)]I$]$7_J2 B2^VJ'M


5E7
64[_/4NOQB()#AJL.

MF7R446-)MJBH&(PJS/NRT*A)ZR-8E;:MNT32:);59
%
[-)SZ#$'$6L9A!:9
M1O^
U&:FI*6Z
J

M$ZLFC[5^O ;V*6M&P !@D*IE-?=^-;^?D]0312 A*0'1.-X1H-3TF*FF7_R/



Z4X4*@/?


M@(4Y



BQ:ZFA:B49#N@2-9Z^0M45#&8S<381DI^U9[GPM]^%AR@:


MSU1

MF#=$E50X[H\. V1O!8

M-:FQ&D[?#$8/

TV
:
0G8F@Q
?ZM38/(G0B0O@9( $L$J1
MD1I[+6U-BV93).=Q1+;POSUMP7KP6
V^RFQHE_8(L8@;[=53D6K_]ET.K.J(











;=^$DYYWH;#P&&PJ :\=#V$X8[XZ<3.H]4S<4HV<

%$!#SU0JLA[!Y/KKWA-KQ.$-F%0]:TRDU/F/%


GN]VF^ [)7E

M0(

E(;2IJ]JK^?)/P


!3V=VL!QTF3?@/\/7J'[NWM501%

AR


MM0E?IM6F7Z#P1)-0L7D3TE72Y(


MRP#@*XOJOA]^4XD3W@#EWT[&LCI@86)M$XT!/5EK8-U1OQMDQ+$-@D*A_@@S

MB')M.Y6QVI:TVD:7#IT6VOUEL.LRJ7W/;GP
L[\ E[8%NQTZJ6:F+=@86Y

MU;/ENM:JBD$V/E(7[(T X.4@FU39;P' @4SF7]\I(4U\Y((7/AO8G$9?*]&S
ME.2F&2W1X1^@%63JM\9/))/O_%-O2A*@Y61
#^LX&ADSYO (=M^]3^\'B@X
M\MWY23!Z6PA8@,5!-0#VQL
!@W5@V5_E/[KZNK+E^MKCE&$0^7/W(1YC#G%


M_V.

U7W])Q26?'^&M\F-/:UJ/+0:F7WUX6/_^JJ/(8GM1_XL8SP:)XZX4:.OQB

MK):D8F

U

E\+!_(UA73B
MW#8!CB.?V^.YS+XETQ_SMP'?(G=(5^I:^O(?C]XIG_


M

LT]BTMQY.&5SFZMH[:[Y6AD+BQ3DC5S/R

3FC
M;J..(W7$ ?^5ZBPY25)MHK159;#YX^;E=B5O#/U-;LEQFS7%EG!L2853V\26


M#+P'%RZI2D:=%@B6%C@9K,4)/)^0KVDNN_US$/%.5:
 K=%5
YU9NPC36]


F*]D]0Q&_K%#[@%6(*L8/CA(BFX4G5KLA]V?

MJ[
V S!885!NM$!GR'W56!ZJ5

MOQJN^9LVZ37_







M$3
XEVM 1



DQKI^(^X]@&2!5;(K(T[?

 05\'5=Z[^?A?T+T'=W!B(LU9X$5&AC1S84(

O)F(Y1'HV


MYOEXW#/S6NS&GE
!Q71EP6I_T&M'T'5:@_
%D.07Z
W;)]XAG.WEQ/?]7.5*




:
M1@QJ7T&OKFD^SC!'UNB/);G!8M.)'9$8H=#1.$S-@KDCG'K:8]R^AV(C G

MH:Z-+U'65TL76RM)



*.BR
ML-/-I/TTNA/



M-7B3=?+N8

-#JMM=SY






M=_




:
7?
M(KP\.B79ZY?DU51:H2


MCAO*1SSRJC

M(-O
IW[T!+ FNMM
M30ZZ3'6IOD?E#YB5HQ4OYT_V'C^)2<R&./BKL JZ3F:Y+T*NDWW!=[$K@F.
M+'.;.)[AHK5-;7


O H./;[

#[5ZMO=K313;7N# +26-=\KG?%0S'-LW#R*TF+X


G?DXXUW(





M

5#*U[






H+X3?LYEH36Z4U%X;E.*Q;YF)NV:^JK5&9R_H0VBMFY8XR




.X9H9U.XJ^I_32


M1-%WI::6F



MLNX;3C7R2K1&!0X$H4^D6)HG(T\ 41

M%QZ*^7@U;$ON\%5+TNE%1ZOE38[O&ZSV[-Z8CFM[U

M((LCLKYO+NM[O$S-(YEY6#U(_N/I;#2_:;EP\-?JA@H.UY)^1]DA78.PM*1/
MJOF](WV[G%ZR
^[BM12T!.9Y$WL'#;4LB62^+A: G[PT[5MS8CCT-M75RY
(TW1


M

3SD#FO4_Q]/9O&?GR^ N#




2J05B7:E/JG_:Z]H:18] 9#DYZ$6ZCZ*&
05&?-/?0*'+(@T%'
M&;?I-L$R@C:R.M:TOU]F$K[
MFG:B7_4 I42_ZLY




M ^[?VB9G)Y
6BVT-Z@ID\J;I]_/7=GVP?;B/X0F

MOA=$YHP 



\'K5&


MHN
H


Z9X[DWIS

M.PR_%=CWI_0K^3'9?!ADF?P
OU_8/@=!A@V'^YUT^T_NYRF:7.'M]FWZ5\#/

W1ZE$Q/+)V+BRZ-)0FS#Q'_)R#M CL^;\M.:C?'8=JP

P%<5=MB:B0HNOW*ZSC[&F%C;[Q9L-<ZWBNROWI0_*3(-[
P?_IZ

MQ\/QL+OCUN 4M-N1K0;'7?SV-VUMIO1!3WANYF VW^3R2-_9_PL*.#/?:O






M++4E-
4OSK0HH7IHJCBF@YWBKZI3.JB
OZHXI
.=4KVJ
SI\5M*E'1(J.9EI
M/=R#[Q=:N'CV45(%56[A*L[;Z('+?J/:X)M&ZYX %]:Q5(YU0HC;_S ,!ZO
M7H85PK8-\A[ E]:&/ T@G?Z'OH$ZCMTC2VT+3MG#6#$X51Q1]4$EU^H9W0'(
M6Q4F/5& MB/*%T?U@VJJU1.] YW0O4316!YX(Y]60];BESQN6&[MGM#_[KF



NX%]*U%!O[_T
M E@C!(





R83KD9POK8#3+;99




M+\$39-80U@SLA)DP
7)FW/S8I0:-N()E+(
L!3H;)

[ ]BZ_L_%P




E



D:[\]0?S78O6[J;^WTZ'5[


?] _(MWRE







[;E/O13M9G[R.O'_B-Q5/:+[2/Q-6)<TT
/7Y*-
MF.I2\;7PP0Y

:ZVOC;]*$2O+6T=:8


0N@.%W5&^Q=\\SNN(03-
TX]





PTP7M5^_I;V;H81*4WL6T+*V[=F_BN\D_ZD3
M@:
QR6Y3*;MMO#

MO!X\_Q?V_\[//WZ\N-C$_?''Y.4RT-[D1HP
/-(%71 /\57VIC#SK+V9 \S7



U)SX/(]]%HQPM56902MC!
M
N.)K@Q&HR+@Y_CHVT-&1T_M[0P==0O6'.I4#OC/1(\ X6/RIBS*1'69XP5Y



M.6X#=KX'





MQ







P
=NCYJ&-(V (Y-\H+. N7
MTX?(V 9K,%OX&%$9RB.%IQ%3XQ( O&;@F[4T=T-_;E)IN&F#=H#[&8^[


!'\X(\E]CJ







M41 7@


5_;'N&75PEAB5S5J
MED: 4

-H9 G9N

M1-

BK%H9K#( N
6[$31P)W:29L@



PD/KM:]]?KCQ=79\F_U5_?)IG*^.DK
M3D-KTI<'JR^OOMIAUQX\-\6.[93K[ 7!ZEDER%+W<A!XIDT#'FC* L%Z\.'
M%?K$N9A+ O@(

MMIG
5P((IK%8(-5]EK5NDJWV\5A2&+J!TKA
M
P?Q\!FPZMO6#?S&2A%

#Q ;E:&_P *V
9\Y7W:Y)6QG.
E=-%AGV&/2PF+

&!A(5!IO'

U B@6A/X&?:0-W+:!VR8';E-]



Y_\V7J.GU)X=VG


'IM_ZN-6&P


^$9% MI$R/1PRAV'4?S!8JGN$^2\(##
M?C'FDH2[
B=) ;A
#EA#6
-49HA1WTET+SF[

M;T%/N4_L;BV;(,O,ULS1*3PZIR
QG0CS^)X'%F?()O
NQ(O$

M+R3&*#FQ@3U:-_;6;NR\RO6A^Y4?A.U6+X:=.=8/'(WK&M/.T+B%]?J2V?VD
MK[$?G/\
WK:
?B@(K-^GMA;V&!0(.
+RF$-X-+Z.@U);X!05\GX6X(<252GE:_::OL4*(JWU2_.\FSF;8]G WT9<
M.K  XPNM^\(O7ETRMNRZ' Y\:17*9XXN/S\FL6TSF4(RV8&=R^/B8PGF#



K\.S^Y824B)CA[(



%D=PBZX@
M.Q:(.3912XON1NVP?-!K5U=#5YLFVL<R!8/HKE&!0QYMDUC@N:1ZV14!/0<


G=
MN/!;:T

M70OEZJS%E9





6*!Q;VA<
MG^2U

2?_-$IW.D14Z[VB?6:;5GC6LD#IXG)%'U7(!35<H^0*NJ@;AG8
M'//G Y]R

MJDNL\


M.M$4=5QTP$RY$LNR=G9+P=5+5NGF'FNR+4HW'/IC3LY\9@PBY=2%QCT[D8E


M
FQ&_O7;9V8:OK]$  Z6-4\T931HQW TKHUH:3%\Q0-N^.:





M3QYPNHDV*C3(IA0RFB
T/[GH1L:AQUCSR-W@L(T55=%'QV^N8&U 8PR6TJ)4


/
BQV*3S;H.Z.C


 5#!N?





M#P0@4:@:0N]&PD/V@K]2/V3B0,?YR$@W&YZ(%=7B=M6A1Y$:6/;&+EMC/R

B/
M

@1F0!FN N!-JE(YXI5\6QYW9H9(QC



<_*=D(<!EO
M.L6T/$QFHJMIM=9#.A?I5^+XI8'/266LW\8;H3U&%U*.]'4#L'Q2Y+Z3*7
M*(QA%LGG!!E=DI&L WQT'6

M =25=_#4ILQ*^+*5K3$1 

06V+7A7^C)F,




M_3=X5#3UC3BWJ4S %'


MY^S:6X Z






MHOXD%=% 4W


3
M[HUU_W'BDTKN/1+*IBDN-53VL=D#AJ/IZIG:+O Q*D/$O)3V((Z3L+#H9L%/
M2


ML:);&I +($G]=?




M_\U-KVTM$UPC2!(7_#VHN:&(+'CHIP=^XZXUYYG;:Z
4R*J(GF\#?*C4;1(K
ML5C-?(9 R @4XCC)T?+Q (7K.FF%.).A%
\$!3UF.JGY&]3O C15?/I$[[Z%


Q!)#O)_C06D3DR=_F
MB\(8$&Z$P%%_XA UY4PR-YPNNW^?O9QX7=E6
%N*WC;2HQKM*_7_)3_%!
MN5'!$I+ @E29A_I9;#MK(W86%DT!QK6R;$!3H%::4H^A#*^7[^ =3-8(=GZ
M41$0KA\W-A61KQS KF-
G D!L
S!2H.;MGK#V!6OG(*I_QP$3[+/9_HKTM

MT20BNJ*_XLHB%%F;1:38HV9!%PS:BW 5(UHQ/+I'W;E!BG.2)2R+-E/[)BO8

SE
4ZS*)4=<N+.O5XNA
'W-2+I?J+NK9'(WEJ ?
;Y0+D=\N8FF_



U7@@-HCT
MM#EG)G'TB1S0.%_4XO8O'SPS0@OE@LKH_\D-_P)^$^1.$\6??WOWQ)?BQ0(_


M!M%BX6!GCV+GYP2PE2U5%;80.GI=61FO51\]A5M5#)9M.&2^8?G_\2Z05FV
MWTRYG&
?JC(:O(#(F-(?E


)'
MNI=



Q
$TY0Y?&\ZUK<D#5<

M!?:X:

F:?6\
TQ!QKR5$L-.ZY2)CE\X7C+?D+LD]ZH(^7S_8[
M'FQT!XW)/JM


MAY-9V2AU#Y;Q^H/C3X+L-Z=G=.NI:8(#01OLIXWV2T1UKVB;F]9;\Z)] GUE

@

MLI\6$\V3DA_ON1F%]BU?Y^?#=7^H+\#OIC;?^Y%W*Y]

M:!YE=*4[W-=HP]WMLJ=H@V-J++2BH%Y$UCRL-E0K:!?2]/W6$'N8E.$X,?
M]+T[LC_,*(!5N(]%9SA6XH O8D5_6V!&W

) P/E_WT
M8?ENS4W?8V-

E!DWG'!F&G[A;)@7'+8IW$R_#9!MZU:O.Q19

@WXF4
MR
$U+ST*IHZ4P;#M4)ZZ&155/R8'R!'&PP:*GCO)IZ&B

MH)BFC'


_LCO;
MF=(@.X;D%BMBM'&
1 %WBGUX5$GUEPH0576
 .*#)_?V5]FJ[&PC]8]S/
MS;?XS(08NL[!TP25CLP#6/J)
V[Y0UQQ+\)-[PCS?!M/93N@N6&0[\I@





MKC)0RT]4:(I 7
E/MECH1^;/PY6%??7X\_-ZP\9

M772'RF#484CDG.L^;8ER_-DZ8'DJKTI119ZKYAVIANP:7+L-905W2];(9&






W[LC^\.
 EB%^UAT

:'[8IW$R_

;T
M-@K6*

U+CX*I(V4P;#N4IVY&1=6/R0%RA/&P@:+G3O)IJ.C

M!4W8FB)FCRPHIBGCW ;.X;*@K@QR6_Z'( N/+BA617N'IN^QBI!+4Z3@
44C


5CP&E^ZALV^=SSSYQ__

]N?$XO)Z\Q$S8*_[CBT]]?







RO\5G;!5IR9DP1'V  $_T%54WA'1(J+\9[,7F4.#_!P /<*




M:('Q3Z]65+/G#*VGK*E\9FP.O331D*Z7TZ\^34B[CY1WZYI.SLS^ %=0!SW
M]U?:J^VL[Q'%

M4KV


TJBH13
07E3R#\JF%18[&$6=MB^0)I08M5
T
M'34ZQ\.B%UV]$J[_3NW7+^'J-@ER)!GG0

.HQVPW@(G=$




9OP \6MT2!_H

MRV\




M#H-4W_/D0M#KGT@O0EX1EWCN^WE_[4R0.R\S-FLUV]N=82\Y;%3 IZ]U-;6@
5P#0<L0L3\^III*(%HM)90-(]IPV)C1
M)E6<LUJ*P1I&LG&_,0.1JCEGY3FPZ43K*VJO,42KXIP-3N%_\L9N#YEN6NX^
M0X7H]B)\R$6:PQ(X:4?7I]W/F[K(IMO[[5W!3N!Q _$H.+TQC$6F?F7Q)S^

MDK5N@H

M

AL#F%9G[3WX@GLC'@V^

MVM;OKRX\+SSM:J?==8#5@58
M;D W0HZ?0-T?2T'HY8%*3[M_^7=!*#__L


:2 M 3(7)DL9L:$Z@KDQ
?'=QT
MTC9#5(#[AAM@?:E!%:;TA*B\(


9NNNI7


S'/C?WJI
M=YY1Z1=!8QH+F[H;BI@4@/]:[?7HW=?::*P 9H

B*7M.'FGAM
MJ*Z]ME(MMD6(\$%^#]=\V\+#B0 2M G/O# ]&U!@WP1Q:TY'_\D+0%*ML!
MPX 8%]AD!B+[U


MC&
P200+9ZA-&$M@!-@6]8T& BKB


EK[YIZ&
7E




!TO  6:D@
?[6
)%1F<R+8;B?J1%KMUJ  _$ZS'N(R8GDAW!D^B!D0






X3

<))\462 1^8 OCQI4
MC47UQ+2#18C7E&5[EBE'S?0'_I=4$J?P_AU
AF$B)5:+VA!-NU8DU@[%^Y



M


+[

)AE


TL90$G.T#9

S
U@B$IW*L7URRI3;
9)2@6*=

M6HI

^C=N=SJL#-'YBV=FO(SE)AB

 PFN1C[8P_1A^(FS@(<&<^!0ZZ'*= '00HA6\/A *T;=?=





M&2?S)W(EY1

MH.@;Y7-B-K*L )3RUF2HSSAPECV8VISII;PD(91$YHW$ON440*LA'
8*.X
M&AINGI\

G

T]E0/F!&?F .2K$<*A*QD@+PJ94F(9C-OVXHN)N!F<'R[U0


M VEY8Y
^<U-.Z4BNQH_WXNB*
MF*J%DKST*6ZGRDRD/#38<:#*Q6GS&$2UB'5U&:4&I +001WWR90.P1
UAU#

$*PKL9KR(DVQ/N'!9M$ RO1XJ_6X7KQ*L 5DIZ@ LP):D1VX
M$*TXA='LYN)!P


XH;@




@
MK\:?3


MM.A
 GD




L&]IGT





M/L(-H2(\A-$H0-:LKAL1F2$E*$H@SOX#FVA=@3/FX[B%
4X7E\&'78YP
Q

M:N$.9AW&L03X$.:J;%AS-1\UP( #VE
&.5FDA1/W%WIDMYD-V)D$U9F-9AKF
MH\
FX!*3ZETR(S

\S'0(5HX2]N-.I.A)T%V^/S!DX% 'QB.#(\'F84
MWS'#B/IV$A3 3 L2D3G]R:7U*!XCTP:B)

0#\< M/HF<9SDP_.C &R^]PN!3JH%0NG(-)/S(L^
MGL&ZC(X!YO=^MAITS%.=Y-O_?OIPE18 !GXW#9?M@X2IQ31Y4]F@\7]V$TT

MO$A3

?4GH;+4^Q;?
?YS]@G)_QU&_O48O:G
MR%S%#


MQRJEAZ5::$4J
OB$GZ6/B/J





M_ZB;=C#79#R16HGYR+2M^A
MJ#Y].)JA/1R;#L=%JG&WQ^*1'/+$!Y+QYR:MJLFM'8@JQKYVVM=/23&1EHQ(


A

MXU8\I46P#
#RBS7^Y-?49D)AKWM*7Q^*4%1?Z:I:PIP9!]*:0%P-0BD/IE5@


K0-NV%3)*264N4]!07]E =+0TP$47/XAS(
MGAC92P'83-[S


9\)=XC\$/MYX#?SP5M]3J




^DVM'I<P68@%P04WC9(#[B-+N!E-J2%%BZ++U
K?
EN
-9L)VN%FIA&
M;8
O

M%X







M^05%SK'F-4W&$-OZA!/12JI&$I[4*J .\7_[6_%5/ESB'_KJ?1L#:-AOXT



MJ2NEB^Q1FK
-T[(A@_^C
)N[.$*IFC;X'I

MOR/BZ7 Z5QE\J%C'!S%W(F/@1!T@X-B/**D^2^()$/@N?\8I-8=7-EX697DY


MK\

MI@'DPPXE:3%XS^TZE]D'&=25T#(([IXL1(2'/T,%!2D/C117_F.6^NKL&7G
MWPZ?Z-NM;3(,UH@JHU('S%N5S6DE*FVS,ZVMT=[ZP$5NT!2IQ US&&8.21@
MS+E^M1!5K F).%*AD]0?_Q?$T5ER'8N\2KH 9I+Y(]G5!ADB[KX'.BH%&;I
M/+%H&36M0!DG&8!_K-EE2DEC)5K3M*=%/52%29C9


[


'P53\7C]<T6^Y\=9^!$:RXHJ\_)^9!E0HI

M)!8(O2IC08/&6A!

MI@V61Y=RL(D2#0LN-@[E(/V)].&?X402]TV4/-KVF'SS)(N6T;0[Y=;]
^










MV@AS?I(RZGDULYI]TI;K%(:/'K\
V-&H4K2%\-ZXMV9
:+E-2%RN\G. C+WT


)ET!8U



*'%=FDQ_
M#&WW92H@0N4[X\!:O@#_^Q0

B3L2IG?B5EMZ-XR%@B;ES:^[LZL





,=9?9=S03)P



M!MDMH3=
;[9$6B@ME'








/0Q

P%P=3MOBWPSN-$[--_A!_R;^PHIV@H[M03Q_V@53AL6WE



MU_3AXS7]Y/&:/GJ\II\^7M/'C[AD'G



MZS;2=+.MVTC3S;9N(TTWV[J---ULZS;2=+.MVTC3S;9N(TTWV[K-+)G'7(X/
M6H^_K:WKM]NZP:9LW:#%U@VV80 &[0
PVM0 #%L&8+@- S!L'X#AI@9@U#(

M]_(MXRA*T8 4%6A1?X8:)H[PYN@[I5
_B&_M5PZ681JY8+HCJ33&43M+*BFE
MLC_:?WX0//4W&XS!O0=#LX)6\1KETG04CHF]HA*0&3Z=F;;G% 9*11$URRD.



MIS5M;@XXKF&^&?#HP'_[*@NZ;TU(SAJ&,&?M7!+R]%:!I1GS2;



MBR]2G#88^6$3  #3R@  $0   &)R:60M
C R
#$P





M
HMPG0;N /\%4%R+'U%:W
J]=F0DMLE
YHC^G@8S[G+G<L2UX8AD!(D-A.LK7

)R[V9W*XS.8+C Y O:]!IX
MH]/ !J/!9\8&YU'V&  +NJ#

M22RX8T%:\N4W']Z.6;7DP.BU\JZ\5N*X_]M0V(]:Z1-W






&:NZYXA&Q[\0PE $
M'&VAI/Z&Q!;RE!*H3[UW=[6(




@-)@B%I.)I$V5?
; 9^_&YV





;0IX05[()6:QEO
@57C67 LYAU!'08
M


X





7ZKP@

IDRV!=BM;\99:\
P]2IRG!RMKT0OX-HD#B[P8TTIYLK:8*_
MT]?6? +&X9UFL

3E3*5L),R$[RK;#<*ZIILEHXM]AK<.Z;N-GJX'OP##Q(_H1_$/:^



L+








Z$0F@VI.Y7H
TA;Q9_-9?3JFXF^$3XCCQJ+@
8$U6;.;1.15[X 9FD&W=


$(:4/7_X'
'
'MQ+4
6[=0TEFM8

M^_:Z
(
M'020EJ UOZEQBK

+]+
[XBE

LSTG@WNR=J.2K)Z':PQCFI9[[_?I8[Y+Z0)G?'J+*_ZG:[(X[&


MGM/0.+6).R@?


MOP

MXQ2'E97(2_6V.+5MHWF*%.I+ ?:9HXPU2O-4P*XQ5QAS:8L4PG8-O.$IVA*
M,Y4 ;IRKJK%G[:U%=SB&P51O#GK_I3*L?):&J=W1

F)J
::H



3:H-@^G:I/.\//
M_P-02P

C Q
#
P


M








ML+369IS&$OQODZS8A'^:')]
WAV_?0V]@TSY0H.


MCS3PP'%?_E\
MJ[#:W/M(?2*PL=I0%^T$*]4ZHDQCA(B:_ 0=_%JA=@:E.$O

MT9-2E^M&K2=1;L'W

H#=;%3T!HEKH!] @6-O*CT1_
M;S?
UJI].2Z\Y&0U@H[F&CVQ])6@&#WHQ$F/FKO$=J

71H].^1U7ALK#6=U9C4Y/,\)Y:U9 50SFM=7X;*MG




PS1NT%B'1E+*4Q;1[\K0;M$E5R^8C?F
MX](-^.T)RRF-J--%L95FAC8F$\]W]UB[V\8!=&CBQA.*_8_KN[6^-C6E?!T
M#CQQ9NX9)MXMA'&]FY!B.Z-WKL4+'N^F!





M\ 


M2ZYO



MJU



-G3B0]KG_L3)RL
M5O&/B'A.0L(IT1B.]_JSWB5F3X##?!\9_@R^):2![\$7STGK.RF!E
^
5C)+@WB&-Z7B6$Z3(&WA_$;D.['4IKJ:%V
M8A0U%;FM VM&GH$]RM; :S,XY5)J8+PSD:=7-8I_X;A)^1[?)&<A#A;2E=T

F]9
D-Q.X+6!IN1BJAF


QMMG9'1:2)
_9!. .3[V5
X_QT=?3K'TCSB\P2^?ZFA-^@5&DI]D<]<O/^4GB
4)LQI


^+B48PA&S8VIHUO

M=L3?MSI'=+I[


H;?K.QLX@ZRAI'R#.TL]*0[66



MH1O0








R02HA  U@]%( .CY\0O^Y$X07B.6Y!ZN%Z\2

FG;Q-BQS[Y
Y]Q%[


(YUP4E*%=0 F
$;F/%!5;;0T%K5M.O1 5%9$]9A6$VO=-[6 R55# IRN7H*Z!KC6RQ<




'9R5-6$=AK5S+!4$

M/?3=]MG5CF.EEP9](0\+
A$68XU!:N7
_T*H
N?/)Y0H-:;!QEMMCF3R?Q

G9R*O4&##TK@7_& LDH-G[F]&SE# 9^%W
MCUAVY[
#*:N\Y#3F%LDSOL7A?
&_Z





M(]H6*DH71NU5539?SA[#G%*6

M[RIIN?54FFQK)+Q4E+?AQGGSD%#X;GOSP[PVYXN$SW/@DS-WSY




MK[F!@-@EULF;

MT7AUK7;TYUQ[ UBQKFTP9P?D=O15FF3L$3@?U3I*VEC?M.OJ!&S#Z4DU75EK




J?


M[[ ;\ZE%%E:V\







8[
M*Y$W6BS[G\[#.B\QRI*



$%     @ SXLO4N]$N@/$




MX?3TZ^GGKQ\^_3_%1B

GK2?I?4OUO/@I^?&7_/((0.A2B(/SZ&J)?
MWA5D?7G_
X
N7+\?\UZSH
M5LG71^)G;;P_SMC)*=-?O2BO4Q\=IS\6R*)*0+3(?H:\@E&6
71+Q3UG+D

D]$3C[Y1VK?)1U)-;F?ZC4C59+
M.LIQ ;).^=X5S;/@
M!DNX60V6;)IB^)1JS1YK1988Q,G@4\P-$SO*;3] +J\BIW@*S]T\4L?L


1L*U[LP^0(55\QY;[9R71?+CJ9
M?G7[Q6[4.A&EH.\;&-VR4S



GB!M
-(]U#
M


(5UILWVTL@^ET6;L$EYK


6SI:
MP



MFCLB)0D^R18$W+PSF2ZH1WV=V1DA!GZD*4:#H9T4[$D5PO*4GS45V:(LG_

@

\Y_G@$?J\[6E:N*KLL06L\WA'!;;3<ILL
MKSO0D&3

T(7M3J
]4=EDI05#!E

MNPZS

IG7@$N



M6
(/WC

MIYOL
CJ\IW!*7

Y+:= K
5A4)\4J3^^T^7Z# )2C1:
]7)DX95&+XPR;#









MS#8/8)'/NCFLJJR9]4:H73$(EJ\L^^%@\^JQ

M0CCQ&0Y&BA]#^$?


/
MH@08^F$3#_K5= SGP+_BSR



RUQ&PT:X%-%H-Q@P.P
M_N:!?@J!RZ](U;[U25DYH@A!P?O)Y*EQPY3&%NY5K7?#[K-_Q 3]PF$D(7Q


MQCKV'/ =?(9!#&]@O;&NJKBIJ'SET84591!A]


M*FM
/Q\44E(Q1&!];A2LD$0%H.A?FR#1KZ;?P+\PR5_4%NQ):

MD=(YSJ_ 0MZ2BGQ*%R::'E)\8YW%'+-8A6.N]DT= J#E=NO:'J-CP4^-\

M+=+O8&#6!G!+


MNB
M

M3/FE(MWOGP3]%LOX$^^#&K4O*%KM7VLU7PR/3VQ3L/;_(EG#[,6G''%%?4


+G$\6



M(=WEC]%

E(4*EN
FJX00@3-FA&$_/-\@?3P?0&6* (^^I.? '9 LYK0 2
K
M$TB(LEG#1


BLJOC S]FFEM9$^?L^G*R3TG4XX?XAG_XA'^U9RYZ'?/J(UY9-OJ(
MUS[BM8]XW5)^.:+4\H!76;SKET;#7=H)=QU8'NXZD(6[#DZZUW^BMR[,  $
M8?&B)RAJ[P(HE:WE&#HUY:=\?0_)731#$%/EHA4KS[A5*N7*SM$5+:%-(








M[N/E

M#(@*XT+'OMF=4[FKL#V?? \E*F_W;DHNI6WY\+:YK5OIQ37
[+5J]%T'CN7[




@_D#) LZVF(23!@=*
MWVG;+A]BU



L
3

MVE48.RV96H$L=]!E3'MC!![YVX(-165NT;48_@;E$_4(L^^'3&8SY$(2JF5J
MK2IM/WIBKH5.(-.C=&



ME_-5/O8NJ%QS3! 
:V\3JA.Q.Z1J!WTTYZEK+HYZ@UV5D&I!%6/WX[1AV ZL





M-9$2P*RC*.LLMB;@MMFRVUV7Z/#5S-U[Q76PC*.0RSVH.]]**ADR$N\V1 68



M=[14LO3Q^





MG62)37C9


MDVY9H%^I]L(Q#D.H]]:UB




WH%

MS5EOV^IM6[UM2]^V11?]=
V_#EP04@W)&O;3FDG(C5S:=,Y (O73C(U/3W6
MXG8)F\%-D8ZIARAV TY'*%R#4



7.'E0ONZ1





I7#-+&T/X#7/
7#



D) .LOWF@GT+@\H2M=??%M F96;WEX.#]

M%9[9F@7/7E!!5S-

MPLF


_
1*4!4K'!)$6WR+H#%[M3AY;B_:$999UE8+^@)'P4Q72;2
M#0\]*8K14J=A/8:HH@P+=SI-17#4+@R=4OP
PK70M&F/ BDR I+[TI]44:
MY5^$Y4WY/R4-O47?BLJ*4N_3NNN;T.MU=2-*MBJES%YB2C8)!S1SL+S - 1


+I

MBM%*1L

M?=T+


@N4G



+[)8' FP1%

M*%TNDS1 =&ZERR6*@
]O+M-N%)/*?!V
C85BP':61H[+6ZECJ8V PJK6(R:
M&NN=&!?VW/!E_4XI?T5M5?LA4Q1!Z&$P=*U^7'=-M7E-_^1S?32B[L?=KRU
M6K[2NR[!&NP?&NTOLO8768MR]A=9;;XXV5]DM0L/*^WP36#6:0C*U1\Q6O))


MQU08X3ZJ+S

MU)0#UB5 JP[:[2'G,UGD(;1[9,N*U0RH/$2#(&@;JKF/;H%#Z* R^\@RZD




MY3Q]29D -XJ!_PU$+
4D8A[1I(.



W2^K.WT


MU*





_I

D.!O3







M/,7AO?8ESRW(:YC/WQUO-NY0_Z5X#D
_M
]H!#H9#].&PQ:Z=G^Q[ZE.;\

_5DX2 \AS-
TK 9NO[
M\.J5=E3*/ H 67'MW. '2BIAGUNG4U\
6+X6VS4_C[3NO!V.O9Y-(C$4IC\
M;C]\13[M]

M]G[RN_0BIRJ#@B._412QU@5VB$&29W\))3-AZ

MIG:_4G/M (G%RU:7=)2OY:0WTX.ZCJ:+]H3A$Z4M3A5Q3MV:=7I=@LL8AM


)P[<+CFU]@PB8[AIIX54

M-W9GVZK


M7Z;+[-_(=;B/Y*?:$KSH,SR?R._!DD%?\DNXH3FY#1;K1-:4O:#^//Y/MW


MI*CX/OSPPP_?\E\;4HGR]3%/FF]\]VVC3BN9_1H;Z#N:%/&/!5?O*@N#DB-M

'\NW-4-O$0/X
MOJK_]IS3I5J9)


M(F]




Z)QZQP
M=_914WI'EI5Z0TPUQ*2A1@:C11A6JRH!9_6F?*8Y+*XY?:9I$;_0RS3
5NI9
M; +_G&!S-JN+/VMF-)!TU7B(T@X_X0)(3P*YRHK= K=HD%O0\-U3]O)M1&
!
M6O:/(5;9GWZ_8ANJY#PMF0.H\-N5%'/@S: :($KQLW?
Z'4:HH)3$4&V(U=;

\H[N?2(?\B# &
M9 O9 _O S7*1YTQOOK$T;.\UM'
N4$9UNXN1DM [AFRT&X((:




M)'9TZ)


M(638GWZO47S#M
Y?XI J'!8]V1PP&5



+N(P0;F


LO4Q+


*(!G8NVDF
#%

M%O3O%3S*?6'_






HTNZCV!^^(4&DCO0V W_<YZ]AMGN
T

\UV5T
WEXML5+-QE95$WH$S
MIIETU5R3[#GK6UR$0?(7&N0/7[*'YZPJF$OU\(6I^':3FM)N6/'-EXG#P8Q-


M_II54T



MESRXF:V/4$*%I@4_HS*[5J
LLP'-4OD68/T.(!EI^004T7Z;+-DD7KS_2M
M];(

_.A_0S!IEJE*O


RP-*B'E&
MES3/:=0]XNK4Y_PM+I\W%S?GKV%2P9N0^V=(WLQLC6Z#-U$M+XT@3W
NY1$7
M+Z%NELH/Z0\M$.@UYT$) G/EPQGO2GF?*[UA/24M28G)UE:%?RVXS;/F$ 


M-971=9(P\[SO:MI@AK9E]X[(Z3HK9CV00&H1_$;NB'!^LA&PWXGK*LB?Z&FP

M!).:+0Q41#A 8-!






J?Q'Q#
=R:K4FQS'MO]U7M?:U62/#A!

C*@@9:-EE(E@X:'2'C;


%BUC&2%4:-G[
M?8=*3W-2B#$.KX@QI($PD^-%S6CB!Q5N]IX0J&I.??#(-/U!BR/1BIT6)F

M0@

*[UUN5$O9



Q@SHYNYXI9I#!/2(4$%!
MI9D6$X*8





TR/(()#XEUAF
EZ8













C=\EQ 17/3:R0ODLDHC_M(\%DGB2^## 9_;
MG*Z#.#I_7=.TH
P'NF?:=[;26F:P(IS3F@YF-)/G3/*A@9V]KI*)2\$)Z&


MTEV^C5Q+VK//B1A7H[J8LN5%


Z





ME )' QERO#D1)5^#
/+]-SAPQ$_(K!= +?7LYYAVBY^&% VNS/KIL
5SJ8B3






3Z\ELKD73)62PU6R2X
,K 7BTV,_1E=QF&L\\AL&.=]G6]K
M2/]!_A@7&NQ9JRJ_*A2,A-:<.)#7T9\?KT!65.99TK2(7Z@XP[O*CBYNUD^


6\WFKL(@#/6CQ!:ZL
.R/)=;;%
M]&

MU+K8'/!;M8'

DLHPNGI?8*+KWSIB'%RJCVZ8$%:?S:&2
MIAV+5UB-N&JH:V@Z*&F%


#)YO:#QAT%H


ZXP*EFQ(1XX!5D%^5.
Y-KRGB9
YM-/-*5YD
 %




H]82^VE<J!:967MP#XI&A?&
MK)^T!M0_LP7@&YCY7^(<CQVV^[%;7M-P

XWY YI9
\ZJU.OEFNT2X)J^







@3$T*^


M.^5G8TP0*80DYK876]_8[FC5W&I+/
L7T:Z6T[?%
WP.QS7&?(;:[(_KFS.Q

MS


M%

:G;S]4M#H

MDCG'B$JY+K:[OZ/!I$*I(9;.$!89JK




4)7YL

T
MMA18$7:;TW401XV347LDS?WP@L_=UBUB)\PO)ET


M &J


M[2-A-0WD(@!GC+





!)L@TK
M#NQV/?^3(/T

:5#.O+]Z9
3D






/
M/E/ B1W_!]U\F_\Q;S7CO_\3S!AMXYW%Q3HK@N2G/*O6C(/]-QM
99Q6-*JO

M


CW#D-7+W-U7(


M;+;+YNB5
=N%8#1#9I?62.EV.K*/2$\Z'V%=^3#




MJF$A=7IS? ZV33'
8F/QF

*\J)'!(=R3@MDYM#)^S%UT%8(.U$:7TDW8<%Z_!RTBV.![%8L

M?B:TXO0)-



ME8*?2+9D?.^Q*(IJA2G:XKYZ+.C?*^9#G+_PY^
0 ?@F_G?45;3CG=59=#&G
MYR[:

B#:%




;$H^GZ
J]%PGLQJF
M:[3G7OW$G_K



M#E2#1CE]AE0Z+U0

M!9*)]YI^Z21BS;.4_3

V\5Q6E&]FLINLE  ^&)BLL'WS I)V_D
MLB@J-MMVL^SVA/(;HCOZ55[S$ANE13T/GRF495 -@Q3XDD(U#7E)TF9JZ4


C-AVYI[52W8S
)& A*PH;/S6@PJ^CJB<X3;#SJM3%*CT\B*$)TV

F7^S-\H7/'7@[%3J\41LE-$^L'Q=./5X':7AQ#Q

7ZF



I-^22A2]BTPNCF=J*@V7:W6QG:;F\G2?$^


M@2%6L#8BC6D+:Q&$E*=AG




5*/6







7DZR E9/9V^0G.(+7 ==9/E9




:IGJH08HJN$V!:?OPN^? H8
MQN


MTK&]* 3&\=RIX.T5M01DZ/TMRS_S:B A+=PP:^+T@M1Q4Y3XU+/A0^6HKD
L
M @
\4%X+%F3@NXC3N'BFT4]9%KF!S\3I!7SCIBC!IV?#![Y178?@:QC($W!X

=CS1U_KXJY1
M15P;8JVOT
18GU1Q$C'7!GRBRQ5;55Y$0=*?\JS03=HC/'
P4K]+D*,#&B@
M8Z/E$%,M#_=.XPX7#J1]L+G.*7Y6_=\R@0S$\.\D0%CBO=C!'34:- UJJ*T
#A7)#+/2IL4TM
MW?1,=_'3,]LA_5)0CG#-4#!R^$JFI5%=ESQK0.X=5O8Z#M'%J2!8MBHH1#5

MX6N


T\<,WR*BY FS :5<4U

MS=+CFA+5KOE\M4ZR-TKO*'=K.K6)3HWCWH)OUE0;MF;T\FZ

:$9]+::2OY/
M\
9D)T=LS0GKM

%I;L/_N#4F+\[-1(*=J9J.S_%1Y,\_YVYD]
M6 &F4
#_VTMD!\]0(I$0#V^EZ'=^



%I=JJWT:GCC%X!X^+EKI\
MXVS/U3 B2TD+EJGJK
+-Y+P!JF*1.]=YPY**D

KG*23H
GJ]
M[*_P!W%'PTL1=?Q?ZUW_;C^!9L\TL7&L=T^.\M&
CCT8)1V6]V229QHDY7
8




;/#NUZI_@('5T4%CP(3A.-4-YE D;
M2FT5GNMX=8_'8Z

6RGC%4T$L



[6!&ETG

M.%935213)X#IM[A\ODRC^6.JBYHV&61YO$%V\.X5$N0GV'OKDWP%C(F[U$

8AS0N+@L5JTEE]


[]]


C9AE
M'B$:9L1X-VL\]C(

BO3L ^[%'

P%F5EDX'

(']FVH]#RYCM=K
M0O3@!+

M-YID'AQ*UED1+H).[LL@+]U0;E)]%6@W01C=5!*CLDC?8K3%&*AV4]O;-N

*ZW]9





M04;%QKS+]1(( _%_3.E]B\A1N5X/JVP,W/D[,(L!'OPIIWZJAC.84BT5I.
M/#O(MW8;?


/;0?TA
MQ@6#$\;WV
?M'?/)6_O/GV



$=3C<IMK(<S[K;NUP:-7[Z.2\(=L.U@QEA=+CN
Z#-2W

M-T$_K$4US(W^]:

9I)LOTB?HOF

MXNFN..

G/O9N-^!V3FRWM=H
M5'_B$(:@J7%V

M$._.BTTU]3@E&0CF!;);R5#;@HG&



MZ\84-712/7G@F!#.ETL:ENW=#S


LZNX(. G Y0E

;K[A





PDCI-\ N1H?XT\&/
MB)X9\MGKW/FX


MUA] -A

WU@H0T3-H GNV
M.;.BVQK1S7P^QN
=;8Z*:J.LUH(2CLZ13L3\+
EVK-7$7B?(GL+&R8Y38GL+


/*


&F8$OY8;O2\UIKF\Z5OG-(PQ+PG.J6F=)/C=%CHEKW5@




MWFB Y

&+;&9T^*O8@


1C6TC
M/VC:P8IS3GPYF-)%FP4;&NS9ZSI$(G#[7NEGIEZD:R:

MGF=?V%)Y&JS9+Z7R.8D+/[Z:)).T'^G792WGB*R$)/+8B()7*5R6MT+3C^5E
M6I1YQ2-0@B(N[M?





:


M04K@#GN/9W0;1:ZKU2/-;Y;PER!)%


M$@XX.K0S+$7PWKVY[EP\Y93'3]V'SS2J$D9TE:5/@//KK*0%F_K@H.^




M%N@#8R?CNY9ST+#NVZ! \\=#13/[NBY?SU1AN!'=-7@[3(.DPT=UQPH%KK\[
M4%Q?L
;=51

0YW]FWDRF;
VTK-ARG
M@TZZ*E#T1T# OR*9'6E14'H1I_#8^DKDJQ@+/!WAF76VLU&_-ZN9&+S#RT5+
M^4R2D?'KXJ-=AIGN!F9=4^[BI^?R9OE+07D&Q



M:

M;I.E

.FWUSDR=^&&&!Z8\KREL
MW^#(=/


3*)7F





M@O33$Q;*/791G6I;7!
^)O&32/ANR+Y@YL#7:9;Z#GNO9JM[*6L9CYI$#;@Z


I&L#=LK:GY/7?53





7.K
T





I#]'F7A;'W#OL4K*:F2C(WK*&VG

M7BZ(TXU+UL00%?P8+Z?
18.ZU74)D* HLC&8\9&\CNR

M'@


=1D8!T9
MAT'-,CL


.;JZE37W&HZ9.UN5%+J@+N?

M*)IF9!]D;C(08G2 6J(E%D(XOP N&PX6_$=8K8^O12?;Z!1 :!Z28HTJB/
M/7\\$I\3[RF


M(?4[]K


MW 38VUKC&SFD$30'V'?B(4^2

M0SV-H*#?D(B*?T%@2! R
ZN$A^-EH#D)NR9Q-F;4-R2!M_$B_(^'U
&S;/Z=

YOSUF;VE25;]R*F:\K^5?*'O4R5H&
LE\/-)7 07/JYB7?MR&M:_I(&
MHA@HC9JGT(L\AN.%


#2/.8PE5%%^7E.9
M_U(^!R4PL6:)0!#_8]#1 V2&917DL7A&6ZW6(HZN_BH#K8@C#;FF 0Q:$:D+

QP6#ZRM3H




 E?I%X9
M8\#5.9;:RG.A8!-319-YHY[9V#1 .;.7)?B6M1&;HAXXDROL0V(F1Q99]GH
M*G55S22V%-!3.+83=\V[D,NT?5T2).VC$SGV88P!5U]9:BNE5&M?R[!1M-XP
MDJ#EW-=*R;:;61K])_,C2L@Q=A$789 \?&%&OHG__?0%P*)?/1T%S+:B3C*L
MA9T3-RX,3E%=2HK%99!:
SR0@P! .W[[%%\?#RP1DTW



DG
?.D3IANY2:W@+@




+



*[-I%T_V(U.WH;E

M]@.C.08BKZO





M-H:_)/3L$5_3\K9^0:5;^_@P




PR0Z

M.U=DG3A5?:N;UDNT-ZVPB7A@K?J']Q_^K(N5D4AP]9Q6/]
9_3
E0
]3+OK)




M])2L!'==:PDZ-1 U4K

M;$;
<F8ER]


M20Z[D










M22I;=-H12;/4:\_]G#T5SS3ZE7T?H@6NXE7



55H8Q
MX:EI[\LL_RVX@5_O_FF:F&9ZO<_H&EH@W+R
Z
-Z;\004P699G'CU7)3QW*
MC-P&.-8$.*ZQZITQ'IR#PJRJ8:3P

GU2*&T.1P$7U



T4))M*3W&SHQ#)\1!ZY?-C?'9'Z
M$[A\8%/CF)OE@RML1L0=&)LK9@ EL-#?\[I#)8#GPN)\8#Z'FUOO9]?$3X

M#K+R&E(A,#K&]=-.D#BE&SD;&@]-?HP8O420I\A@*=^F#U\QNSAV@4.:FK

J+M-I:=E?W58T?33;4[7
M01PUER8\\T5!%VG$UU3YW=-VDE#WK)

'[D*SP9(0\-#MI;-NH\


MD=S%F@EU+^IT=?6':GY

M5+


7[1];

M2,$WJY]#7)8-W]#6E%D(\M3_]9/6XN';!'RIWF]6!VV'S=&)MES(^K?4IK
=&U+\3E%;4/VD&<+8D_,TY#%;.3S8




MG-EG[*Q\[61XA6[F0-19EHJJPV05]V@(WJIW4YQ:&B6 JZS[K;8V95U[E)
ZZS7#_1.(\+ ORPSK2.-H;.*8^U_E
M/_2_VZPY!0*X68


O!=/9S
#' 0=






M7^S/S9_8_T!B%O:7_Q]02P
$%     @ SXLO4E#U(!=R2   P/D$ !4   !B

C Q
#
P7W!R92YX;6SMO6MSXSBR)OQ](_8_:/O$;LQ$;'7=^CXS

MX$^3GV$

T;C6%_
?!W@E=YX#S@C =P.=G9_?3'Y





MM:^%R[8L 9&A[A'3R1]CD%&(8+A=9Q@E;;&6E I
D8CE9:6RNN%ROO(WB*
M]%CK.N915F$]-DS&Z']%UJ-1V.%8J[




MI^(- D\H0BG27O&/2()5H=W# 

5IEJQM(=]K2CM:^0^GU
WXQ;[0B
MVORFM4M04WW6'\$:R15A%G^\AVM






5&R=R/<\(XV5WU)2JLKBU
MIK2_=2%M%8\.=\%?813](\8O\0

[=KJC@UB$.



M


MR)7-%UD?=Y?&)LHN?8#G9PLU?[C\K[8
MW]T*GM-Y9DZ2[O(KJIJ^=35/C[]$=Q=G![NE#65DQ\SKT*UML]6UL?=G6M7

MSK]7
/<#H'N6^^&X24@

M&#9]B?B!8(4^?MQH*4]^@Q-VSN09[:6^?;.!=+&UYE(QGY+=9.4'T$UN38Q#


MWI_'M[?6]MXHPB]




M21CLDG7
VI5AS^!92DC6ZRT'7=1GA/
=\L7]#A).O-;%A[BSZY?'!R!I(!SO



M+41+'W7MEC73MR/(?^A;SI;U8AD]HZNLU&(0=G#M].VB&D*^_=A%;F&Z4V$Q
M)'O-7/MLS8!HY7'HLZJ


N
0P+$PB=CA+IN&_LH2_HLTM9FHXW;%X
M

=^X+&%O-4=I@*#*2(P


MGXK_4G^3HE*ZHT(@Q748NR


[$5^BVXY'+6Z.TTZ5%#X*$^ZO=].-34;^FYE



#3DX1/$]6S?%W6O!='G+Q?6K*OBX)J
MXXQ*RHZN/25'W<JUA.C'HD&))! D\ +F_[?<!%NH)650WL
UW'MO5GLYH+S


M.[#I:I)NN^HJA
T4X[8

DW\94Z&JW_9Q81]+NCCB=1N*M+T_##3+2?+2?.<Q/'3^M_$7L^IV*
M8^=SB\.M5<;3 6DXHO2'T-4M^WFK#/Q/IA+RXV!:B]%(;7 I:$HC;:Z4%ES
M%9K+O1%O(A +PED



*]S1\?[
](6E%./2_]@5#?_J-

XM\[X]^_V9_QN

7-UB;2A_V)Q

V[$F
MN\%Z]+(H*9?
(#: 0?\^G4/*S\KFBA;='DP;0_DV/4'F4O)A
IWSRYL%C/GY


8#.9R@4EHUYJAN?\?3








M23LYKY%CC)R&#/P ZSJF*SI[='E'UW64K9+B:





V\\WTS
G<; =QC%:6X%7L?<_H=A?VMV


MF

MN

-K:




B%^U++6U]0





MJ.[IQ\326AK5S%1RW@%5TFEZARH[ND'7+H*J01PGST_CH=T/2BK7=U]?&P


(:%?E4FSM:5N

M05?]3951%9+23KKX68MTZ8Z?AC#\0(T[#-E;$2Y5;=P4W721LW8_W!TY+8&X

T^O^&19^;








V9

MZ@EMZ ?.:1!DJRRB
@DO(.6 BH@)C/X[@H4@IRM693$7LE HDEBCWK[@/$+)
MIKKU#82Y8OZ8*V;





PS

M
-H

R46%+X@/L86Q=K1FF



MNA9M .*'JG%^C#U0ARC (/V




29PD]]#R^



NT$4L-)F
M]+!^U


K432!-(3V-S\^73/.N


0+&&8L6=M_*3(
M

]T
M^S-UFM2Z.;Y1.3S%F998?%VFKV.ZZ\#$V.]5[^?Z L







MR_.((2W6GA*

2W'BVFQ]FI@C&DY\&Q $(C*&W7C0T&]L^MW!-9. VTR\G5:

M8W0

7+\*23!

M$1_
:$IXK&;/FM;A@[IZY:/CTK9L_#9IIRL6:97L+Z.ST#$WO _+$T.KPJ

6QF6W/






O.M0GJ1&9WR

M[:2^(B3%4O'CS-)&Z



/U[+O)
%!J@-+J/_X@GO3@NUX

/%









M1=%H5X.9[:.LDB&SSHR.D%T_




UCS.G9)$4A^?)QSQQ:&/H2'CD\/A
M1'1\,4\.@S0#!(&(O9!B#Z2,POZ:G0<<M2$4Q2GBWMA[RIC6.X#@W;D^D #

^TR]A+]JE
WK[!L G];;TWTO_
0?;$P

MDO0J\E
T-O0$5'FC;U$1V[^BJ7T_#%;[9
(]11M&0RJVE

FA
M
A2%@\OKZ[K'M

EX

RUFIS?S\_ADV
81-CV
08-C&&37R!81-C


.%#;+U_D^TH+OV 6^9

4'I1N[7$[4?$!HB%OSPZS6I

MUY:NB1A;6//C:
PR0@:U)#M5E(/_O-KIR
MYM.DNB@\I=2,+2,W-[<XO8<!7L3H#QA.5ZR@P6S^.2;;W]HZ?8Y#E*0$/64I
M#\!B:E DMF<FL0P25'PD#TE*$2 ($7)0@?4N#Z/F;C
G8'EA[I6&:

E;$B





Z9Z






\'&1<Y(+'ZK&$WDF8<$\E! $7;QP%7
@Z%_EMX
-@@M?[@#&RH@=L??@C'KJM5S
M0

9R#D?_I.-!G_\5DQQ9RCMY/I11@\8-V4P?$]N
M#UL%CK/D0+M:]Q.NZW$YV8KK\CW!M45;).UU=&QHGNA+KBMW'5
!Y=+VU *Y


R+L

MJA(G!2*0Q6/D 1O4?F!!)




L^405@DA\15_

9K=
M77NPQ;JVAY.1./Q8QEA]&_COC KADCVG8E4'Y:N9L(
?




ME5]OYKOWSW::V7XMR/=P#3;\8#B;



P;C!]1YK2#L:;7.KGVMQPB

T(UFW:=/Q
M'JQIN+M*0D

AF*3\E5%&4+S(
M$UJ9K5[B45S/JX/B;U3\0_6GH,GW,?M#$W_'@7)X$7[B-A3 (OCHZLP7YW
MEW/!0BP-=KI:+_^#9;38.)UKR#LNM25





MR8]WE%Z9FV(FQCO*\8YRO*

+[YQ]
M=L*^.^$?GA1?=O2P1TL<AWK6#3_2Y_3E^;W@KI9U]<,=N1=7V4-@3=G.PZ
MXO)CPZM25E0^%.]XK8V=+;_VH92QW0!QH+7<V\0B.0NTMG;FK#N:LBDU#E2


MY]IAI-*2?;=1*YM^'!_+S8R1N;.VJL&]=P3% 5J#Z#J^I;;IXPN
GN$G:J0M

MYSH\R:*Z5 7V!2H







M4QG







NU_^X@_ _@NZM&^)9!II7]SW%(




M*
6KX-./(%I%,W2)23E[%.E/1U=^U$D**AH-TG/.Y9?JX
TJFY*DLB_(K2





M_&B#B0MP[\#N)S# ;AA[\1?V/T\@@?27_P]02P$% ,4     #/BR]22$+U
M+4SQ  !X;0P $0              @ $     8G)I9TR,#(P,3 S,YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     #/BR]2G#88^6$3  #3R@  $0              @ %[\0


M
C R
#$P
S!?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
^++U(ZV?#+2G   %(H!@ 5

4
M     #/BR]24/4@%W)(  # ^00 %0              @ &*O@$ 8G)I9TR
E
#(P
3 S


