

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-15-000786
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150116
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIDGFORD FOODS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000014177
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				951778176
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1103
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-02396
		FILM NUMBER:		15532796
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 N PATT ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3773
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7145265533
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 NORTH PATT STREET
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3773
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92803
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRIDGFORD PACKING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670307














Washington
 D.C. 20549








For the fiscal year ended October 31
 2014






















Anaheim
 California 92801



(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code)&nbsp;&nbsp;



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)&nbsp;of the Act: Common Stock
 par value $1.00 per share
 the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):












&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on April 18
 2014 was $17
183
000.

January 13
 2015
 there were&nbsp;9
112
165 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Portions of the registrant&#8217;s Proxy Statement for the registrant&#8217;s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held March 18
 2015 are incorporated by reference into Part&nbsp;III
 Items 10-14 of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K.

































































Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

















































Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 














Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 






































This Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section&nbsp;27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section&nbsp;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Bridgford Foods Corporation intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. Readers are cautioned that such statements
anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; and similar expressions
 are only predictions or estimations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 statements regarding the following: general economic and business conditions; the impact of competitive product and pricing; success of operating initiatives; development and operating costs; advertising and promotional efforts; adverse publicity; acceptance of new product offerings; consumer trial and frequency; changes in business strategy or development plans; availability
 terms and deployment of capital; availability of qualified personnel; commodity
 labor
 and employee benefit costs; changes in
 or failure to comply with
 government regulations; weather conditions; construction schedules; and other factors referenced in this Report.

The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding our business
 which involve judgments with respect to
 among other things
 future economic and competitive conditions
 and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as representation by us or any other person that the objectives or plans of our company will be achieved. The forward-looking statements contained herein speak as of the date of this Report and we undertake no obligation to update such statements after the date hereof.



Bridgford Foods Corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries
 &#8220;Bridgford&#8221;
 the &#8220;Company&#8221;
 &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;)
 a California corporation
 was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. For more than the past five years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated
 and snack food products throughout the United States.&nbsp;Bridgford Foods Corporation has not been involved in any bankruptcy
 receivership
 or similar proceedings since inception nor have we been party to any merger
 acquisition
 etc. or acquired or disposed of any material amounts of assets during the past five years. Substantially all of our assets have been acquired in the ordinary course of business. We have had no significant change in the type of products produced or distributed
 nor in the markets we serve.





The following table shows sales
 as a percentage of consolidated sales
 for each of these segments for each of the last two fiscal years:



















































We manufacture and distribute an extensive line of food products
 including biscuits
 bread dough items
 roll dough items
 dry sausage products
 beef jerky
 and a variety of sandwiches and sliced luncheon meats. The products we purchase for resale include a variety of cheeses
 salads
 party dips
 Mexican foods
 pastries
 and other delicatessen type food products.














Products manufactured
 processed or packaged by Bridgford










































Although we have recently introduced several new products
 most of these products have not contributed significantly to our revenue growth for the 2014&nbsp;fiscal year. Our sales are not subject to material seasonal variations. Historically we have been able to respond quickly to the receipt of orders and
 accordingly
 do not maintain a significant sales backlog. Bridgford Foods Corporation and its industry generally have no unusual demands or restrictions on working capital items. During the last fiscal year we did not enter into any new markets or any significant contractual or other material relationships.



We maintain an Internet website at http://www.bridgford.com.&nbsp;&nbsp;Available on this website
 free of charge
 are annual reports on Form&nbsp;10-K
 quarterly reports on Form&nbsp;10-Q
 and reports filed under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our Code of Conduct is also available on the website.



Our products are delivered to customers using several distinct distribution channels.&nbsp;&nbsp;The distribution channel utilized is dependent upon the needs of our customers
 the most efficient proximity to the delivery point
 trade customs
 operating segment as well as product type
 life and stability.&nbsp;&nbsp;Among our customers are many of the country&#8217;s largest broadline and specialty food service distributors. These and other large end purchasers occasionally go through extensive qualification procedures and&nbsp;our manufacturing capabilities are subjected to thorough review by the end purchasers prior to our approval as a vendor. Large end purchasers typically select suppliers that can consistently meet increased volume requirements on a national basis during peak promotional periods. We believe that our&nbsp;manufacturing flexibility
 national presence
 and long-standing customer relationships should allow us to compete effectively with other manufacturers seeking to provide similar products to our current large food service end purchasers
 although no assurances can be given.

The factors that contribute to higher or lower margins generated from each method of distribution depend upon the accepted selling price
 level of involvement by our employees in setting up and maintaining displays
 distance traveled and fuel consumed by our company-owned fleet as well as freight and shipping costs depending on the distance the product travels to the delivery point.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management is continually evaluating the profitability of product delivery methods
 analyzing alternate methods and weighing economic inputs to determine the most efficient and cost effective method of delivery to fulfill the needs of our customers.





Our frozen food products&nbsp;division serves both food service and retail customers. Approximately 160 unique frozen food products are sold through wholesalers
 cooperatives
 and distributors to approximately 21
0 retail outlets and 24
000 restaurants and institutions.



The food service industry is composed of establishments that serve food outside the home and includes restaurants
 the food operations of health care providers
 schools
 hotels
 resorts
 corporations
 and other traditional and non-traditional food service outlets. Growth in this industry has been driven by the increase in away-from-home meal preparation
 which has accompanied the expanding number of both dual income and single-parent households. Another trend within the food service industry is the growth in the number of non-traditional food service outlets such as convenience stores
 retail stores
 and supermarkets. These non-traditional locations often lack extensive cooking
 storage
 or preparation facilities resulting in a need for pre-cooked and prepared foods similar to those we provide. The expansion in the food service industry has also been accompanied by the continued consolidation and growth of broadline and specialty food service distributors
 many of which are long-standing customers.



The majority of our existing and targeted retail customers are involved in the resale of branded and private label packaged foods. The same trends which have contributed to the increase in away-from-home meal preparation have also fueled the growth&nbsp;in easy to prepare
 microwaveable frozen and refrigerated convenience foods. Among the fastest growing segments is the frozen and refrigerated hand-held foods market. This growth has been driven by improved product quality and variety and the increasing need for inexpensive and healthy food items that require minimal preparation. Despite rapid growth
 many categories of frozen and refrigerated hand-held foods have achieved minimal household penetration.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe we have been successful in establishing and maintaining supply relationships with certain selected leading retailers in this market.









Our frozen food business covers the United States and Canada.&nbsp;&nbsp;Products produced by the Frozen Food Products segment are generally supplied to food service and retail distributors who take title to the product upon shipment receipt through company leased long-haul vehicles.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition to regional sales managers
 we maintain a network of independent food service and retail brokers covering most of the United States as well as Canada. Brokers are compensated on a commission basis. We believe that our broker relationships
 in close cooperation with our regional sales managers
 are a valuable asset providing significant new product and customer opportunities. Regional sales managers perform several significant functions for us
 including identifying and developing new business opportunities and providing customer service and support to our distributors and end purchasers through the effective use of our broker network.





&nbsp;Through the end of fiscal 2014
 our direct store delivery network consisted of two separate divisions
 refrigerated and non-refrigerated snack food products. Refrigerated snack food products were distributed through eight different regions located in the southwest
 primarily operating in California
 Arizona
 and Nevada. By the end of fiscal 2014
 we ceased refrigerated snack food product distribution because of continued net losses. 

During fiscal 2014
 our refrigerated and snack food products division sold approximately 220 different items through customer owned distribution centers and a direct store delivery network serving approximately 18
000 supermarkets
 mass merchandise and convenience retail stores located in 49 states and Canada. By the end of fiscal 2014
 we also ceased our route distribution operations in Canada as a cost cutting measure to concentrate on our core route business in the United States. 









Non-refrigerated snack food products are distributed across the United States. Regional sales managers perform several significant functions including identifying and developing new business opportunities and providing customer service and support to our customers. We also utilize the services of brokers
 where appropriate
 to support efficient product distribution and customer satisfaction.



We continually monitor the consumer acceptance of each product within our extensive product line. Individual products are regularly added to and deleted from our product line. Historically
 the addition or deletion of any individual product has not had a material effect on our operations in the current fiscal year. We believe that a key factor in the success of our products is our system of carefully targeted research and testing of our products to ensure high quality and that each product matches an identified market opportunity. The emphasis in new product introductions in the past several years has been in single service items. We are constantly searching to develop new products to complement our existing product lines and improve processing techniques and formulas. We utilize an in-house test kitchen and consultants to research and experiment&nbsp;with unique food preparation methods
 improve quality control and analyze new ingredient mixtures.









Our products are sold under highly competitive conditions. All food products can be considered competitive with other food products
 but we consider our principal competitors to include national
 regional and local producers and distributors of refrigerated
 frozen and non-refrigerated snack food products. Several of our competitors include large companies with substantially greater financial and marketing resources than ours. Existing competitors may broaden their product lines and potential competitors may enter or increase their focus on our market
 resulting in greater competition for us. We believe that our products compete favorably with those of our competitors. Such competitors&#8217; products compete against ours for retail shelf space
 institutional distribution and customer preference.



Our operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the United States Department of Agriculture (the &#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 and by other federal
 state
 and local authorities regarding the processing
 packaging
 storage
 transportation
 distribution
 and labeling of products that we manufacture
 produce and process.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our processing facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal
 state
 and local authorities.&nbsp;&nbsp;The USDA has issued strict regulations concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat meat and poultry products and contamination by food borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella
 and&nbsp;implemented a&nbsp;system of regulation known as the Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (&#8220;HACCP&#8221;) program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants to develop and implement sanitary operating procedures and other program requirements.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that we are currently in compliance with governmental laws and regulations and that we maintain the necessary permits and licenses relating to our meat operations.

The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) oversees safety compliance and establishes certain employer responsibilities to help assure safe and healthful working conditions and keep the workplace free of recognized hazards or practices likely to cause death or serious injury.&nbsp;&nbsp; Failure to comply with regulations of OSHA could adversely affect our results of operations. We resolved prior OSHA matters favorably and no&nbsp;unpaid OSHA penalties are&nbsp;outstanding as of October 31
 2014.

To date
 federal
 state
 and local environmental laws and regulations
 including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment
 have not had a material effect on our business.



Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 28.8% of revenues in fiscal 2014 and 31.8% of total&nbsp;accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 31
 2014. Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 19.6% of revenues in fiscal 2013 and 17.0% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at November 1
 2013. Sales to Dollar General&#174; comprised 9.9% of revenues for fiscal year 2013 and 20.7% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General at November 1
 2013. 



We purchase large quantities of pork
 beef
 and flour.&nbsp;&nbsp;These ingredients are generally available from a number of different suppliers although the availability of these ingredients is subject to seasonal variation.&nbsp;&nbsp;We build ingredient inventories to take advantage of downward trends in seasonal prices or anticipated supply limitations.





We had 487 employees at October 31
 2014
 approximately 41% of whose employment relationship is governed by collective bargaining agreements. These agreements currently expire between March 2014 and&nbsp;March 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our relationship with all of our employees is favorable and contracts will be settled favorably. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we closed the refrigerated snack food products division and withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan
 terminating approximately 44 employees. 









The names
 ages
 and positions of all our executive officers as of January&nbsp;16
 2015 are listed below. Messrs.&nbsp;Hugh Wm. Bridgford and Allan L. Bridgford are brothers. William L. Bridgford is the son of Hugh Wm. Bridgford and the nephew of Allan L. Bridgford. Officers are normally appointed annually by the board of directors at their meeting immediately following the annual meeting of shareholders. Three executive officers are full-time employees of our company
&nbsp;Allan L. Bridgford and Hugh Wm Bridgford worked 60% of full time during fiscal 2014. Allan L. Bridgford reduced his schedule to 50% of full time effective November 1
 2014.



































































Chief Financial Officer
 Executive Vice President
 Treasurer and member of the Executive Committee




In addition to the other matters set forth in this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
 the continuing operations and the price of our common stock are subject to the following risks
 each of which could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;The risks described below are only the risks that we currently believe are material to our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 additional risks not presently known
 or risks that are currently believed to be immaterial
 may also impair our business operations.

We are subject to general risks in the food industry
 including
 among other things
&nbsp;risk relating to changes in consumer preferences and product&nbsp;contamination as well as general&nbsp;economic conditions
 any of which risks
 if realized
 could negatively impact our operating results and financial position.

The food industry
 and the markets within the food industry in which we compete
 are subject to various risks
 including the following: evolving consumer preferences
 nutritional and health-related concerns
 federal
 state and local food inspection and processing controls
 consumer product liability claims
 risks of product tampering
 and the availability and expense of liability insurance. The meat and poultry industries are subject to scrutiny due to the association of meat and poultry products with recent outbreaks of illness
 and on rare occasions even death
 caused by food borne pathogens. Product recalls are sometimes required in the food industry to withdraw contaminated or mislabeled products from the market.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 the failure to identify and react appropriately to changes in consumer trends
 demands and preferences could lead to
 among other things
 reduced demand and price reduction for our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
 we may be adversely affected by changes in domestic or foreign economic conditions
 including inflation or deflation
 interest rates
 availability of capital markets
 consumer spending rates
 and energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges).&nbsp;&nbsp;These and other general risks related to the food industry
 if realized by us
 could have a significant adverse effect on demand for our products
 as well as the costs and availability of raw materials
 ingredients and packaging materials
 thereby negatively affecting our operating results and financial position.



We purchase large quantities of commodity pork
 beef
 and flour. Historically
 market prices for products we process have fluctuated in response to a number of factors
 including changes in the United States government farm support programs
 changes in international agricultural and trading policies
 weather
 and other conditions during the growing and harvesting seasons. Our operating results are heavily dependent upon the prices paid for raw materials. The marketing of our value-added products does not lend itself to instantaneous changes in selling prices. Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare with the volatility of commodity markets.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;While fluctuations in significant cost structure components
 such as ingredient commodities and fuel prices
 have had a significant impact on profitability over the last three years
 the impact of general price inflation on our financial position and results of operations has not been significant. Future volatility of general price inflation or deflation and raw material cost and availability could adversely affect our financial results.



Our operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the United States Department of Agriculture (the &#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 and by other federal
 state
 and local authorities regarding the processing
 packaging
 storage
 transportation
 distribution
 and labeling of products that are manufactured
 produced and processed by us. Our processing facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal
 state
 and local authorities. The USDA has issued strict policies concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat meat and poultry products and contamination by food borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella
 and established a system of regulation known as the Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (&#8220;HACCP&#8221;) program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants to develop and implement sanitary operating procedures and other program requirements. We believe that we are currently in compliance with governmental laws and regulations and that we maintain necessary permits and licenses relating to our meat operations.







A failure to obtain or a loss of necessary permits and licenses could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand and could adversely affect our operating performance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
 we are routinely subject to new or modified laws
 regulations and accounting standards.&nbsp;&nbsp;If found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
 or asset seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results.

We depend on our key management
 the loss of which could negatively impact our operations.

Our executive officers and certain other key employees have been primarily responsible for the development and expansion of our business
 and the loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could adversely affect us.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our success will be dependent in part upon our continued ability to recruit
 motivate
 and retain qualified personnel. We cannot assure that we will be successful in this regard. We have no employment or non-competition agreements with key personnel.



We could suffer significant reductions in revenues and operating incomes if we lost one or more of our largest customers
 including Wal-Mart&#174;
 which accounted for 28.8% of sales in fiscal year 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Many of our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs
 and food distributors have consolidated in recent years.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such consolidation has produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories while demanding lower pricing and increased promotional programs. These customers also may use their shelf space for their own private label products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Failure to respond to these trends could reduce our volume and cause us to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our product lines which could adversely affect our profitability.

With more than 80% concentration of beneficial ownership of our stock held by the Bridgford family
 there are risks that they can exert significant influence or control over our corporate matters.

Members of the Bridgford family beneficially own
 in the aggregate
 more than 80% of our outstanding stock. In addition
 three members of the Bridgford family currently serve on the Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 members of the Bridgford family have the ability to exert substantial influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by our shareholders
 including amendments to by-laws
 election and removal of directors
 any proposed merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions.&nbsp;&nbsp;This concentration of ownership may also delay or prevent a change in control otherwise favored by our other shareholders and could depress our stock price. Additionally
 as a result of the Bridgford family&#8217;s significant ownership of the outstanding voting stock
 we have relied on the &#8220;controlled company&#8221; exemption from certain corporate governance requirements of the NASDAQ stock market. Therefore
 among other things
 we have elected not to implement the rule&nbsp;that provides for a nominating committee to identify and recommend nominees to the Board of Directors and have instead elected to have the full Board of Directors perform such function.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 pursuant to this exemption
 our compensation committee
 which is made up of independent directors
 does not have sole authority to determine the compensation of our executive officers
 including our Chairman of the Board.



We participate in &#8220;multiemployer&#8221; pension plans administered by labor unions on behalf of their employees. We pay union dues monthly
 a portion of which is used to fund pension benefit obligations to plan participants. The contribution amount may change depending upon the ability of participating companies to fund these pension liabilities as well as the actual and expected returns on pension plan assets. Should we withdraw from the union and cease participation in a union plan
 federal law could impose a penalty for additional contributions to the plan. The penalty would be recorded as an expense in the consolidated statement of operations. The ultimate amount of the withdrawal liability is dependent upon several factors including the funded status of the plan and contributions made by other participating companies. During fiscal 2014
 we withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan and recorded an estimated pension expense and a corresponding non-current liability of $798 related to this plan. The ultimate amount paid may differ from this estimate due to the factors stated above. We continue to participate in other multiemployer union plans. In the event of a full or partial withdrawal from these plans
 the impact to our financial statements could be material.































Anaheim
 California ***











Dallas
 Texas *











Dallas
 Texas *











Dallas
 Texas *











Dallas
 Texas *











Statesville
 North Carolina *











Chicago
 Illinois **





















We utilize the foregoing properties for processing
 warehousing
 distributing and administrative purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company also leases warehouse and/or office facilities throughout the United States and Canada through month-to-month rental agreements.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our properties are generally adequate to satisfy our foreseeable needs. Additional properties may be acquired and/or plants expanded if favorable opportunities and conditions arise.&nbsp;



No material legal proceedings were pending against us at October 31
 2014 or as of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K. We are likely to be subject to claims arising from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. In certain of such actions
 plaintiffs may request punitive or other damages that may not be covered by insurance and
 accordingly
 no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of any such possible future claims or litigation or their effect on us. Any adverse litigation trends and outcomes could significantly and negatively affect our financial results.













Item 5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



































































































































































On November 12
 2012
 Bridgford Foods Corporation issued a press release announcing that its Board of Directors had approved a one-time cash dividend of $0.05 per share of common stock which was distributed on December 24
 2012 to shareholders of record on November 27
 2012.

On January&nbsp;13
 2015
 the closing sale price for our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market was $7.21 per share. As of January&nbsp;13
 2015
 there were&nbsp;839 shareholders of record in our common stock.

The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our&nbsp;Board of Directors and will depend upon future earnings
 financial requirements
 and other factors.



During the period covered by this Report we did not sell or issue any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.









During fiscal year 2014
 we repurchased an aggregate of 19
688 shares of our common stock for $184
117 pursuant to our repurchase plan previously authorized by the Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following table provides information regarding our repurchases of common stock in each of the four periods comprising the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014.






























July 12
 2014 &#8211; August 8
 2014 



















August 9
 2014 &#8211; September 5
 2014 





















September 6
 2014 &#8211; October 3
 2014





















October 4
 2014 &#8211; October 31
 2014

















































The periods shown are our fiscal periods during the sixteen-week quarter ended October 31
&nbsp;2014. 






All repurchases reflected in the foregoing table were made on the open market.&nbsp; Our stock repurchase program was approved by the Board of Directors in November 1999 (1
500
000 shares authorized
 disclosed in a Form 10-K filed on January 26
 2000) and was expanded in June 2005 (500
000 additional shares authorized
 disclosed in a press release and Form 8-K filed&nbsp;on June 17
 2005).&nbsp; Under the stock repurchase program
 we are authorized
 at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors
 to purchase up to an aggregate of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock on the open market.&nbsp; Our Stock Purchase Plan (&#8220;Purchase Plan&#8221;) is administered by Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (&#8220;CGM&#8221;) for purchase of shares of common stock (&#8220;Stock&#8221;) issued by us in compliance with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;).&nbsp; Commencing on October 15
 2014 and continuing through and including October 14
 2015
 CGM shall act as our exclusive agent to purchase Stock under the Purchase Plan.&nbsp; This Purchase Plan supplements any purchases of stock by us &#8220;outside&#8221; of the Purchase Plan
 which may occur from time to time
 in open market transactions pursuant to Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The daily purchase quantity is defined as a number of shares up to
 but not to exceed
 each day&#8217;s applicable Rule 10b-18 maximum volume limit (i.e. 25% of the prior four calendar weeks&#8217; average daily trading volume); however
 once per week a block of stock may be purchased that exceeds the Rule 10b-18 average daily trading volume condition
 provided that no other Purchase Plan purchases are made on any day on&nbsp;which such a block is purchased.&nbsp; As of October&nbsp;31
 2014
 the total maximum number of shares that may be purchased under the Purchase Plan is 157
700 at a purchase price not to exceed $10.00 per share for a total maximum aggregate price (exclusive of commission) of $1
577
000.













For a complete understanding
 this Management&#39;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Report.

Certain statements under &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and elsewhere in this Report constitute &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors which may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of Bridgford Foods Corporation to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include
 among others
 the following: general economic and business conditions; the impact of competitive products and pricing; success of operating initiatives; development and operating costs; advertising and promotional efforts; adverse publicity; acceptance of new product offerings; consumer trial and frequency; changes in business strategy or development plans; availability
 terms and deployment of capital; availability of qualified personnel; commodity
 labor
 and employee benefit costs; changes in
 or failure to comply with
 government regulations; weather conditions; construction schedules; and other factors referenced in this Report.



Fiscal Year Ended October 31
 2014 (52 weeks) Compared to Fiscal Year Ended November 1
 2013 (52 weeks)



Net sales in fiscal 2014 increased&nbsp;$4
398 (3.4%) when compared to the prior year.&nbsp;&nbsp;The changes in net sales&nbsp;were comprised as follows:

















































































Unit sales volume in pounds in fiscal 2014 increased significantly in the Refrigerated and Snack Food Products segment. Overall
 the decrease in selling price per pound in fiscal 2014 primarily relates to product mix changes as discussed in the segment analysis below. Returns activity and&nbsp;promotional spending increased compared to the prior year on a&nbsp;consolidated basis. 



























































































Net sales
 excluding intersegment sales
&nbsp;in the Refrigerated and Snack Food Products segment in fiscal 2014 increased $5
107 (6.6%) compared to the prior year. The changes in net sales were comprised as follows:





















































































Cost of products sold in fiscal 2014 increased $11
178 (13.4%) compared to the prior year







Cost of products sold in the Refrigerated and Snack Food Products segment increased by $11
285 (21.7%) during the 2014 fiscal year compared to the prior year due to higher unit sales volume. The cost of significant meat commodities increased approximately $5
504 during fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year. The gross margin earned in this segment decreased from 34.1% to 23.8% due primarily to higher meat commodity costs and high volume low margin product sales.

Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses-Consolidated

Selling
 general and administrative expenses (SG&amp;A)&nbsp;in fiscal 2014 increased $737 (1.7%) when compared to the prior year.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in this category did not directly correspond to the change in sales.

























































































































































































































During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we closed the refrigerated snack food products division&nbsp;(a division within the Refrigerated and Snack Food Segment involving primarily deli products)&nbsp;and withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan. According to the Multi-employer Pension Plan Act of 1980 we are subject to the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Fund Withdrawal Liability. The decrease in pension expense (non-Teamster) was caused by an increase in the pension liability discount rate. Healthcare costs have increased due to recent unfavorable claim activity. The increase in depreciation expense was due to significant vehicle purchases in recent years. The decrease in fuel expense was driven by lower cost per gallon as compared to the prior year. The cash surrender value gain on life insurance policies decreased due to less favorable changes in the underlying equities that support them compared to fiscal 2013. Lower profits and profit sharing accruals resulted in lower wages and bonus in fiscal year 2014 compared to the prior year and the closing of our refrigerated snack food products division. Higher insurance expense relates to unfavorable trends in renewal rates. Repairs and maintenance decreased due to replacement of vehicles in the Company&#8217;s fleet as well as closing the delivery route business concentrated in California. The Company&#8217;s workers&#8217; compensation expense decreased in fiscal 2014 as a result of favorable claim trends compared to the prior year. The increase in outside consultants related primarily to legal fees and settlements with former employees. None of the changes individually or as a group of expenses in &#8220;Other SG&amp;A&#8221; were significant enough in value to merit separate disclosure. The major components comprising the decrease of &#8220;Other SG&amp;A&#8221; were higher outside storage and postage expenses. 

Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses-Frozen Food Products Segment



Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses-Refrigerated and Snack Food Products Segment

SG&amp;A expenses in the Refrigerated and Snack Food Products segment increased by $1
657 (6.4%) in fiscal year 2014 compared to the prior fiscal year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Higher payments under labor commissions and licensing agreements
 higher property and liability insurance
 higher product advertising costs and depreciation for new vehicles led to the increase in SG&amp;A expenses compared to the prior year. The increase in SG&amp;A expenses was also related to the increase in sales
 increased cost for healthcare and higher outside storage costs. 



The effective income tax rate was 2.0% and 5.5% in fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2014 tax benefit of $88 relates to the reduction in the liability on unrecognized tax benefits related to research and development tax credits being carried forward due to utilization of a net operating loss. In fiscal year 2014
 the effective income tax rate differed from the applicable mixed statutory rate of approximately 39.6% primarily due to recording a full valuation allowance of $1
598 (refer to Note 4 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements) on our deferred tax assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2013 provision for taxes on income of $169 consists of minimum federal and state income taxes. 

The Company policy outlines measurable objective criteria that must be met before a release of the valuation allowance will occur.&nbsp;&nbsp;The three criteria set forth in the policy must all be satisfied before the valuation allowance can be reversed.&nbsp;&nbsp;The criteria are as follows: first
 the Company&#8217;s available federal tax net operating loss (NOL) must be zero; second
 the prior thirty-six month cumulative book basis pre-tax income (loss)
 after considering &#8220;one-time&#8221; events
 is positive;&nbsp;third
 the Company considers its outlook of near term continued profitable operations and assesses any material negative and positive trends or events on the immediate horizon.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of October 31
 2014
 the Company (1) has a federal tax NOL of $6
160
 (2) has positive thirty-six month cumulative book income and (3) volatility and recent record highs in commodity costs create uncertainty about the Company&#39;s ability to generate future earnings.&nbsp;&nbsp;Only the second criterion has been satisfied
 therefore
 the Company will maintain a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of October 31
 2014.

Due to the degree of judgment involved
 actual taxable income could differ materially from management&#39;s estimates
 or the timing of taxable income could be such that the net operating losses could expire prior to their utilization.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management could determine in the future that the assets are realizable
 materially increasing net income in one or many periods. Following recognition
 management could reinstate a full valuation allowance should operating performance decline.



The principal source of our operating cash flow is cash receipts from the sale of our products
 net of costs to manufacture
 store
 market and deliver to customers. The Company temporarily borrowed on the line of credit during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 to provide capital to pay for operating expenses including payments to meat suppliers with seven or less day terms. The Company paid approximately $7.4 million more dollars for the same commodities in fiscal 2014 as compared to their cost in fiscal 2013. There were no borrowings outstanding under this line of credit as of October 31
 2014. The Company is currently in compliance with all provisions of the line of credit&nbsp;agreement. We typically fund our operations from cash balances and cash flow generated from operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;We normally expect positive operating cash flows in the first quarter of our fiscal year from the liquidation of inventory and accounts receivable balances related to holiday season sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;We typically build inventories in the third quarter for anticipated holiday season sales that occur in the fourth and first quarters.&nbsp;&nbsp;Anticipated commodity price trends may also affect cash balances.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain commodities may be purchased in advance of our immediate needs to lower the ultimate cost of processing.

































































































Gain on sale of property
 plant and equipment












Deferred income taxes
 net























































For the fifty-two weeks ended October 31
 2014
 net cash used in operating activities was $4
021
 a decrease of $7
781 compared to the&nbsp;fifty-two weeks ended November 1
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The decrease is primarily related to&nbsp;an increase in inventory in the Refrigerated and Snack Food Products segment as well as an increase in accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses.&nbsp;&nbsp; During fiscal year 2014 we funded $1
587 towards our defined benefit pension plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;Plan funding strategies may be adjusted depending upon economic conditions
 investment options
 tax deductibility
 or recent legislative changes in funding requirements.

Our cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory and trade receivables less days of trade payables outstanding) is relatively quick
 and was equal to 57 days for the fifty-two weeks ended October 31
 2014 and 61 days for the fifty-two weeks ended November 1
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;Compared with the prior year
 the favorable impact on the 2014 cash conversion cycle resulted from lower days of inventory
 primarily due to a selloff of inventory in the&nbsp;Refrigerated and Snack Food Products segment&nbsp;to provide a source of cash to cover payments to meat commodity suppliers at record high prices. 

For the fifty-two weeks ended November 1
 2013
 net cash provided by our operating activities was $3
. During fiscal year 2013
 we funded $1
922 towards our defined benefit pension plan.






















Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment










Additions to property
 plant and equipment




























Expenditures for property
 plant and equipment include the acquisition of new equipment
 upgrading of facilities to maintain operating efficiency and investments in cost effective technologies to lower costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;In general
 we capitalize the cost of additions and improvements and expense the cost for repairs and maintenance.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company may also capitalize costs related to improvements that extend the life
 increase the capacity
 or improve the efficiency of existing machinery and equipment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Specifically
 capitalization of upgrades of facilities to maintain operating efficiency include acquisitions of machinery and equipment used on packaging lines and refrigeration equipment used to process food products.







The table below highlights the additions to property
 plant and equipment for the fifty-two weeks ended:












October 31
 




November 1
 

































































































Additions to property
 plant and equipment



















































































Our stock repurchase program was approved by the Board of Directors in November 1999 and was expanded in June 2005.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the stock repurchase program
 we are authorized
 at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors
 to purchase up to an aggregate of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock on the open market.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of the end of fiscal year 2014
 157
700 shares were still authorized for repurchase under the program.&nbsp;&nbsp;A one-time cash dividend of five cents per share of common stock was approved on November 12
 2012 to shareholders of record on November 27
 2012
 payable on December 24
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;

We invested in transportation equipment during fiscal 2012 financed by a capital lease obligation in the amount of $1
848.&nbsp;&nbsp;The term of the lease is six years.&nbsp;&nbsp;The total capital lease obligation remaining as of October 31
 2014 is $1
345.&nbsp;&nbsp;The capital lease arrangement replaces the long-standing month-to-month leases of transportation equipment.

We maintain a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. that expires on March 1
 2015. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we converted our line of credit to a borrowing base line collateralized by accounts receivable. Under the terms of this line of credit
 we may borrow up to $6
500 at an interest rate equal to the bank&#8217;s prime rate. The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth and a minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures less than $3
000. The Company was in violation of the capital expenditure covenant which was waived (letter dated December 17
 2013) at October 31
 2014. The Company was also in violation of the tangible net worth and net income covenants which were waived (letter dated December 24
 2014) at October 31
 2014. The Company temporarily borrowed on the line of credit during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 to pay for working capital purposes. There were no borrowings under this line of credit as of October 31
 2014. Other than noted above
 the Company is currently in compliance with all provisions of the agreement.



Our operating results are heavily dependent upon the prices paid for raw materials.&nbsp;&nbsp;The marketing of our value-added products does not lend itself to instantaneous changes in selling prices.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare with the volatility of commodity markets.&nbsp;&nbsp;While fluctuations in significant cost structure components
 such as ingredient commodities and fuel prices
 have had a significant impact on profitability over the last two fiscal years
 the impact of general price inflation on our financial position and results of operations has not been significant.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 future volatility of general price inflation or deflation and raw material cost and availability could adversely affect our financial results.















We temporarily utilized interest bearing debt (excluding capital leases) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 to provide capital to pay for operating expenses including payments to meat suppliers with seven or less day terms. As of October 31
 2014 we had no outstanding balance on the line of credit or any other debt or other contractual obligations.



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for self-insured workers&#8217; compensation
 employee healthcare and pension benefits are especially subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts not originally estimated.&nbsp;&nbsp;We record promotional and returns allowances and bad debt and inventory&nbsp;allowances based on recent and historical trends. Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the time.

Disclosure concerning our policies on credit risk
 revenue recognition
 cash surrender or contract value for life insurance policies
 deferred income tax and the recoverability of our long-lived assets are provided in Notes 1 and 4 of Notes&nbsp;to the Consolidated Financial Statements.



Various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements
 interpretations and exposure drafts. For information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact
 if any
 on our financial position or results of operations
 see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.























Our management
 with the participation and under the supervision of our Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule&nbsp;13a-15(e))&nbsp;&nbsp;as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on this evaluation
 the Chairman and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report in their design and operation to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 and&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s rules&nbsp;and forms to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

Our management
 including our Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within&nbsp;the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the control.

The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time
 a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

We maintain and evaluate a system of internal accounting controls
 and a program designed to provide reasonable assurance that our assets are protected and that transactions are performed in accordance with proper authorization
 and are properly recorded. This system of internal accounting controls is continually reviewed and modified in response to evolving business conditions and operations and to recommendations made by our independent registered public accounting firm.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have established a code of conduct.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our management believes that the accounting and internal control systems provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and financial information is reliable.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly with our financial management and counsel
 and with the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us.&nbsp;&nbsp;Internal accounting controls and the quality of financial reporting are discussed during these meetings. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm matters required to be discussed by Statement of Auditing Standards No.&nbsp;114 (Communication with Audit Committees). In addition
 the Audit Committee and the independent registered public accounting firm have discussed the independent registered public accounting firm&#8217;s independence from our Company and its management
 including the matters in the written disclosures required by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526 &#8220;Communicating with Audit Committees Concerning Independence&#8221;.



There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter covered by this Report that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



In order to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Act&#8221;)
 we have undertaken and continue a comprehensive effort
 which includes the documentation and review of our internal controls. In order to comply with the Act
 we centralized most accounting and many administrative functions at our corporate headquarters in an effort to control the cost of maintaining our control systems.

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 signed into law by the President on July 21
 2010
 permanently exempts small public companies with less than $75 million in market capitalization
 such as the Company
&nbsp;from the requirement to obtain an external audit on the effectiveness of internal financial reporting controls provided in Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result
 an attestation report on internal controls over financial reporting by an independent











Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and related COSO guidance. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for our fiscal year ended October 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on management&#8217;s assessment and the above-referenced criteria
 management believes that the internal control over financial reporting for our fiscal year ended October 31
 2014 was effective.













Item&nbsp;10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Information set forth in the sections entitled &#8220;Proposal 1 &#8211; Election of Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Section&nbsp;16(a)&nbsp;Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 18
 2015 is incorporated herein by reference. Information concerning our executive officers is set forth in Part&nbsp;I
 Item 1
 hereof under the heading &#8220;Executive Officers of the Registrant&#8221;.



Information set forth in the section entitled &#8220;Compensation of Executive Officers&#8221; contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 18
 2015 is incorporated herein by reference.



Information set forth in the section entitled &#8220;Principal Shareholders and Management&#8221; contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 18
 2015 is incorporated herein by reference.



Not applicable
 as we do not have any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.

Item&nbsp;13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

Information set forth in the sections entitled &#8220;Proposal 1 &#8211; Election of Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions&#8221; contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 18
 2015 is incorporated herein by reference.

We are considered a &#8220;controlled company&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 5615(c)(1) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules based on the more than 80% beneficial ownership of&nbsp;&nbsp;our outstanding common stock by Bridgford Industries Incorporated and are therefore exempted from various NASDAQ Listing&nbsp;Rules pertaining to certain &#8220;independence&#8221; requirements of our directors. Nevertheless
 the Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Andrews
 Scott and Zippwald
 who together comprise the Audit Committee
 are all &#8220;independent directors&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ Listing Rules.

Our general legal counsel is the son of the former senior chairman of the board of directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;As legal counsel to the board
 he currently is paid a fee of one thousand eight hundred dollars&nbsp;for each meeting attended. Total fees paid under this arrangement for fiscal year 2014 were approximately twenty-one thousand dollars. Legal services are performed on our behalf and billed by a firm in which he is a partner.&nbsp;&nbsp;Total fees billed under this arrangement for fiscal year 2014 were approximately one thousand dollars.

Director Allan Bridgford Jr.
 son of the former senior chairman of the board of directors
 is providing consulting services to the Chicago plant and management.&nbsp;&nbsp;The contract on behalf of the Company with Allan Bridgford Jr. is for consulting services at twelve hundred dollars per day.&nbsp;&nbsp;Total fees billed under this arrangement for fiscal year 2014 were approximately $173
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a member of the board of directors
 he was paid a fee of one thousand eight hundred dollars&nbsp;for each meeting attended during fiscal 2014. Total fees paid under this arrangement for fiscal year 2014 were $8
800. He was reappointed as Director as of January 12
 2015.




 contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 18
 2015 is incorporated herein by reference.































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October&nbsp;31
 2014 and November 1
 2013




Consolidated Statements of Operations for years ended October&nbsp;31
 2014 and November 1
 2013




Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)&nbsp;for years ended October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013




Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#8217; Equity for years ended&nbsp;October 31
and November 1
 2013




Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013































Restated Articles of Incorporation
 dated December 29
 1989 (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).






Amendment to Articles of Incorporation
 dated July 27
 1990 (filed as Exhibit 3.6 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).






By-laws
 as amended (filed as Exhibit 2 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).






Certificate of Amendment to By-laws (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K on October 10
 2007 and incorporated herein by reference).






Bridgford Foods Corporation Defined Benefit Pension Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*






Bridgford Foods Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*






Bridgford Foods Corporation Deferred Compensation Savings Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*




















Certification of Principal Executive Officer
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






Certification of Principal Financial Officer
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Executive Officer).






Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Financial Officer).















































&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;* Each of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract
 compensatory plan or arrangement.
**&nbsp;The XBRL information is being furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of Section&nbsp;18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise&nbsp;is not subject to liability under these Sections or otherwise incorporated by reference.









Pursuant to the requirements of Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



































Date: January 16
 2015



We
 the undersigned directors and officers of Bridgford Foods Corporation
 do hereby constitute and appoint William L. Bridgford and Raymond F. Lancy
 or either of them
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 our true and lawful attorneys and agents
 to do any and all acts and things in our name and behalf in our capacities as directors and officers and to execute any and all instruments for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below
 which said attorneys and agents
 or either of them
 or their substitutes
 may deem necessary or advisable to enable said corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and any rules
 regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
 including specifically
 but without limitation
 power and authority to sign for us or any of us in our names and in the capacities indicated below
 any and all amendments; and we do hereby ratify and confirm all that the said attorneys and agents
 or either of them
 shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 


































January 16
 2015
































January 16
 2015
































January 16
 2015























Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President
 Treasurer &amp; Director



January 16
 2015
































January 16
 2015




























 2015






















January 16
 2015
































January 16
 2015























We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the Company) as of October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for the years then ended

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#39;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Bridgford Foods Corporation as of October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013 and the results of its consolidated operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

/s/ Squar
 Milner
 Peterson
 Miranda &amp; Williamson
 LLP

Newport Beach
 California
January 16
 2015









October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013
(in thousands
 except per share amounts)

















































Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $144 and $119
 respectively and promotional allowances of $5
810 and $3
156
 respectively












Inventories
 less reserves of $601 and $558
 respectively


































Deferred income taxes
 less valuation allowance of $2
113 and $2
276
 respectively

































Property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $58
450 and $57
352
 respectively

























Deferred income taxes
 less valuation allowance of $8
486 and $5
671
 respectively




































































Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses




















































































Contingencies and commitments (Notes 3
 5 and 6)































Preferred stock
 without par value Authorized
 - 1
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; none










Common stock
 $1.00 par value Authorized
 - 20
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; 9
113 and 9
134
























































































For the fiscal years ended October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013
(in thousands
 except share and&nbsp;per share amounts)




































































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses






















































































































123





151













For the fiscal&nbsp;years ended October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013














































































































































Other comprehensive (loss) income
 before taxes





























































Change in other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax






































For the fiscal years ended October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013









































Balance
 November 2
 2012























































































































































Balance
 November 1
 2013






























































































































Balance
 October 31
 2014










































For the fiscal&nbsp;years ended October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013




























































































Gain on sale of property
 plant and equipment












Deferred income taxes
 net

















































































































Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses































































Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment










Additions to property
 plant and equipment






















































































































































































(in thousands except share and per share amounts
 time periods and percentages)





Bridgford Foods Corporation was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. For more than the past five years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated
 and snack food products throughout the United States. We have had no significant change in the type of products produced or distributed
 nor in the markets we serve.

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly-owned. All inter-company transactions have been eliminated.



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
&nbsp;self-insured workers&#8217; compensation and&nbsp;employee healthcare benefits&nbsp;are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies
 promotional allowances and the allowance for doubtful accounts and inventory reserves.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the time.

We test long-lived assets for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an impairment is indicated
 we measure the fair value of assets to determine if and when adjustments are recorded.



Management has evaluated events subsequent to October 31
 2014 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review
 no material events were identified that require adjustment to the financial statements or additional disclosure.



Our credit risk is diversified across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been immaterial. The carrying amount of cash equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
 which may at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management does not believe there is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability risk. We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&#8217; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 28.8% of revenues in fiscal 2014 and 31.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 31
 2014. Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 19.6% of revenues in fiscal 2013 and 17.0% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at November 1
 2013. Sales to Dollar General&#174; comprised 9.9% of&nbsp;revenues for fiscal year 2013 and 20.7% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General at November 1
 2013.



Our Company and its subsidiaries operate in two business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen foods
 and the processing and distribution of refrigerated and snack food products.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.



We maintain our accounting records on a 52-53 week fiscal basis ending on the Friday closest to October 31. As part of the regular accounting cycle
 fiscal years 2014 and 2013 each included 52 weeks.









Revenues are recognized upon passage of title to the customer
 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long-haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 $5
045 and $5
214 for 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements

We record promotional and returns allowances based on recent and historical trends.&nbsp;&nbsp;Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product returns.&nbsp;&nbsp;Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $10
868 and $8
988
 respectively.



Advertising and other promotional expenses are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expenses.&nbsp;&nbsp;Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $3
093 and $3
325
 respectively.



We consider all investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include money market funds and treasury bills. Cash equivalents totaled $192 at October 31
 2014 and $8
325 at November 1
 2013. All cash and cash equivalents at October 31
 2014 were held at either BB&amp;T or Citibank. All cash and cash equivalents at November 1
 2013 were held at Wells Fargo Bank N.A.

















Level 2 inputs: Level 2 inputs are from other than quoted market prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly.








The hierarchy noted above requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value.



Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market.&nbsp;&nbsp;Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead.&nbsp;&nbsp;We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value.&nbsp;&nbsp;An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements
 and lower than expected customer demand could result in additional obsolete or slow-moving inventory that cannot be sold or must be sold at reduced prices and could result in additional reserve provisions.

Property
 plant and equipment

Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 3 to 5 years for transportation equipment.









Leased property and equipment that meet capital lease criteria are capitalized at the lower of the present value of the minimum payments required under the lease or the fair value of the asset at inception of the lease and are included within Property
 plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet. Obligations under capital leases are accounted for as current and noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Amortization is calculated on a straight-line method based upon the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term.







Deferred taxes are provided for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is expected that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008
 management recorded a full valuation allowance with respect to its deferred tax assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;The determination as to whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors
 none of which are predictable.&nbsp;&nbsp;

We provide tax accruals for federal
 state
 local and international exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&#8217;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates
 they could have a material impact on our results of operations.



We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock-based payment agreements since April&nbsp;29
 1999.



Our foreign branch located in Canada enters into transactions that are denominated in a foreign currency. The related transaction gains and losses arising from changes in exchange rates are not material and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations in the period the transaction occurred. Our Canadian branch was closed at the end of fiscal year 2014.







&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&#8221; The guidance modified the definition of a discontinued operation to include disposals that qualify as a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity&#8217;s operations and financial results. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 14
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect this statement will have a material impact on its results of operations&nbsp;or financial position.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 with no early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this statement and its impact on its results of operations&nbsp;or financial position.





































Meat
 ingredients and supplies


















































Property
 plant and equipment:



































































































































































































Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses:










Payroll
 vacation
 payroll taxes and employee benefits










































































































































































































































































Noncontributory-Trusteed Defined Benefit Retirement Plans for Sales
 Administrative
 Supervisory and Certain Other Employees

We have noncontributory-trusteed defined benefit retirement plans for sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. In the third quarter of fiscal 2006
 we froze future benefit accruals under this plan for employees classified within the administrative
 sales or supervisory job classifications or within any non-bargaining class. The benefits under these plans are primarily based on years of service and compensation levels. The funding policy of the plan is to make contributions which are at least equal to the minimum required contributions needed to avoid a funding deficiency. The measurement date for the plan is our fiscal year end.





















































































































































The benefit obligation
 plan assets
 and funded status of these plans as of the fiscal years ended are as follows:
















































































































































































































































The Company performs an internal rate of return analysis when making the discount rate selection.&nbsp;&nbsp;The discount rates were based on Citigroup Pension Liability Index as of October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013 respectively.

Plan assets are primarily invested in marketable equity securities
categories
 taking into consideration inflation rate forecasts. Our expected employer contribution to the plan in fiscal year 2015 is $1
127.























































































































































Other (Government/Corporate
 Bonds)































































The fair value of our pension plan assets and the level under which fair values were determined
 using the hierarchy described in Note 1
 is as follows:




































































































































Effective January&nbsp;1
 1991 we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement
 selected employees contribute a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. We contribute an amount to each participant&#8217;s account by computing an investment return equal to Moody&#8217;s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus 2%. Employees receive vested amounts upon death
 termination or attainment of retirement age. No benefit expense was recorded under these plans for fiscal years 2014 and 2013.



In fiscal year 1991
 we adopted a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for certain key employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;Benefits provided under the plan are equal to 60% of the employee&#8217;s final average earnings
 less amounts provided by our defined benefit pension plan and amounts available through Social Security.

Benefits payable related to these plans and included in the accompanying consolidated&nbsp;financial statements were $4
694 and $4
521 at October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013
 respectively. In connection with this arrangement we are the beneficiary of life insurance policies on the lives of certain key employees and retirees. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies
 included in non-current assets
 was $13
654 and $13
140 at October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013
 respectively.


































































We provide an incentive compensation plan for certain key executives
 which is based upon our pretax income. The payment of these amounts is generally deferred over three or five-year periods. The total amount payable related to this arrangement was $1
359 and $1
873 at October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013
 respectively. Future payments are approximately $719
 $395
 $112
 $79 and $42 for fiscal years 2015 through 2019
 respectively.



We provide postretirement health care benefits for selected executive employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Net periodic postretirement healthcare cost is determined using assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year
 except for the total actual benefit payments and the discount rate used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense
 which is determined at the end of the fiscal year.

















































































Weighted average assumptions for the fiscal years ended October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013 are as follows:














































































































































































































































































































































































401(K)&nbsp;Plan for Sales
 Administrative
 Supervisory and Certain Other Employees

During the fiscal year ended November&nbsp;3
 2006
 we implemented a qualified 401(K)&nbsp;retirement plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) for our sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 we made total employer contributions to the Plan in the amounts of&nbsp;$500 and $452
 respectively.




During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we closed the refrigerated snack food products division&nbsp;(a division within the Refrigerated and Snack Food Segment involving primarily deli products)&nbsp;and withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan. According to the Multi-employer Pension Plan Act of 1980 we are subject to the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Fund Withdrawal Liability. We recorded a liability in the amount of $798 as of October 31
 2014. This amount was recorded in other selling and administrative expenses for fiscal 2014. Such amount is not expected to be paid in the near term.




















































































































































































Increase in provision (benefit)&nbsp;resulting from state income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit



















































Other
 net













































































































































Current tax assets
 net


































































































Non-current tax assets
 net









The Company policy outlines measurable objective criteria that must be met before a release of the valuation allowance will occur.&nbsp;&nbsp;The three criteria set forth in the policy must all be satisfied before the valuation allowance can be reversed.&nbsp;&nbsp;The criteria are as follows: first
 the Company&#8217;s available federal tax net operating loss (NOL) must be zero; second
 the prior thirty-six month cumulative book basis pre-tax income (loss)
 after considering &#8220;one-time&#8221; events
 is positive;&nbsp;third
 the Company considers its outlook of near term continued profitable operations and assesses any material negative and positive trends or events on the immediate horizon.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of October 31
 2014
 the Company (1) has a federal tax NOL of $6
160
 (2) has positive thirty-six month cumulative book income and (3) volatility and recent record highs in commodity costs create uncertainty about the Company&#39;s ability to generate future earnings. Only the second criterion has been satisfied
 therefore
 the Company will maintain a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of October 31
the realization of our deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than not standard.&nbsp; Therefore
 a full valuation allowance will remain against the net deferred tax assets. 







As of October 31
 2014
 the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $6
160 and $4
006 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;These loss carryforwards will expire at various dates from 2018 through 2033.

In July 2006
 the FASB issued guidance to clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&#8217;s financial statements. This interpretation prescribed a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance also discussed derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition. The provisions of this guidance have been incorporated into Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740-10.

As of October 31
 2014
 we have provided a liability of $100 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. A significant portion of this amount would generally reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized in future reporting periods. However
 due to the valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets
 the unrecognized tax benefit would not have an effect on the Company&#8217;s effective income tax rate if recognized in future periods. We have not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits.

As of November 1
 2014
 we have provided a liability of $100 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. A significant portion of this amount would generally reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized in future reporting periods. We have not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits.














































































































We recognize any future accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of October 31
 2014
 we had approximately $5 in accrued interest and penalties which is included as a component of the $100 unrecognized tax benefit noted above.

Our federal income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the years ended October 31
 2011 through 2013.&nbsp;

We are subject to income tax in California and various other state taxing jurisdictions. Our state income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the fiscal years ended October 31
 2009 through 2012.








We maintain a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. that expires on March 1
 2015. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we converted our line of credit to a borrowing base line collateralized by accounts receivable. Under the terms of this line of credit
 we may borrow up to $6
500 at an interest rate equal to the bank&#8217;s prime rate. The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth and a minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures less than $3
000. The Company was in violation of the capital expenditure covenant which was waived (letter dated December 17
 2013) at October 31
 2014. The Company was also in violation of the tangible net worth and net income covenants which were waived (letter dated December 24
 2014) at October 31
 2014. The Company temporarily borrowed on the line of credit during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 to pay for working capital purposes. There were no borrowings under this line of credit as of October 31
 2014. Other than noted above
 the Company is currently in compliance with all provisions of the agreement.






































































































































































(c) Reflected in the Note 2
 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $241 and $1
104
 respectively.













We have two reportable operating segments
 Frozen Food Products (the processing and distribution of frozen products)
 and Refrigerated and Snack Food Products (the processing and distribution of refrigerated meat and other convenience foods).

We evaluate each segment&#8217;s performance based on revenues and operating income. Selling
 general and administrative expenses include corporate accounting
 information systems
 human resource and marketing management at the corporate level. These activities are allocated to each operating segment based on revenues and/or actual usage.

The following segment information is for the fiscal years ended October 31
 2014 (52 weeks) and November 1
 2013 (52 weeks):




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































* = At the end of fiscal year 2014
 the Company discontinued operation of the refrigerated snack food&nbsp;products division which was reported under the Refrigerated and Snack Food Products segment involving primarily deli products.





























































Bridgford Food Processing of Texas
 L.P.**




















American Ham Processors
&nbsp;Inc.*





































I
 William L. Bridgford
 certify that:



2. Based on my knowledge
 this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;










Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;








Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;








Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and








Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer&nbsp;and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):








All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and








Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: January 16
 2015











William L. Bridgford
 Chairman of the Board





















I
 Raymond F. Lancy
 certify that:



2. Based on my knowledge
 this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;










Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;








Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;








Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and








Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer&nbsp;and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):








All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and








Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.




Dated: January 16
 2015












Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President























Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350



I
 William L. Bridgford
 Chairman of the Board of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that:








the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2014 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a)&nbsp;or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and








the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Dated: January 16
 2015










































Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350



I
 Raymond F. Lancy
 Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President
 Treasurer and Assistant Secretary of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that:








the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended&nbsp;October 31
 2014&nbsp;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a)&nbsp;or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and








the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Dated: January 16
 2015
















Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President
























  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 general and administrative expenses.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $3
093 and $3
325

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. For more than the past five years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated
 and snack food products throughout the United States. We have had no significant change in the type of products produced or distributed


 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
&amp;nbsp;self-insured workers&amp;#x2019; compensation and&amp;nbsp;employee healthcare benefits&amp;nbsp;are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies


 2014 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review

 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
 which may at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Management does not believe there is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability risk. We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&amp;#x2019; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;reg; comprised 28.8% of revenues in fiscal 2014 and 31.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&amp;reg; at October 31
 2014. Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;reg; comprised 19.6% of revenues in fiscal 2013 and 17.0% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&amp;reg; at November 1
 2013. Sales to Dollar General&amp;reg; comprised 9.9% of&amp;nbsp;revenues for fiscal year 2013 and 20.7% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General at November 1



 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long-haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 $5
045 and $5
214 for 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 are included in selling

 trade allowances and product returns.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $10
868 and $8
988

 general and administrative expenses.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $3
093 and $3
325

 2014 and $8
325 at November 1
 2013. All cash and cash equivalents at October 31
 2014 were held at either BB&amp;amp;T or Citibank. All cash and cash equivalents at November 1


 if available

 first-out basis) or market.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements


 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif&gt;or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment


 management recorded a full valuation allowance with respect to its deferred tax assets.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The determination as to whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors

 state
 local and international exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&amp;#x2019;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates

 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock-based payment agreements since April&amp;nbsp;29


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &amp;#x201c;Presentation of Financial Statements and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&amp;#x201d; The guidance modified the definition of a discontinued operation to include disposals that qualify as a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity&amp;#x2019;s operations and financial results. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 14
 2014

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#x201d; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014 and $8
325 at November 1
 2013. All cash and cash equivalents at October 31
 2014 were held at either BB&amp;amp;T or Citibank. All cash and cash equivalents at November 1

  
  
  
  






 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $241 and $1
104

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
 which may at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Management does not believe there is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability risk. We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&amp;#x2019; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;reg; comprised 28.8% of revenues in fiscal 2014 and 31.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&amp;reg; at October 31
 2014. Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;reg; comprised 19.6% of revenues in fiscal 2013 and 17.0% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&amp;reg; at November 1
 2013. Sales to Dollar General&amp;reg; comprised 9.9% revenues for fiscal year 2013 and 20.7% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General at November 1

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 N.A. that expires on March 1
 2015. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we converted our line of credit to a borrowing base line collateralized by accounts receivable. Under the terms of this line of credit
 we may borrow up to $6
500 at an interest rate equal to the bank&amp;#x2019;s prime rate. The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth and a minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures less than $3
000. The Company was in violation of the capital expenditure covenant which was waived (letter dated December 17
 2013) at October 31
 2014. The Company was also in violation of the tangible net worth and net income covenants which were waived (letter dated December 24
 2014) at October 31
 2014. The Company temporarily borrowed on the line of credit during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 to pay for working capital purposes. There were no borrowings under this line of credit as of October 31
 2014. Other than noted above

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 if available





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




















 the Company&amp;#x2019;s available federal tax net operating loss (&amp;quot;NOL&amp;quot;) must be zero; second
 the prior thirty-six month cumulative book basis pre-tax income (loss)
 after considering &amp;#x201c;one-time&amp;#x201d; events
 is positive;&amp;nbsp;third
 the Company considers its outlook of near term continued profitable operations and assesses any material negative and positive trends or events on the immediate horizon.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;As of October 31
 2014
 the Company (1) has a federal tax NOL of $6
160
 (2) has positive thirty-six month cumulative book income and (3) volatility and recent record highs in commodity costs create uncertainty about the Company's ability to generate future earnings. Only the second criterion has been satisfied
 therefore
 the Company will maintain a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of October 31
 2014. The weight of negative factors and level of economic uncertainty in our current business continued to support the conclusion that &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif&gt;the realization of our deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than not standard.&amp;nbsp; Therefore

 2014
 the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif&gt;
160 and $4

 the FASB issued guidance to clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&amp;#x2019;s financial statements. This interpretation prescribed a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance also discussed derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure

 2014
 we have provided a liability of $100 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. A significant portion of this amount would generally reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized in future reporting periods. However
 due to the valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets

 2014

 2014



  
  

 management recorded a full valuation allowance with respect to its deferred tax assets.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The determination as to whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors

 state
 local and international exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&amp;#x2019;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 first-out basis) or market.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &amp;#x201c;Presentation of Financial Statements and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&amp;#x201d; The guidance modified the definition of a discontinued operation to include disposals that qualify as a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity&amp;#x2019;s operations and financial results. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 14
 2014

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#x201d; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Administrative

 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. In the third quarter of fiscal 2006
 we froze future benefit accruals under this plan for employees classified within the administrative







 plan assets



























 2014 and November 1

 corporate and government debt securities and are administered by an investment management company. The plans&amp;#x2019; long-term return on assets is based on the weighted-average of the plans&amp;#x2019; investment allocation as of the measurement date and the published historical returns for those types of asset &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif&gt;categories
 taking into consideration inflation rate forecasts. Our expected employer contribution to the plan in fiscal year 2015 is $1


 using the hierarchy described in Note 1









 1991 we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement
 selected employees contribute a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. We contribute an amount to each participant&amp;#x2019;s account by computing an investment return equal to Moody&amp;#x2019;s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus 2%. Employees receive vested amounts upon death

 we adopted a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for certain key employees.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Benefits provided under the plan are equal to 60% of the employee&amp;#x2019;s final average earnings

694 and $4
521 at October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013
 respectively. In connection with this arrangement we are the beneficiary of life insurance policies on the lives of certain key employees and retirees. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies
 included in non-current assets
 was $13
654 and $13
140 at October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013


 which is based upon our pretax income. The payment of these amounts is generally deferred over three or five-year periods. The total amount payable related to this arrangement was $1
359 and $1
873 at October 31
 2014 and November 1
 2013
 respectively. Future payments are approximately $719
 $395
 $112
 $79 and $42 for fiscal years 2015 through 2019

 except for the total actual benefit payments and the discount rate used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense

 2014 and November 1

 Administrative

 2006
 we implemented a qualified 401(K)&amp;nbsp;retirement plan (the &amp;#x201c;Plan&amp;#x201d;) for our sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 we made total employer contributions to the Plan in the amounts of&amp;nbsp;$500 and $452

 we closed the refrigerated snack food products division&amp;nbsp;(a division within the Refrigerated and Snack Food Segment involving primarily deli products)&amp;nbsp;and withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan. According to the Multi-employer Pension Plan Act of 1980 we are subject to the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Fund Withdrawal Liability. We recorded a liability in the amount of $798 as of October 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif&gt;or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long-haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 $5
045 and $5
214 for 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 are included in selling

 trade allowances and product returns.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $10
868 and $8
988

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  



























  
































 vacation


































  
  
















  
  







  





























































  

 Frozen Food Products (the processing and distribution of frozen products)

 general and administrative expenses include corporate accounting
 information systems

 2014 (52 weeks) and November 1
































































  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock-based payment agreements since April&amp;nbsp;29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review

































 vacation




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
&amp;nbsp;self-insured workers&amp;#x2019; compensation and&amp;nbsp;employee healthcare benefits&amp;nbsp;are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies


  
  
  
  











    
    

 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $241 and $1
104





























    


    


    




        


        





      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      






































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plan Assets

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    



    


    


    
    






    


    




    


    




    




    




    

 Amount of Unrecognized Deferred Tax Liability



    
    


    
    


    

 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan



    
    


    
    
    


    
    

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans



    


    
    
    


    



 as of the balance sheet date



    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    




















    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    








    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    




 plant and equipment

    



 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $58
450 and $57
352




    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    






    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    

 vacation



    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    






    




    








    
    
    






    
    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    







    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    



 Credit Risk



    
    


    


    


    


    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    


    


    



    


    


    
    




    



 less valuation allowance of $2
113 and $2
276



    


    


    



    
    



    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Inputs



    






    




    


    








    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    



 less valuation allowance of $8
486 and $5
671




 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    



 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    
    


    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    


    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    




    






    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    






    


    








    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $144 and $119
 respectively and promotional allowances of $5
810 and $3
156



    


    



 Individual Contracts




 Individual Contracts



    




 Individual Contract



    
    
    


    
    


    
    







 less reserves of $601 and $558




    


    


    



 Individual Contracts



    


    


    


    


    




    
    



 Individual Contracts



    



 Individual Contracts



    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    

 Rent Expense



    


    

 Income Statement



    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    














    



 $1.00 par value Authorized
 - 20
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; 9
113 and 9



    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    



 without par value Authorized
 - 1







    






    










    


    


    


    


    
    


    






    






    
    
    
    






    


    


    




    
    


    
    






    




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 brid20141031_10kimg001.jpg




V
;N00J]
`DYKVOXE^)U\(?#;6

M$URUI?9/J




MI7]H?`W_`*%_QC_X&Q?XT?VA\#?^A?\`&/\`X&Q?XUYK11S^2^X/[
A_S\G_
M`.!

]*_M#X&_P#0O^
?_`V+_&C^T/@;_P!_P
?_`V+_&O-:*.


]*_M#X&_\`0O\`C'_P-B_QK?L=/BL/#UQ\0_@UX@U:



QN[+=_$O`./JA0_@:^A
H_#N3QY
M!XUU!='CBDF8MIZ^8%0D-\N[KD5X97UMX&T^\U7]D.?3=/A,]W<VEU'%&!N
M8R-@9/%*G%2;OV.K/


MHFDDNY65XJM6KUH.7/3BURRTU[K2R=BO12;EQ]X5[9\%K+X37FB:TWCV:P_M




MN-1%_%)(QG15V;2HXV^NZO




\9[4FY3T




@U\7_#^/\`X2[X0^
O`;?O+NS4:SIZGKN7AP/K@?\`
,O&=RX^J[/UKP3GN#W![5]2_&.)_



MKRTO-5U2\N]29)9E33]JP









[3P#HO@'Q=

R!2%^;H
=ZB







M`DG^-/6UM/P.2MB






MGS/2[BTEW;;2V/1/A
G_``G?QM\5_$B9-UE9M]CL

MD:E\


M




M4[\
?^A-T_\`[Y;_`!H_X4[\
?\`H3=/_P^6_QHHHY(]@^NXG_GY+[V'_G
M?AC_`-;I_\`WRW^-'_G?AC_P!9I__`'RW^-%%/DCV#Z[B?^?DOO8G_G?
MAC_T)MA_WRW^-+_PIWX8_P#0FZ?_`-\M_C111R1[!]=Q/_/R7WL/^%._#'_H
M3;#_`+Y;_&C_`(4[\
?^A-T__OEO\:**7)'L'UW$_P#/R7WL/^%._#'_`*$V


([Q#<ZM</Y
EU*Q9B@QA1DX
7`Z=
9P

 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

MV

M(4N[32A9$Z/[RGFH&NIUR*TCD^XLK.]U3%_]DCM=K?22N)Q.+WAE3203)W&8

M:5WXE#`8WYLPW/E[P
N^'^EH?%M3=J]]_*[[A






M$:M`
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M,:M
:M,:M
M
:M,:M
:M,:M
:M,:M

M=8`TM)XUU7NR^=BRSO\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P
M```+``@7W)E;',O+G)E;',@H@0**```@``````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````C)+/
M3L
P#


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````+R9S6[;

MY#A6EN




Q?



R%)@K
MKTS*OH(1VE7(F?EB-J#9'2W3G$(3S[PZ&1);J!K8
W_!5:9C=IZ24.(1M2XE



REC:WL$Z^=









GJ/T:D
1K7R3C3;G`4N\7G)V=&#%`:]HL5J_:`&!SZZ8'#J?


M%$5Q8



)*NFR-6T9B


!L\=3:4E33'TH2E$9]G@;3-'73MVK

.$/@YT`]#+6[PGWS#?TT8X%2E@:N#-8&O@
MYC1@'B1K==_8

?8_5.=\4]6[N__CG

3KQY%7O&6@\LU&+N[]OV








_`VQ$E&8
WYJY1^W\A;L#CHK7Y1$?BK
M\39LFQW+]F]^^IT5NWT+X4Y@1W)CT\W'
Q


M2/:N/D_%IMW/_6@T3


/UT


S
MB&=KPE#Z]XKW/34^]VGU#9AUL)+4)$


:-$M.G
*W**C#XT`I;9]UQ\!6H1T`THNA-:6

Z



M\9;S]GPACUC=+QB+_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`)CLHADW`P``*`H`

MPU)\A(-G&4OH/4]V%:V5)1&T)`KBEP5KY(&M2CY5Q'QM&MN$EXU0+%E)5.O
MAA0Y5;)\S&LNR+:$O%_PA0';O-R0E^Q1'#)

M3^#LG7@_F!7X*9R49F17JE]\_XVRO%PW!%DI!-;IJ_W5904:!Q`Q-&PDL(






M49'3+[0LI9/PG3Z



?1.2LEDY)
W#UW1F$
M)^Q);U\4;\S)L^4*3FCS6


5*AZ[Q[:MEY['LR
M


M




1

MC%L.V
FF%%F4)$830VLPQP^L:K(=WC%`@;7]Q1P=TVRT%T1FG[E5_PLA
M&18*-!5;

/


T`)1C:ZU&*
'=T6D
M0-N!8)N@0/*1

4!MO?X&G&KK
M]$_I\TAK[A3T#UT]2=SF'@CS\7RHF6U.!9N60OG6?'U/]?4#A+^1
`[QEK

M5INLMEVI*U55+\\.&+`6

=/JX.0KRIG3#O`

-09JZJ):.)V506;N!Y



K4__L@G\

#H#<6,S7)&BU\S_/:D(UOVRY@,N^N]X1!\5]O8*'PJ;]

S'PNZQ5E9WV0_@(WK2W=,UNT47@E%76S1VPHH8W=UU3[$RN@!_MN@

RW=IQ


MDLF

M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`

MA:SMB4V):^@4-[M]/1!:U4BQE:5TKPTI)4HLGO)*&[XM

+%B;M97-`K
M*8RV.G



MP;I'Z2DI$7OKM/H50'%+%4A&+0F^6Y(8/Z\




M

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!GU*1]?0(``!$&```9

T+GAM;(Q4VX[;(!!]K]1_0+ROB7./



M36GI7)




D



$%``&``@`



*2]`O2MJ*@:U.+Z&K
M



M

M)2(%0X'&]B/%E+(*!



T)EYTGH6V&[G3G_?E:N[1+&`132&&UM#4.E3V??=4D*DY




Z8'`;J2#P-'QS;
M?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`_VGS0N`P``KPD``!D```!X;]W;W)K




I)`HVTR!IU14``_3LUQ:T`B]*D[
M'GFFRYB$\VFT\$(?Y



MK;TIB'
A]/D']#_U=K^!0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`\-@%Q\,``!Q







MP9

M@%\BA9L


X2P!.MMS8&^$H`\)VQBKY&T')@0I)T@
)

M-G`8=^M\GJZB.W0'3`;Q,#\#YAT-D`B4!]*`-FG)63_+,$EG99P5@%YOY@



-3W+@;V+BI
M'_4A`!NOIS7_2G4M.D-:7D%J'


B

4
+Z!NO\\P
MI!;7?






%&8##KB9LXK'&516FU92R=
M8?++&Q].XV


2$PU$]'4X-=@/.RDR



M970T

S+=*D+*--L;'__'Z<
M+6Q+2-QDN&(-V=BO1-AWV\^?UD?&GT1)B+2`H1$;NY2R7;FN2$M28^&PEC00
MR1FOL81'7KBBY01G.JFN7-_S8K?&M+$-PXI?P\'RG*;D@:6'FC32D'!280GZ

X/;*Y*!+AFN??*TUU2CS7G`
M$F_7G!TM6'@5[18+5^T`N*3*Z:&WJ?W;`)_%





MBK.R?GOJ(

_&VXI=_GQL

M
V8+B&?)&#(M=LDRQS/4(-F

MDMGM'V/IVF@EC\_7I193KB=.8ZA!K'N.&,W5@5\#2QX8EILS%T6NS09=RA

M;SO/


;V%N;?O4(I198#U

)!GK4+PE)Z%8KAB+;(^L.I1B5^%D_
M\]_PR

F)/$UYW(FCSV'6J03J-6$O^\
MS

O

BYX;6R

UX7*?[Y


0TU+)H@.9
-J
MB.126)@J8I0-XJ1S6)*AQ'T2P4A-?8



RZ5V4Q`!'
M.Z;-$[>4&-&#-E+\]J#X1.5)QB
M



M=_?K7]WN@Q?;_/ADFH$(MS]7'T*@MU-K[=?/YF.L7_M[4P7OMEZOF,$\-%_
M[.UWOFEL]MC(L7O#?O^ZYQB6JX82;IRUB!#'\#\==E=KS]D9@;6R;MX8;)4

H9[U9#R3=

E8[=JK!$%'7B4(.O(JFP3T)%3^*%-@/:3C74(


GR6=DDA]'*-G5MA?J2R8W%$%]L=)QC:46+K)T5#7*LK&@A:B
?




R'8




T)(T04



M


IW+8MH=;]65Q


'2_Z7!93+:K9(K,1SBOE6/)']7QN7!I+$-2_5&735`
MY\



M1:,'+ZO3\$=K^B!5;D])3\P:UE9U
]ZO



!P@ZD4<'G)+7PAA5K4<)IT![BUE^*AJS#SL=L^.`))XLX]N\

0?^W


%D$%Y65^A&7H@L,+FNK-2/X#@JTRN*ROU(R`DLC104E=6
MZD?P`I4%X5975N)'#1Q'9(T%N;_.]2
?JWA1GP@N*BOU(Q^K(\%8I;)2/_*Q
MBB;7Q97Z$:02OC3XHJZLU(]\G=`$ZP2U
?4CS_U8D/OCBLI'_%`PXD


1SZXF

\O]9&[XR.$9'@)($4D?S$/@&TG\\2DU%3F`]ZY
I'!


ML_ZPO_PO4(:/-[^!YV


_N

E+!B*BX2
E:%1JSG\4L!@UT`T*O
M!_
0FC?))YGO/\?



J]_?NZGF]_[NV__\


MP?RJJA;7HX=[N[N/'UZ7P_&]XGRR'\8]]E!_UZQ'`__M*R._-'C1WOWOOUF
M/OSVF\6W+R;GR^MJO@.QX/BY7@Q7-P4K\8^`/



YWBGZ^_;C


?#^3GM_EB5



XP3*!I?[HH%\MY
M.M$_5MFCT



M8U6SCY5W]GBW[UT='*!;VM-(.SJ95=-R.$`]HK;GN52]JRZ6:'^H4`PQ#-=5

MM+5.

1EM%.0!)

M$72RI2$)U\.%V`IM]6:RX/'^5G%@OSW.M/V7SU\^IXLP('(U&0VP4?_WWW_Y



MK_T



M:=H$XC*Q;
11T&^`4BQG\P*3Y**8Z86L@S!\$-@-^''=FVWYWO#ZJG1_[;17


M
MV*?F]13+.8IY


B3;)VHJ7-U%F*.ESU\Y2@TK
MN%-HX.YQ`)'/R9O2#55F9NC,]P2*85Y8F(!H%[1:+,O9$L7YGF)$2



%2P_.K4^[
M#'_H\G+&\I;JWHS^0_2/09JNCKMYZ^BJ!'P*$'6]L[+'M9/#NF-5N5DY;6\



-.4-ZX1$9\]A:AR55?VN=)




%72Y*QB

MP48+5RA*K)7
QY!KE:2
.9LL+RV\K)7\








=L$^6O1RE+YTX`62!EWY^:E)L4]B-'&[+_:6
K
M*W\CYK!L_(Y2?Z\;H3I#




MJBO!H(J94N
?4U?&2!@D
T'B\]MMV2=$%/TVDN1+2-3%:07K6$C`%OWRYV!Z


MAKUAWB'^C5-LQYR?5*#8&G

MJ)RB!G\VU5Z8T`64[^HSK$#[






E%6*J

`Z%C);?)H49VF'Q(VD%)`]109D9R4]M=
9?.560$$J

\:H\5N/:^UGGK71P8SVQ7)&8WG$

MC=H&O'E
.`E%+/=

M1OEG58(H`L8?


MSBZ7%T`UJ*Y@I

M*;X5MD9C11[4(Y:I?3`=9B/0I;^.`HCI0]];IZ/FSN`
:5.7N!/

X-;8YX
MA&919Y4&CC@VR@E%8;]&RZGNQ;!`7:UYZX9


MMOF\H1NCPPJQN1`!/L*$9G&GV'AJ)30J2B8'*QF8`WQ2/V3'=(I(=:'DO4
M

M(F'TT+JQ;QU$FA?'8/
)7O7X0_%FYS#;MN



:1T*2\*

V$4+^!YY9UY5D4O)(B::`EZR],]CL&$`][


MP\8=8&D?K40]]^U.OJ9(:&-C9W\R$!SAEI4V-C9@@EVHJTG;9_YVBM?E3RR2

UQHQD)9BM94&#1%'.KHP\VVW;+!LD4^/9372!?
0Y1!'










6!*'!`64/ULUALM3&8NJ*,2([/F



MM[HX2MX@$]@4L.#GZ-
10EH$O0`JQHE5.@%P1$!^2L6!DK!B)7'--MO$09
MC2X



MH_=9BS(?@0%$DR8+G-G!4]UUL.VQ93%#K'3K



+%/AJR5B?FI;CHRC&1%%
D4'-XJWR-P(+YX$0VK/26847@FD_%0)J+



M.*MV3L)YZ*B(\
*-(`(J4]J!]X&(I]_@8M$D98_L:0R




MPFT_Z#.?E79!FK:N'W
T#B6$




MMI7

@6

MY



(8O5.:'7









T(XG=(
MRE0\Z)3KWN.MO:==B]W/54GW/#8L\[B#Z6SSL\WK]?M;SPXR\O:HTM_-]^*'
MUCV8

Y)7ERRF60`4.HY+\
M)T%293@E`[0_@?=39)C=*

M2O#:?*NF_)(SY-




^7
3K9
I2*!!Z+8_?Y6?^])QAJ2!1


MLFV&3!O4P+M._(N#39B#IQ_L-DO9#(^.T=X8`ZTJX^6@LM/!@YG-FN_M[NUN


ME$HVW$J


M:LV)RA12)F=+


MSV20


M/W9]9%B`F$8&'BY!_:K5:L!@&4[IAF)G:Z$0AW-AOI;8;4`$+0%I+0EUI9$J



MFFI+!TMI5XF);W')VMJ+;APK44_$*6C56Q$LI/7+C-/)/=KM]_[QP9?/)SC_
MAF9._T


VQL







M&%:MJ8#XNH;.MF&USL;R'OIT==N;$:-S-Z:N*P[=


U%S
MFZT0KH&EYF-8O2-HR!6Y_J//(#C(6H^.0HUB9E./_:AG*H^]9UD1RJG./&3M

M%FTIMH;



S

MZA6;I6I@16^^@D#$2JD;OC



(C]OV%%)XGGQO=W\_6_NK<?$/2SC?XRVBVG'KY'Y]_ABF
MX-S$3(?6U49I\:4T%_@879

`!:B)?2Q0Z

M(*8N1O`9%[U[AZ='&.@GCW:W^[L9KZV3
^)
-JY-3)'`=N!#5J9/2
SYK
5-


T














QIKEN+&`53X$;]_E



!^+9N)OI`S)C[

MK$J=N-P*

M;%SW%,.;'%.OG#0%`)9.[AOMET%:(3S7SN9)D4C6NM&U4YQ
@UK
C0[
MJX3:L#DVZUIT?&EBXXIGS\HWODW?A@*%2&S_$8(G;





M3=

PY`/0@T_-0(%QMR3]TV#2LV


R





%
A


X/2_?B3L^B*)C/<:T9_.'JWOU3(L'UAZ3UHU4U)FR=(9G?04!&\9


0KS6OXN
MM=#`
)*ADH.D.7U_^78+Z_K]/_]A9([M@O\G7VU_]9GN712OT%L\7XLFC[U=

=(*?'\C=P
M#SY$Q_U_WU&L[LNSW+Z-R6UC+M\DZ:,FUPH![-)7R.3.R5.

M-DK&KA*`CWT/L`
KI
^8J4S@

M%`OR
U_*W]@1NJ@)]2M@2
+UN#F$52=9H+J]A,MO$:L3:M&1FX\<
MCHF=SL!$


[^#CXKDU`^LK



'$(#:-ZN3Y
MW%7T15S#0O[

0ADTG/T/5


Y=F&E
2]X8Q_6(


L





M
M*GJ0?#\LF=0.,VPIG&.*=^2T<+Y\%X*ZK8WR^I;09AII'X=%-8`U$@<^)
$@/\TJ:8
MTOID4P7POBMNZ%3$MI+@;!EW9J[/;1!POFX^9VA
5R






@=)C4NUD/W(&IL6R`


ML25

7

M)Q?1UULS?Y4R1R[ON`


M^3^^/S_










$%``&``@````A`)MUU9LJ!0``


M+7[^:794]4NSR_/6@PI5

@S(M*M]4F-9#:JC-ILCR1Y6]EGG5FB)UOD];X-_LBD/S6:W

MFA?;70OMEG!'^L:FZX_'O


M]MO20&QK\74-

4A%]K4@
;NFIXXFWAW\657\410Q%HDVEZN64J

:9Q

QC2U

M*ZV

M96UE



M_-)UZ8+Q=
WP%
$H9UKKUUM7=G+Z!L#4



AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RC
MFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)BS0!O$ER8
ML4.^7!K2O)#T!4U4V_LPP9`1WJOGG__ZOE3].KYD^.'SXX?_G3\Z-'QPQ\M





GD!:+=FD$?IF7Z0RN=FRS=Q=U

Q*A!\2YICQ.IXI')61'.*(%0U^$ZNP3
C!7/A%7$\J\'1`

9&R;

M+&(_D%

MW(G?P9Q-
#%5!DJZ4ZDC&O]=V684ZK;E\*YLM[UMV

\S21
M0*:D`XD2+N&\:(9+:6L\]/[*GC8;^AQB*X?$:H^/[?Z'LZ.&SD9(U5@SK09
MHW5-X*S
UJ^D1$&WUV%6TT*=F5O-B&:*HL
B_[J&:<E
7*DB):#QL


ML%

MXJNBLPLCVG;V-2VE?*:(&(3C(S1B
W&`P?TZ5$&?
95PXV$J@GZ!ZSEM;3/E



M

M[GQL




NS8BN)T+9E2$JG^^^GJ*+L*A83RX-]
W[<NB.[95N1U(^]TB#()DL2_KPQPCW+538C3/S_6FRIO-
MV[XZ]!BDK79E#_EWK_6Q&Z/M-U/[<OVV]OQ9M/LCQ#BJ=[5_<\AZ'RVW]S]

-
^





MIWS@`F=KF/R\[

L#4F2!?3)2'




DWZ!NRD[YXX
M



M5JA68&YBG]K(`XN+
/XU702Z'17A*14$H8I4[KI


T=!HAK*;

MS8H[1W-F



=$
S&2
BF864E:81*%TC\)B!NE<A''Z2+0-YD(UY%#
MZJUAJH<VE3^3919#5X*QP,=E$1:4Q428$W.ZB`'M&H&[%!:$N_HF31*93V8Q
M1`5CI8'GR9=RN(:K'%FC;]*%$(YL,2A!AU'HDX!QJ`3JR.%J&<I#N;1935I


M!+C^J:F=1VD@FZK

4I3_U?K7S-


SH+EO




_C[N

MMNRK]J7*JMVNFVV:-W-I*($[!*?1TX6F+Z'A.^-KN.@TW`IRQ\.[S(?/PSNX
FAUM,PW]?X=9:!?=E@EL`/S=-/[XQDW.Z!_?X)P```/__`P!0
M2P,$%``&``@````A``H6TC=7`@``.@4``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H

M[5SV[WN
$YIN6BG[`MB

S!_.JF:'
!8J9N
QM&`$FB$SF539O3']\W#

#0VKNX=!%(06LM=@K:%P@
5!SA_IM)5M[


%!E=QNEJ1-EBWO7GIX2CO7HFMM+'CT;F

=HR/M*



M*1%[Z[3Z%4#QF2J0#



AQ&K

^K_^LM?@
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`#`$FN]&!```

'4=J:)\%Z4BYTOWG4OW


MC4D@3+8MO9=%
MY
MBG


/(JT6NP1F@&EW2KY?NH]LOO&9ZZT6.D&_$WZ6C?^./(KSGV6R



MSL93I*+5HA1G!UH


)FUK1NR!KI3FRD8W4.`SCT$9`XT
MP9A9`
9HUP!Z^/84H'
/`)D)8!0




T')J<KIC-GZR\A^(RIJ94,/
M$/7SG1&_:O2R;')VUH6184SH0S#MU-[8.RUIZ?3MZ3.:W<R-X<U
]JLL5A@

M&ZH


!'UR7WU'P```/__
M`P!02P







!9I1/-%
.:]!`/P&#=.=`8:09W
]L$)5&4K2





M


ML?T%
J6B`@'PWZHY.@
:0I^[ZY%GNHQ)$-F+I1MX`+?V3.D[CI3$2@]*B_JG












$%``&``@````A`''
#GJU



M@%\DN)T

ZC-`8XVC%M'KBEQ(CNM9'BCP?%'94G23H2





%*T2WQP5ZY7U8*MXFG^D^4I$R_K
M

3$

M1E3)&XUJ5H!K%


%WAL%]CP(`%U*:X\&NR/[+
MM?D+``#__P



TNMMN'GODBSRI5JWTS`7

@DV![W=CVT$_JR\G=RG+Z?F+_7VN\P/QP;'<.)]


MU(TJ_D
0


F

MPBT9PTV#76Y.VFP0@]SX7





MG*W_!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`)H56F%H4```0;P``&0```'AL+W=O


2YX;6RLG5UOW#BRAN\7V/]@^'YC=ZN_W$BRB5*
M)+$+'!SL[KEVG$YBC.T.W,YDYM]O462)K'J5;LLG-].3A\6B6J2+ZFV^NW?



MOKO=-?O;[P^[Q^?HY&EW?_-







/





?][`&T@`Q0%H@'1`+

M@/B2B'#05#LA'
&Z#P=WXCH1
5$L+V6`ZL&(JS5`#)`62`?$`G%`?$E$W^FN

M
!IN

ME.[.A(X&:]G12.917(;%N@;21+*@1!L285XM92*8P8@3H072`;%`'!`?2;Q$

&+#$KO^-UY&15$34*+

/%?2L\L&[-D+-S)
01B5XG`D'+1I&.(1

*@

MW^L-C^?BOG


^&D:;OG?J


$\EJYP13:HHYJEH5=''
`A'8IBL^FFE%W`=

6O%B@5JL6*'



Y\




M5(MRF%.6B6%^(J3!7&F@B

M;GU^3[78564V=`@,HA:1!TBB\@A\@+)/@?A/*'/P5SU.:)EGOGJE3$&TO
MTS9'Z1^3#3@W6G33(;*Y8O(L'[Y7
Z.O?`BPS&FZ6?+B0_4Z5`7HA21B!*@









W7FK1HF5?1UMT;'6T12]:E)$.POU8
M3K_LF&01];^8*R

M

:
LEJ]36;*-$



[
M1CE1+?LZVJ)CJZ

U$M`#2*#J$74(;*('(OD.CS:IIL[\UEGQE1/X?)L;K2

*I3C
MW,$:48/((&H1=8@L(H?(R3['#3?+TJ+X$I-F@G)M%`[O7HU6.79`I!!JQ91
H'!G)D:!/;+)5'@FH'-&J



*]7C

M&44M



M;H(;E6D)Y0FZ9JN

MN

MZU%(;Q+*O:D1-8@



]UC)50K.FK#F,E%&OZ0L!8<6:GH./E5L
MZ6GQ2$E%=4A/CY50'7HQP5@)Q9KVOR,E2XHU?9=MK(1B3=_A&BNA6%-:CY50
MP1@/-W2,4Q.C+81!,&8_IQC'\UF=37.*,;WS#Z^)_DZ?^C[6IU];\-I--:A


#6T



BYX;6R455UOVR`4?9^T_X!XK_%7FM6*4R6KNE7:
MI&G:QS/!V$8QQ@+2M/]^%W`MM^FV]





M@Z3/EW+@YU+C3GIB(-@^YW6SE2V6T1)R^W=;NL#G&N
.-
G



MKT6':R

M2P
A3Q[$MB;7\[F[
MN+ZB*!]XNMR3/KFG.[&OY]9\P2[_@2.UMO=-G]S1LN1]?^XX([TR1V=R94U
M6SH_N=

M-`EIB%\@(;.FF8$F_UY#UYH;&G(C56C76NA&F]Y(.T!\8$$0$(@$9`82`(D
M!9(!R8$4*M%DI77U`EF9=2NK$&/-B3Z!7AD:]D;S0/B`PF`A$`B(#&0!$@*

1$ST=CQ=[T1GT^`O&!!$!(!&0&$@)`62`<F!%K1Y&75B*;O
MQWN<UEQ742`E)1%YB'Q$`:(0480H1I0@2A%EB')$A89T_=A&7UH?J)?MV^G

NY



+!/5MHUR.A&.


MX+X+$65@
+`BZ)_W^EI`AKMG5GLP]M:Y15%@8*MY*CPN..CNIH+8W)S1=6

2QS?
V1

8@$1DN6B$`LF+18ABCF@DRG[H
M'D_9,J;HF'*





F'W8XBSX;:MD

'YBAW64LNT[QAZI_1E^U3FV_/3_E2/
M#N4C#9I9NPTY=V^E=E\:7C?=5PV]3=J64
_T]G!))P8S]IOK8U4UX@N[0/\^




_;7[^:75A]3L_4MHXP%#Q


O\[1FG.T;#^A\*;2_YH6_\(%IL\IR



]LNR

)
CTT6O#LHS)=


M_9Y;.
EM53=ZD:K02O7'DK
=9:=[]R`I'5


MY;SU^+!5(--7.:QMP;./RO)P*
M[ODJ0K@R96$D1*YH.$6'ONUICK:.27YR$


$%``&
M``@````A`+Q\P%
9


1W^Y_









M!


M+MXY;V&F^TONYOY34Q]SWGGYU;EY_QKM
:L?L&#]]6$PF/[R]B^L
1_%YB9C



+!:B%$J

M/
[Z)$\(ZHT0=6
9%D:+SB@T6Q`IB51$ED1J(@V1ELB*R)K(ALB6R([(GLB!
MR#$E2@N
^AY:.&NMA9!97*.(+(B41HB2R(UD89(2V1%9$UD0V1+9$=D3^1`
MY)@2%7BL)#T[ZQUX(7H!6E@)D%GU$T(B61BLB22$VD(=(261%9$]D0V1+9
M$=D3.1`YID1I@96DAQ;.6FLA))D$1!9$2B(5D261FDA#I6R(K(FLB&R);(C
MLB=R(')


UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z.C0EH+5QFQ?D%+7S]B.PV#/$;MQ7C
M)@OD3J;&R-PZHE5HN&!4,JH8+1G5C!I&+:,5HS6C#:,MHQVC/:,#HZ-6AY7

UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z
MC@II+5R!V$


^M

7+7404&Q8ST[`4
MJY'3Y*\/Q=`

MAM$CM[.?A/':AE&L8L.%V\)QD8VH#.C:#[[!P`2U@9Q!W094'13,VH$L]7
MA=DQ:H/!R;


M6@O#H


MW?]X*BE)[L(G-R:\77D3[GGS8!53Z@6CDE'%:

M[1D=&!T54HOJP-48Z9)Q/B



]HPVC+:
=HS.C`Z*J2UL'7=A265:[B!(/Q)YK[9`)A'JS`3









MC_GG:Q
5(H_
:+



=F=1V:
FODW'WHK


M]-4&Q+=;]WG1QA.YGI$3(CRI9S8I6.J(AB_'A$!2N_7(UFQ=@LU6P2$94
M0%&M.J(SO37!2A;'T6AB]&R#!:^.(Y7N7TS@3N8FE+XT
U5.U90;N:SZ^5/N9&XY/-R/=:&=O62AFJL
M24(?!T09K.0.RZ]J!(-T7)&;.EA%STU`XIE?U0@&F3'4KPAP+U&8!5Z0'D,3
MLPK/Q4J-(:H+RF#ELZG1U<RDI48J$%$;NK@)JYDC2#WI[N;#.RSXS:X?^HF
MK4=7KG!(G_`^Z[4SE(D4T6P185:AN314@\XWQ$TL+/VE6+D!D%RW25(KL7*)



MC1W
M4]G%+-X=%X+4JNBML#?F8E9


*


)2O6!4
JH8+1G5C!I&+:
5HS6C#:
MHQVC/:
#




SIWJ(5N%4C\J74FQR:5OA





-J:KX1NSJ&[%X'QG._:\

M

MGM$A^

MR5HRF+TQ;BHQ.#_GEMQ9S:C1G=FONVV?U=6*_:X9;717@^D;

MC`ZZ


K-I


+<F+N)H&1;
M/UA%M&!4
JH8+1G5C!I&+:
5HS6C#:
MHQVC/:
#HZ-2J-KNX=X_K67D[G6
M(B`U]Z?F[C6/5F&.+1B5CI&2T8UHX91RVC%:
UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z*B0EJ??

;
M:T&8
?'N
#


MM]$R6

MS68F@:O$34ZM?O7)E.L305$M$]-Y

VK9

M@59R:1AOOHO8
-Q#2T85HR6CFE'#J&6T8K1FM&&T9;1CM&=T8'142
O3+[6;

UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z*B0TF)F$]/S
MMYJ3N4X
`M)3Q=S#Y]$JS(L%HY)1Q6C)J&;4
&H9K1BM&6T8;1GM&.T9'1@=
M%=+R]
NR9YQE!Q3GQ9S1@E')J&*T9%0S:ABUC%:
UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z
C@II
M+6QIX&JXE_T*

T%8Q;H$96`W[^?1*LZBKF%`)5M5C):
:D8-HY;1BM&:

@-)9)%81+=BJ9%0Q6C*J&36
6D8K


MS:AAU#):
5HSVC#:
MHQVC
Z

M

MX1:R8%0RJA@M&=6
&D8MHQ6C-:
-HRVC':

UHPVC+:
8I'&.0A!GF(01YBD(<8Y$F9D<=N#)S?0RNNN/SO&.[UW80:T
/J8)8^
MVPU


M;V_O3KZ@B0]U[1/TKYQ@2L?-(*?[HIF+LX;Q8^+FE_QP`7)W[X&6%QY5+Y


MRPRK
ZS)L#;#5AFVSK!-AFTS;)=A^PP[9-A1
SV]BIX9U


2A&#(H1@V+$H!@Q*$8
BA&#8L2@&#$H



0@#S'(0PSR$(

'V'
FD
EL#.+)E0Q*`8
2A&#(H1@V+$
MH!@Q*$8
BA&#8L2@&#$H1@R*$8-BQ*`8
2B6
J.8*U7Z*.9+&W@



\A#/,0@#S'(0PSR$(,\Q`/

M

6)0C!@4(P;%B$$Q8E,&!0C!L6(03%B
M4(P8%
&Q8A!

0@#S'(0PSR$(



M(`\QR$


MH5AG%MQ!
6)0C!@4(P;%B$$QS_PIFXBX@C.-R

,+B:2%XQ!`I[=L\L4D4M]FY+G*J
_(DTHJGM)-
MX3[AB(FJ1M[0/C?!R!

AA


S
X#-;14#6
S4`/;LPI?;A*;J*VB&A7GJ`!'$6YI8YT2@



3*BW!3BDC5//L3.$3+<)4A(;D1H2@X;6NTDCH&AG$;Q#
MT=23B9BKB=*(71K0OH92FX7NWFO3S\&([M[!++U[
\
8]^ZD[
`OCYAK1+2\

M9*2F(

O75SI:PE0
M0`RA(89@$$,PB$8Q!`
8KA\8KA\8D@`B$!((8$@!@2`&)(`(@A`2&!(`8

M
FR=89L

&Q8A!
['3$($]CDG@N@^YT00\`LG8C1PI5.J08\$2*HN)8=G
M%Q
@





JS.LR;`VPU89MLZP389M
VR78?L

\@C;:

MN;0^2[65WC[QJ
A%R:51243H89.8)0\G$1'?U+U6V#6ES`%!\F:RJ3*=FF@C




WT
M(/0
KU%VP1*^YP2^MF_W!H;H.(L#3%L.G


IY9J@HYR96+E7N$RN?6JO)-_%
KW@3\](\
M8N7-DA&%T4

L?)
(F[OG6\B&G+6(V:6=5NX!H:0S02BSO=(^

C=3@T:2HB[LWT2/5
W9O%#D]Q


M0^B96AB'(U.#(82=64AE



MO9GTEUL^T_Y
H%V:?B[0S_QHS\2G^SK2PN)^&
)*#&$EAK6`&`8C
=R!B2%L
MQ!`C8AA_Q%89MLZP389M
VR78?L
.V3843

TLF`C$H1@R*$8-BQ*`8
2A&#(H1@V+$H!@Q*$8
BA&#8L2@&#$H

0@#S'(0PSR$(



#B%V7.V'JH3I*QB9C90R
M-(59O`+ESER!JPQ265ZVS7'MPRE5F#JPKR=OC`I3IL=-(

M3I?8
L/J#&LRK
VP58:M
VR38=L
VV78/L
.&7;4S-S
7`K21QZ?LNB%0Q@&

PNW62A&#(H1@V+$H!@Q*$8
BA&#8L2@&#$H1@R*$8-BQ*`8
M

%@6S
L.J#%MF6)UA38:U&;;*L'6&

M5!N*$8-BQ*`8
2A&#(H1@V+$H!@Q*$8





M*$8
BA&#8L2@&#$H1@R*$8-BQ*`8
2A&#(H1@V+$H!@Q*)8RHY@KQ?HHYDLW

\A#/,0@#S'(0PSR$(,\Q`/


M\A#/DS\KAJ
97G]/QQ_`8M/O[Y\'C_K;[[\OMI+^WBYURGOO#4R@G3N04]
M^`U-H\`0LVL:YA_$)`8QB4%
8A3&,0D!C&)04QB$),8Q0&
8E!3&(0DQC$


3=^Q4

GA:G=
M]

MGOX!/A]SYX)WP+(^W;G@2S*RQ]RYX%V*W+'7;N?^-1?X?K##SMDV[G^\!,
MV6.N/_]5&N1SX*[=?VZ)C[EK]R_SVV


M[WY]XBZ&

Q?'@T=PSM7'_^`;)9_VIW
M#.URYX+/Q;K


3M\




MS?-
J^O!NP

;NV


/_%P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+.?*7U_#0``UD```!@`




C










MB/!(;._(U&S7&%0DJ%+!5B%%(II`X1-G:8U2O&;ME\[(C
?
XK)%=(H9!2
43P3U;T..V+1L^[JBOU=!X_A$3R3'@D
F(%V:.A@J!9&[`H
M385






4Q2J+0LN-)U\**HA%5285YJ!$`DL[)6-()DP[9/U*N6;*

?-
$14TBY`59IVF*Y(C






F

M7IY(@WWI(:.ABBO


1]






M*1MB^0VP(@B5DUCXLYH()[+(.M`K0N0
*PL1.N%P%XGE#SVR%%E^8G
-%0A!





(F]/B(7.(I[#&YQ:9Y'





M_[E93WZTN_VJV]Y/DYOY=-)NE]WS:OMZ/_WWO[[\5D\G^\-B^[Q8=]OV?OJK
MW4]_?_CSG^X^NMVW_5O;'B;H8;N_G[X=#N^WL]E^^=9N%ON;[KW=PO/2[3:+




LP3'O0T

!.CIR_Z86GXQ\_KE8ED.0G'^1P--ZS0`-IH/[TUD#3`3


M(J



FBL11^4N-]A#Y.T.\4RI*O#-QXF6!


8G+A



MY

M^:
*EPF%

8
MG


(;XL.;+!]4;B:<F/ELA<=?K;Q[*GS=AEY$](*O/
2J`PDC5Q5L^=\)&
MY
^;*/$N2EEF0O[.`!\J7.Y

1'$]IGUL0%2(0:6#@3


7+[32J1I9:-[$J*]D

FBC^5KP)K(FF8E-MQ+B9XA/3$3N29M/R*/018I$+)6
8=YI']GQ



[+CO(E@P4R
^B9*SFRT
MF*Z3

M5

M8OEK3+18%







MJ^W_ON$R?8O;O'/SLO&EZP[^#TQL-ES/?_@?````__\#`%!+`P04``8````
M`$`3+GGR







ME&:7V/+5_D65TUU:X=0[A`$77G/`MF`41:+;8YS$#([M5\M_0?R'S#)GZP





&^C-


MZD`!V.HPZ%[#'




@+IGV;`1U&ET


E2@



MN]&[#$2B[7*SMZ`:9):;

O1@2A0UW#



X8RHN]L=93]0





M

M00C4A#LDDB')`T@L0U(=0FQ;QF2/
$3&Y(\PS@UC@7-N'H*
$SWT..NOCN!@
@.4X

M60JH8






16



M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#`)KN[V@

M)UK$?



MR-QVMFMET*^
7KAV;_$3NWRML_2OK*3@-L1)1F#/V)N$?DOE*YCL#&:_J@C\



T\3WS$CIPW[8I5Y/$X&*

M:
0PZHUZ;N=E7]6-\AW`8;@?*X*55B]`H=OF`'K68!K3/


1A#0^[!1H+
M$=

MA7F(L5?%=JR@]9%&-






MZTDTKZF%^DTE6G-FD^P:.DGUX[Z]84JV0+$3M;!/'2E&DJ4/9:
TW=6@^Q1&
ME)VYN\4%O11
*Z

M!3^:T3
RE3I^UB+_*AH.9L
R8F*JA`+@B*5QG@'TU-V/(K=5AF=)
M$
\GLQ#@:

NU)X'XFB8-%'$?)8OY?%N(KZ@1N









/%!X(/0!U
?1#Z8

ZL4.QPIE

*)K_@`R!#(,@8R`1(`0$
@42`9D!B8'
@21`

:]%A\@VLH:WH2T7/HZ!NM9M?S#6-D

MR`K(&D@)9`-D:Q/'76@E]`9W4=8'=^&+?&.(NQ#Q@LO@:
3=AD!&0

M`B`ADF0
@
2`QD#B0!D@)9`%DR8#D0`H@*R!K(60#9M31S?H,C_!M]0
MUJYO&'(MT\@0R`C(&
@$R`!D!#(%$@$9`8D!C('D@!)@2R`+(%D0'(@!9`5
MD#60$L@&R-8FCB/0W?T&1U#6KB





MJ!49Y#B8&;W
*AQ
)2'?$+U








1
MSE&X8*2GY+K5;7FYCI6QL

G=Y+S+Q%M&&GI5K?F*6^-047D;*@]A?





MC%6'KLK/YVN-\B6B3?41O4_Y2/:J2+[KD+7)7V/^7S^?X[.7/E[K6UF:3R
M4K[3:V2]M0^
E86&B$:(QH@FB`)$(:(IH@C1#%&
:(XH090B6B!:(LH0Y8@*


M8AMXLT9J%

PK)(


_KK\8-HBI-LUSV
M-]W$@
;^)$<T9R3M_8I`U$ZE!

NHPKE4=M]VKE]:
MB:D
F9=S


54#CNE;S5E(K8V)7''`OF:P2T8:1T:ZW_33ZUECH
M2^P^?2G8_@


^9159!T6
)

M@(4BU^;1B+UNB&C$Z$0PU3I.
`7I@'7DO@X9F6#::_O_%F%J+SIB#N)S@Q1
M;-!KP11&GJ!6BF@A\C_Q3!#.45'5#`Z%3.UMA
S8;I+%I)IVC`Z$3/M8;LN

MTHU.J^'55TU1.N).(CU#%!OT6NC4IVN-/$&M%-'B+/FEL;+D
]3*$16
]
2T
MVA`$5L;B9]P[4K6D;G:,#+25*OI+OVWQD`/V@V?_\CN2!-W1PQRPZ?G@
Q

KLU+U$]

_92N0+1J9RK=;S

M=(G-P3L'QLI0T0C1&-$$T0!HA#1%%&$:(8H1C1'E!*$2T0+1%EB')$!:*5

.MI

5O(K3_!HP5L)?=LR

KD8X9

S90J03E$[92J07!CEA!;)32^XH\AG*YVQU\A(4;*5/IM/J=KR3



M$16(5HC6B$I$&T1;![F^HS9:;-\YG49OZ7T9N_:0D3C$`-$0T0C1&-$$48`H
M1#1%%&:(8H1S1$EB%)$T1+1!FB'%&!:(5HC:A$M$&T=9#K(RKC_08?T0ER

HI?R8VAN=;R/(`Q48X*0.))0T0C1&-$$T0!HA#1%%&$:(8H1C1'E!*
M$2T0+1%EB')$!:(5HC6B$M$&D?I-4+EHVFWT;WSJ7\M[V#U]V0UVW[X]7]SM
M_U2_W]E5*8




M971S+W-H965T















MUQCSH&-B'I%1A
U





MR9
KI.B)B+I4


/:@75ZAGH[EZ
M#A&9
^

MKAOTE07(DGY'*2;2[DPJ`@V1R2^)5(!([N291+-I^B21!:BE:HV@K3ILD
MB;BV.J1E@H')^G7!+`D7S&Q3YU
(;E#$EZ]Q%$K
`AK..@E7%)`4&J9G

MHRB?=+F'3E3A@J*PB
W'

9/9CQT8K**HOK)1



M#`Q::ZZA@BJ,JDP!4&L+13S(9HPK3#J!\QUXR92V3M[!59Y]PORSH'B?HE
M*F@&(SJ)PJQ34$%1KLA
)K$X/B4%A.5+T1B*\I-5!#GF:9R*/:PIX$CULLXV
ME
@]8;K2P$;.'\

5&)7





]U&Z\JL9#0WT
U8$\1F%`ZHI

0SE*5Q%KTZT$6GH*C(G=DXGH@UET0=

HU
M5&BHU-!20T9#E89J!O'4LK8[/
2GRUKL7'IX6A'B'5/N1D91?J-S#14$^;N^

*D$@T
MT:\RBO+YDB,4/B5#*'6/R40I*XDC+%3J/L-HVNHD;<UHN6;6\OZZ9LXXLZQ4
MCCNS^LD4=-9!V4X
'%/RJ)D.A5)45)$8
OT;(:BPI.BVDE%431;I#PN16BO
M!OU


ZR$_4.5`
M00-=&4K'8WD?@`&LYO7

M@^PF!$**Y68Q1OD


M.U\AD;/:3)TWSS7Q-JR&*.NP(-%0BE]BOAK_=)+(0N\7.65XK8:.)*$HNC
M4#-BED
P%Q?HI]IFQ\(]*4(BM63;IB_VSE8=M$-MF&DG=B7(+((\L='$

M4*FAI8:
ABH-U0SB!Q)49A7+:G%1H[3)`/TN+%X(B48ILCRCJ*!X::@@*.EU



M$?-

HL(2A`

M
(/B5.1AB9^S#.H].1$;35P)8MW)'
NQ#+).-!1(=K*+'IG%Q!*-[2X/+'$
MSF4XD)4P-Q:+ZVXPBR4T+\DDCO


M!6@S99^7GQ3S

M7*P9'ZV'VP7?


QJJ

MZG$L'HQEJ3+
N88*A


M`/__`P!02P

M



BSWW




#['X'
5L)#-8
X#






M-XK3M.U4E7X8!+%?45%CY[!4UWC(+!.
WTNVKWAMG(GB)37`KPO1Z)-;Q:ZQ


OT



XL[7P3G-M(V
1-


M%W^$SHI'=!
RHG

X


WM_FZ#J[C*^9:7
MI49

-'$;MUNUW+^`P:&C.OU.5BUJCDF=@&7@S


M2P

MQ@*2S+S]5M






YOF77Y_
MU]2O#@Q7




B0=)(9[0A@AG!!A
M$CL#JE8QAOF5&=`5CK7_1&C[CWTM&C(0W5Q8DVW),H'&]S]@\3
@(Y[)HQH


M$JZC?:

&K*$24HT&2&
$$Z(

4A^3C!!&
M=$F


8OMM=!UJVJ@:Z*W
M5]5!=':3$)(2DA'".&$)/8_CY5$\%Y.ND_4MT/(GV\I'9L7+DGEB*
Z+Z?



-
MPLWZ1.
Y+V?+&2(]W#UN
`

M][\=-H__V.Q;5!L\$0-?NNXK07][)!
&SZ+1GS4#_SQ


4)34$24P0_#5!U
TBS[-B@:F?
M&YB:@?@[^NJS?B:Z



MTDHUJ^;#[4J1PC2


'ZGS#
MY)A\GN=&]9H72D8Y9^185

PVM

BH0)[_E2:+1.P%TM*UGA


MSR2QI%I3N%3X


F81M46







3\5'5S277GF.C(5:WC
'*


*:2'

MW(+QVSA4E.XH


M9.1)X$G$


5:E(/UXPU$:`T+Q&JCD`:%XBU/R

O@O````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`


RYX;6R46=]O



=:2L.@$!







MD&&T5/%(!BDF6BFH0RUODYGB&I,&3+%?M&N6V`#!^D&DOA/0CE-TO5!2HT


ER&Q`=MKES%

-93B!'G$#PXZD%(4.B`-A-
MM_]/F6DMGNP`$I7;:20[TB=*




+0GY1
M

MT)^FE:OX
EX3P;147(AYK;SE3&J6XALT\V_)_=N'/]V1V@J9BFZ&E'TH4X

0
([YWG%=/X'



72##
W:
VNERT[@M^6BU4L1_2=8N(D&5%1O)WY@RKP_Y

%]5;?<!$A#T%YW/
M_P,``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A``2P(_W'$@``&5H``!D```!X;]W;W)K




''R-9#T`A!,P2M$+1#T`E!-P2]$/1#,`C!,`2C$(Q#
M,`G!-`2S$,Q#L`C!,@0W(5B%8!VC0



@4R`
M3('
@
R!+(`L@=P`60%9`]FXQ/

MP_ABC9)2YE=U(`T@32`M(&T@'2!=(#T@?2`#($
@(R!C(!
@4R`S('

G.Y.`Z*-3(CN5$3A%I`VEDI5SKPYDYF

.
B.1'H+0R)*R-LB8;?P&J?KM.
F
1'H*0C
@
M\ZR4VR!7OO0B
Q+I)1/'ZYAHK5=

M65+1.-IGHB/V`


H52

$$O
LNJ



?1M[W;Y-;ZRD

-A$TJU@+1!IY/I
MF-4PF%UT64('F1Z(]D%TD(GJ4Z);@O0(I

Y!=)&)GJCO

M$/3KV



M:$RK=.)8UY%%?N0
*E`3(^UO=40-0=R7JU?A/*3)%E[DY/NK=%MT%'4$L?15





T?_D
LOGIWQ^OOM.





4HTJ



05F[436RMG.JR-J(&HB








MV^'G







#HI6`*-1^AUAC11.5_
MX9D@/$.5.:*%H%
QTVI[

M(B]F0EJ168D


^_$AU%:T%6N@SI81LVR`N=9LG=]=

ML@ESF`51

1$^$\



VL.9]+_*PJ/T+Y

MS)(-O
`*[VTE


R2+=P8






M]+?K[NZSQU$2UR1QRO;



M%TU+8#



M+%!:H++`R@*U!1H+M!:XL




G.JN$/D7D!1`](P
MXITVF\Z
@=N85:G%;9B47EP\'Y(W[A_
-Q1:60QIKQM#

M?A.'2H%F/G)IC5?2&@4N&3S0UB(5:!N!DK2MM/J#@;A4SEP-C?N9`Q/@AL7H
MS!?GQL-
-LJYXS!R
8;&I




E2[(.&H^+670X(M#4.WO2.







MG
LLIIREE'-YKG@+RE(C[:@FLU8B18LQN+


MZMAO/74T6BT\O:


FP)DHE'-'Y72^(Z5
M47+)4F
J6[HL.IR:(K5BJ1&MQR%Q8FGCT:LI6,8L4F..('BA]UVXAJ'9.Y



I/RS-]




F(+7)=('2)':\0NL:.-PC=AHX]


M8^GY#9ZJ!3SD#MNBV`JU`$N%;6#A#FEI@4:E?
D0UT^CP8E)BQ4+[+C_B\PU


IMW!/L!W@%AMQ

M
SO?7*2BJ(%0R1!'C6QV
IJK_[0%*Q'?MA#\





0
=KW78#?(?(O0G1[

++$'




^\Z
M$!_S:6(H.Y8


M-4(-0BU%T@=(G0%4+7-T@=(O0'4+WM*VH.RJ;/&^O.E83&WN(;UUFYN4
MEX]9*E0_!4
[;H:*%-^?3#R1*A(AZZQPM%JD@MLT#$UHHQ=B^-!$@U8Z!OH+
MI+\4J4!_M1?]M70

M(


4.9U-VJH;02W7'#`4ITXL:I/*2V-T-X]-951M0QOHF#4
D0'Z%8
MDDIZA



M6UCW\/C^[_N8.`JSDCVDPN$H

TBM#'<%BZ.$9L^-\Y3YCX32&%D:#

M0^R=QL
K;MWAFDA;(]3TCM3N&DFKT.YJ=JC0[RAB3YSR)H
*AXUC(:VE!*I
MX'8%0U2Y^$AE^Y1!0)5A30KA.K0D9G-\403!(2Y531:179'\ZZCE&FWT0EJ

JX`/4XPMFM0@]I+QG-+);WZF7

M0E]K*WUZ2+N;?7-`/O52RMT\%!\EL)0^2AC9G0)+N=]+).?-[^F%$6OI&!TE
UK?:5I#QG/-<5J/O52RG

MJ$50C5#4*M@I1'G1U6Z&_$S9RYT*?2HO.`(?R2F3O&KH-0R1`'/?03;H_]

ME:5CE#L%HFR1JC9B[Z5CIASVQEOT-96
YO&$P!-H*[/REO*G;!XCB2^&B
MELXS1W?@J7T#CQ*=3[DXX@U0DUZ1'

^0


J^)#T/4N*+!4
[3MU9BD[=W3X[$?_BVIX=
MTT/14JCW&JO18R58CR6UJZKP_NTN]]#`F=

LS+Z2L`U!4B5%4(KA&J$&H1:AX0ND3HJ%KA&X0ND7H#J%[!6GK



NY3Y3^BP#U3HN9_3O9Z!4SIK2JA`9+4[JQJ?VO/_QMQ
VT
L`
M5*!4B5%T`JA&J$&H1:AX0N$;IZ!JA&X1N$;I#Z%Y!VCJ'E8&SO<I`D8J-

J4OW4N;2

&-I1P0:I;D:*2QEC?EBI
MMQ$WE\X%69=EC89S[A/71`'JRT0LQ4?!XS/S2$3%[8DD.S^LTMN(FUEQ/=:5







!1@8#C`P&&!D

#(88&0PP

\)H=0-&S@D8Z0TP6L^`D=X`(R4!1HH!C
(T
M8!2F`:


!1@8#C`P&&!D

#(88&0PP
A@
68




J)NB?UIK'5`V.SRUU8J$KF8Z[TO5U&2\52[Q89SKC\31!YHEL

MXZ((W'7AMKEKHG

MU#9S;9NYFG[G9[/%.3W&E;B2V73A'AU*M=!0I`]L.9\1&]U9PQ:Z\[5P=W-2

M'1(MT^'BG'X;D6C)%N=I^Y&F$_)+LGA2GJR=M+6S=(KH/*-+\B6Z
27=XEB4
M=&


QS[T








M7YZ?W^0?=%&G?SV__+ZIM3[]OP````#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#1P(:T

M7V#_P?#[Q-;%EQA)!FU=3`F[P&(QN_OL=IS$Z#@.;/?TS-]/4:P2656*+^E]




?T3I<D7<S3\4_7:SVN\.NZ?C#=`-W$#U

`








MP$(1@*5!.H`&$!:VMS`,OA_Y,;2V-S0K.8$^&0E(A$404UR102*6PD(1
M06!.@!8(A*1B.YZ0EJPT??]2:%]';()SAW
BLBS:[BBQ
MID5\
S6`JAV`74SIA`^O;GL&4I93L$4LIY\J*I:$I]HA0F9BIAD&!3)S2#)I
MDU\@
FTJC[A7I2)8*










M(%9L7J2)5=]K=YH4F
ABIJZ'C3J7AV6E


!X=([DU)W)@@EUS#`

'0D*E8IUD%!6J%


M
[M)PN.T!D+CE%G+#AQ?20D3*@:A*&&D*16@
;VKP(



M%BQ!#K*%



%0JB@5'Z$6%*30$$$!0K24
6)DUNQX=34

M8J.ABA-'$U'N:D;

MUS9*?U)(]*%P'7W0HR&NDSU6%'6RQYKUR#-M??*I3%]VE`0%JE0K!YYA%%.P
MBBIT5*FAA8:

MR





MV6--]!V:AH8G


M4%7P



M5*?+41
NDH

MX@I'K[1;4\

M
AJJ-%0SB!5S^



L
MTGJD3K*$F9VJBK2!K]4^J$^53+=F47$

M*GTZPK[?HW&:G6V;+QWS19Y5JE:[9@3F`@RTN^=Y

M_VNT2
3



'2$`




M&R.DB

WZ8+$2RB+B*^;
N)$7)'8[P=FP:O_'N2BO'T








5$0BTY9

MT[GS:H]33FSZU/AY?LPJS@\_L%D0B9&.N%$P?;W-C\!S[&U^+(AZQV5FQ/6N
M)8_4:(]W%
C;_`@$M6P(_K


M970R
YX;6RL65UOXC@4?5]I_T.4]P'R12$JC$KX2"@U6IV]SD-`:(04G:

([NFQ3Z_






R
3\_8]Y5J7@*
CT




E$K-[(\]SAZ.'C(L!L1@*?3
3]O

MH6ML?1KN)GOF29U

MJ`.1#JQU8*

6`XB)]WQ0

M!0B9(V2!D55@@)$1(A9(V0#4)BA&P1LI

4*VBJ;K:-5T

&K1;[`I)A`B)
MA&B;C;;]H

11QK?9M;HU9&PS%&-IB
MK9W4@-#F+W`O*AMU-RJZ$5.`:I:TM_G0@X2UY;5
MY$+%=
)8#15HX[3I:

M\:


;;$6N:XE5M$9TSC0ZU=Z@7;)RF
69.=S9:3%
/#81_C3Z[_
M!!/`#T+7AZ-O!^[Y<+#^-KUX5R&\8WKP^D
X['KP_FW`_?\;1=_YOJS+CQP
$EOU.F/FFU#ST4--^'-CG2_WQD\-HUZ,&V<B*FO\@'8C_I4Q_

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


4X+G)E)E5.#




M:





M;&-#:&%I;BYX;6P\CD$*`C$0!.^?QCF[F85%)$DPJ^0!\0LJ
)))
E$T1_


MHMJ!E5BDADOAI@U6QG0


_96GV%8WN/9BQV75=TTUXC
M^3/ZO+I[Z$?-C3ON2@$1Q_TT$N

M````````````````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````


'``!X

M#@0``*X.```/`````````````````/
*``!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$


M965T




U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!GU*1]?0(``!$&```9
M`````````````````(


M`#


M:&5E='



1]```-`````````````````)9```!X


M='

&UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A``H6TC=7`@``.@4``!D`````````````````Z:L``'AL+W=O




M970T
RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`A7RF6S$````!0``&0``````````









M:&5E='

M+0`4``8`````$`3+GGR





M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#`)KN[V@


M=#$U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!D.&$











M``8`````$`*;+;C#$!``!``@``$0`````````````````KW0$`9&]C4')O

O8V]R92YX;6Q02P4&`````#D`.0!X#P``D]\!````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
$ 135
000
$ 174
000


        
2
226
000
2
019
000


        
(3
131
000)
(2
674
000)


        
830
000
1
688
000


        
1
000
1
000


        
$ 61
000
$ 1
208
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
$ 1
762


        
1
838


        
1
997


        
2
105


        
2
234


        
13
653


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
$ 133
401
000
        
$ 129
003
000
        


        
133
401
000
        
129
003
000
        


        
94
744
000
        
83
566
000
        


        
38
657
000
        
45
437
000
        


        
43
089
000
        
42
352
000
        


        
(4
432
000)
        
3
085
000
        


        
58
176
000
        
64
764
000
        


        
3
877
000
        
4
378
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
14
417
000
        
21
934
000
        


        
75
000
        
182
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
50
740
000
        
51
449
000
        


        
50
740
000
        
51
449
000
        


        
31
790
000
        
32
437
000
        


        
18
950
000
        
19
012
000
        


        
15
715
000
        
16
635
000
        


        
3
235
000
        
2
377
000
        


        
11
332
000
        
13
009
000
        


        
201
000
        
1
032
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
82
661
000
        
77
554
000
        


        
446
000
        
986
000
        


        
83
107
000
        
78
540
000
        


        
63
400
000
        
52
115
000
        


        
19
707
000
        
26
425
000
        


        
27
374
000
        
25
717
000
        


        
(7
667
000)
        
708
000
        


        
32
427
000
        
29
821
000
        


        
3
601
000
        
3
164
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
6
650
000
        
11
527
000
        


        
6
650
000
        
11
527
000
        


        
4
704
000
        
6
790
000
        


        
1
946
000
        
4
737
000
        


        
5
002
000
        
6
154
000
        


        
(3
056
000)
        
(1
417
000)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
446
000
        
986
000
        


        
446
000
        
986
000
        


        
$ 446
000
        
$ 986
000
        

      
        

      



              









        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Meat
4
4
1
1
15
13
21
18
Property
1
1
14
13
47
44
1
1
5
6
70
68
(58
(57
12
11
13
13
13
13
Accrued payroll
Payroll
 vacation
4
5
1
1
6
7
1
1
2
3
10
8
4
4
1
1
1
18
15
663




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including descriptions and amounts for assets
 liabilities
 and equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S
%\S8S!A



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D9C0S-#4R,U]F-C4R7S1A,V9?830S,%\S
M8S!A9#DR83AB8S8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&8T
M
S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
S!?
V
P860Y
F$X8F





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?4VAA/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F]T95\Q
M7U1H95]#;VUP86YY7V%N9%]3=6UM87)Y/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F]T
M95\S7U)E=&ER96UE;G1?86YD7T]T:&5R7T)E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z




M='
O4VAE970Q

:6YE


O4VAE
M970Q



M968]



M($A2968]

O




3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


O












O4VAE970R

M

C0N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K












M971S+U-H965T

M


M7S-?4F5T:7)E;65N=%]A;F1?3W1H97)?0F4Q

M968]

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z





MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F]T95\T7TEN



X+FAT;6PB+SX-


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F]T95\T





M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F]T




&-E;%=O

M3F]T95\V7T-O;6UI=&UE;G1S7V%N9%]#;VYT:6YG
&-E

M;F1?0V]N=&EN9S










M#0H@(#QX.D%C=&EV95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@(#QX.E!R

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&8T
S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
S!?
V
P860Y
F$X
M8F

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N



]



M1%

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@




]
T1T97AT/E-M86QL97(@4F5P;W)T:6YG($-O;7!A;GD\




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]










]



]

]



]

]
T1R;SX-

]












]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^





]


S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
S!?
M
V
P860Y
F$X8F
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V1F
M-#
T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\


T1T


]


]

R-2PP


@86QL;W=A

3$Y+!R
M97-P96-T:79E;'D@86YD('!R;VUO=&EO;F%L(&%L;&]W86YC97,@;V8@)#4L
M.#$P(&%N9`D


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#$T-BPP




C$L
CDR+#`P
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
T-BPP


S
L



]
T1N
M=6UP/C8X
RPP





T1T;W`^5&]T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
R+#(V-2PP






3(L
C4Q
M+#`P


]

3
L-C8P+#`P



]

]


]

#`P/'-P

M-S8T+#`P

]




]





2PP



M1&YU;7`^
BPU.38L

RPR
#`L


]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$U+#8T-BPP







M;F0@8V]M;6ET;65N='
@*$YO=&5S(#




]





#`P('-H87)E



]

C`L


]
M



C0L.#8Q
M+#`P


]


S8V
M+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#(U

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD('-H87)E:&]L9&5R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C0L-S8T+#`P


'0O:'1M;#L@


]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1R;SX-




]


]

M;7`^
BPQ
3


]
T1P





M97






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M;V-K+!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(AI;B!S:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]

@


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P
M

#`L



]
M
T1N=6UP/CDL
3
T+#`P

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97



]
T1N=6UP/CDL
3
T+#`P


'0O:'1M;#L@


]

@*%53





]

S



]












I(&EN8V]M


]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L


]



M;G5M/B0@*#0L


]








]

M;B!S:&%R97

M
RPU.3


2PY


T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C
&%D.3)A.&)C



]
T1R97!O





S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3F]V+B`P
2P@
C`Q

]












]
M




]
T1N=6T^*#








I(&=A:6X\

]
T1R








#








]
T1R



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]
M
T1N=6T^)`H.PP

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D9C0S
M-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S



M='`M97%U:78]

]





]



2PP

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
C8L-S0W+#`P

]
M


]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1R;SX-


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#0L





]
T1N=6UP/C(L.3$V+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L.3$V
M+#`P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0V%S:!D:79I9&5N9'



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`V
BPP


2PP
M-C(L





]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#0U-2PP

RPV.#DL


]
T1N
M=6UP/CDL
3DQ+#`P

]




M;7`^.2PQ







]



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


M






T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H86YG92!I;B!D969I;F5D(&)E;F5F:70@




S$L(#(P


]





S$L(#(P

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
M



M9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




T0R/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]







M

]







]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#(W+#`P



T1T;W`^4')O=FES:6]N



RPP
#`\



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V-BPP
M


2PU.3@L

2PR
30L


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-3DX+#`P




]



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@R+#
W
RPP

2PU-C0L


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W-BPP
M





3`T+#`P


]

]
T1N
M=6T^*#@R-2PP







]



]
T1N=6T^*#$L-C`R+#`P

]
M


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W
#@L
#`P*3QS

]


]
T1N=6T^*#4X
BPP

S`Y+#`P





]
T1N=6UP/C
L-S8P+#`P


]






]

#QS

]


M


]
T1N=6T^*#
L-S$T+#`P



]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1N=6T^*#(P.2PP





C`V+#`P


]

]



]


L


RPP

2PT
3DL


]


C4L
#`P/'-P86X^

M



#`P/'-P86X^




]

]
T1P

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S`L
#`P/'-P86X^


U]F
M-C4R7S1A
V9?830S



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]


\8G(^

S$L(#(P
30\

M3F]T97
@=&\@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='


T1T;W`^0F%S:7

M:6]N(&%N9!3:6=N:69I8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(%M497AT




M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:6-I97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M;W)A=&EO;B!W87








M97
N(%=E(&AA=F4@:&%D(&YO('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N





3!P=#L@


L

T0G(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR




M=&EO;G


@870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE



N($%M;W5N='
@97-T:6UA=&5D(')E
M;&%T960@=&\@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@9F]R('!E;G-I;VX@8F5N969I='
L)FYB

F(W@R
#$Y.R!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@

M92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&EN:&5R96YT('5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97
@86YD('1H97-E












M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M





M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
M
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX@(#QD

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M;65N='


@86YD(&]T:&5R(&5V





3!P





@;V8@8W)E

T0G(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


L(&%C8V]U;G1S('!A




M;65N=!D;V5S(&YO=!B96QI979E('1H97)E(&ES('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-R


M:6-A;G0@86-C;W5N='




C`Q-!A;F0@
M,S$N.4@;V8@=&]T86P@86-C;W5N='

@9'5E(&9R



M;B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@




M
3


3
N

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M




T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M



M1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#


#$S(&5A8V@@:6YC;'5D960@-3(@
M=V5E:W


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97









T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
M
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M8G-P.U!R;VUO=&EO;F%L(&%L;&]W86YC97
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!C=7-T;VUE

@
C`Q
M-!A;F0@,C`Q,R!W97)E(0Q

M5&EM97

M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@




24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P
M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`R-W!T)SX\9&EV





RPS

M;&4]
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[


M8FEL;'

@=&]T86QE9`D,3DR(&%T($]C=&]B
M97(@,S$L(#(P,30@86YD(0X+#

#$S+B!!

M

M($%L;!C87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&%T($YO=F5M8F5R(#$L
M(#(P
3



C=P

M





M;65N='

T0G(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@5$58


M



M2#H@

M13H@






M='



M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N




M


M
T0G5TE$5$@Z(#
N-24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B`\9&EV('-T

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N






M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M96P@
B!I;G!U='
@87)E(&9R;VT@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!Q=6]T960@;6%R:V5T





3!P=#L@1D].




M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@.38N
M-24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G



M92!T;R!T:&4@97AT96YT('1H870@;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@87)E(&YO

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G9&ES


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ
M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`R-W!T)SX\


@=7
@=&\@;6EN


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97


L('-E

T0G(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@




M86YT:71I97











3!P=#L@










24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N






M='




M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

@:7

M9VAT+6QI;F4@8F%S:7






L('-E

M='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@









C=P

M





M:6-I97

T0G(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97






M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%






M

M13H@












L(&YO;F4@;V8@=VAI8V@@87)E('!R961I8W1A8FQE

M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;&4]







M('1O('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='
I+B!!





M97-E(')E=FEE=W


N

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SY3=&]C:RUB87-E9!C

T0G
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=64@870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&=R86YT+B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.U=E(&AA

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97


M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97





M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@







M5#H@

M4TE:13H@


\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
M
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97





#%D.R!4:&4@9W5I9&%N8V4@;6]D:69I960@=&AE(&1E9FEN:71I





M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N


N($=!05`N


@86X@96YT:71Y



M($-O;7!A;GD@:7





M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S
%\S

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M86X]

#$T




]




T0G

BT@





M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

3!P=#L@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





T0G9&ES

30\+V1I=CX\


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M97

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M(#$N





C`Q


M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@



T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@



T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M4TE:13H@




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M24142#H@
3(E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@


M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G




M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







3!P

24=..B!L969T.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3(E

M

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M8V-E969F)SXQ+#(Y

M13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@







3!P

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C

M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9F9F)SXQ
RPS

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]



M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


C$L

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3(E.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ.PY,3D\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT


W!X.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!




3!P=#L@

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O




M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXD/]T9#X@


B4[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494




M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z



M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M($U!4D=)3BU



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU









3U(Z

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($U!4D=)3BU





+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]





1494


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


M4D=)3BU



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU



M3E0M4TE:13H@



M

M+4%

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97







3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8G/B@R,S0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M24XM3$5&5#H@


M13H@

24=..B!L
M969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/


M)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N






T0G




B4[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494
















3!P=#L@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@



M(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M4TE:13H@


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@




3!P


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





M;&4]
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@


M24XM3$5&5#H@




M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G



M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X


M5#H@





24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@



M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$


#`P


M(#$R)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

3$L
C$R

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU








'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97







M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M

M+4%

T0G


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT




M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU



M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$


#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M3E0M4TE:13H@


M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ,RPV-C`\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



T0G

M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%






+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M97AP96YS97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N






T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97





+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z



M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


3!P=#L@

24=.


M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M2#H@
3(E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F


M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M








M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]




1494

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/C,R-CPO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D]53D0M0T]



M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M($U!4D=)3BU



M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T

M4TE:13H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@



M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4




M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

M;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

1494






M+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F







M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXF

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G9&ES




M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXF




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97



M4TE:13H@

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$



M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ+#8Y

M3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M





M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M



M3BU


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M($U!4D=)3BU



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M4TE:13H@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97


M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/




M9F8G/C(T

3!P



M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXF



M13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD




M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@



M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!


M3D0M0T]




T0G

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M




3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

24=..B!R


M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/C,L,C`P/]T9#X@(`@(`\





M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXF




M/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F




M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P
M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXD/]T9#X@(`@(`\=&0@


B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3BU





M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$58


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N





3!P=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

3(\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S

M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]




M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SX@/&1I=B!S




3!P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



24=..B!R:6=H


M3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($U!4D=)3BU





+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




M



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3(E.R!615)4

2PQ-#D\

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

T0G0D%#2T=2

M97




M;VX@=VET:&1R87=A;!L:6%B:6QI='D\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`@(`@




1494.B`P


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M3D0M0T]











M

24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M





M
B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%





M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M5$@Z(#$R)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E
M969F)R!N;W=R87`]



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

#`P


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@

M97

3(E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ-2PV-C

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S
%\S8S!A



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]








3!P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M



M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[





M4V%L97

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0G9&ES




M





M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@


M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/CQD



M4TE:13H@



M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M2%0Z(#$N





\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\



M






+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

M86X]

24=..B!C96YT97([($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
3
\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D



T0G0D%#

M5&EM97





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@







M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

M;&4]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





3!P=#L@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@






3!P=#L@

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!724142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/

L
3

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@



L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M2#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M


M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@

M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@







M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU






1494.B`P



M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!


M3D0M0T]




T0G

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[


M4D]53D0M0T]



M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M($U!4D=)3BU



3!P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


3!P=#L@1D].

M24XM3$5&5#H@

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE
M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M1%1(.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6YN:6YG(&]F(&5A8V@@9FES8V%L('EE87(N(%=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@
M87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@9F]R(&5A8V@@9FES8V%L('EE87(@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO
M=W

M/]D:78^/]D:78^(`\9&EV/B`@(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)


#X@






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




+4%




M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M4TE:13H@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@





M3D0M0T]

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

M4TE:13H@




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97




M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)SY.+T$\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z








M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/


#`\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S

M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

L








@96YD960@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z/]D:78^/]D:78^


#X@(`@(`@(`\='(^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N









+4%

T0G




T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%

M


3!P


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#$S/]D:78^/]D


M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%





M4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97






+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXS.2PQ

M)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z



M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M($U!4D=)3BU



M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@

2PY

M;W=R87`]



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

3

BPY

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

SPO=&0^



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W




T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N







'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXD/]T


M
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


SDL

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



3!P=#L@1D].




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@





M4TE:13H@







M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M)SXU-PT-C@\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M3$5&5#H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M969F)SXQ

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;W=R87`]



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!724142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/

BPR

M)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


3!P





1494.B`P



M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)4

C@P

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P
M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N








M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97






R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R




M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N




M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


L

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P




L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!


M3D0M0T]




T0G

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

T0G



M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O






M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B@Q,PP

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M4TE:13H@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@


M24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ.PS
M

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:'0[($U!4D=)3BU


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!1$1)


M0T]



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

T0G




M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



3U(Z

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&


M+4%




M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G



M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%




M:6%B:6QI='D@26YD97@@87

2P@
C`Q-!A;F0@3F]V
M96UB97(@,2P@,C`Q,R!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]D:78^/]D:78^(`\9&EV

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N





C`Q.3L@;&]N9RUT

@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D
M+6%V97)A9V4@;V8@=&AE('!L86YS)B-X

M5&EM97

<^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`R-W!T


M3E0M4TE:13H@





T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T)SX@/&1I=B!S







M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%







M5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N






M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@






+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

T0R/B`\

24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M5&EM97


M97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G(%1%6%0M





M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97


M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



+4%





T0G(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

L('-E

87)G92!#87`@17%U:71I97

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/




M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M



M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L('-E

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#

S

M3E0M4TE:13H@





M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+




M8V5E9F8G/C

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

L










3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8G/C`\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M3$5&5#H@

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



4[(%9%
M4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXP+C`\

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXP/]T9#X@(`@(`\


M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M4TE:13H@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G



M/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

3!P=#L@1D].

\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2



M.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

L('-E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M




3!P=#L@1D].

24=..B!R

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)
M3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


M4D=)3BU



M

M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



3!P=#L@

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



3!P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



24=..B!R:6=H


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M



M3BU



'!T

M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M;&4]

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXR


M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2




T0G
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

L






M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/C(Y+C(\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT



M4TE:13H@

M





T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXS

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G



M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!724142#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/

C@N

M4TE:13H@





M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/




M9F8G/C

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
M

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



L('-E




M;&4]




T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXR+C@\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

L('-E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXR+C`\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@1D].



M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M;&4]



M.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
M

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


'!T

M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


3!P=#L@1D].

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N






4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M5$@Z(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E
M969F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M:60[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

1494.B`P


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%

M3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


M;&4]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97




3!P

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$


#`P



M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%







M;W5B;&4[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

#`N
#PO=&0^




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M97







'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M97

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T0G




M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/EEE87(@16YD960@
C`Q-#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO

3!P=#L@


M5&EM97




'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

3!P=#L@1D].

M)SY

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M



T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!
M4D=)3BU


M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

L



+4%


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@






+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

M86X]

24=..B!C96YT97([($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97



M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@
M(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@
M/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`\+W1R/B`@




T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@34%2

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

BPS
C`\

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E
M969F)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!R:6=H


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%



3U(Z





L

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXT
BPS

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
M


M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;&4]

1494
M.B`R-W!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#4E.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!W

T0P



M;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

\+V1I=CX\



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

3!P=#L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@





M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU


C`Q-3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D



3!P=#L@



'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$V/]D:78^/]D

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


3!P



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T



M

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M3D0M0T]



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3BU





M



M/C(L

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M13H@

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494

3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@


M3BU



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P











M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M



M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G





T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


N(%5N9&5R('1H:7
@87)R86YG



@













24=..B!L
M969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M;&4]


24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4





M97-S(&%M;W5N='


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9!.


L(&EN


2P@

M;&4]

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Y-24[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`R-W!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'
M2%0Z(#4E.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@






3!P


\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
&5C=71I=F4\+V1I=CX\

M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M



M(#$N





\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[(%!!






T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2


M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T0G



M.R!724142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



T0G(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXR

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@


M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


3!P=#L@1D].

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M5#H@


R4[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


'!T

M4TE:13H@

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


1494.B`P



M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



R!A=!/8W1O
M8F5R(#,Q+`R


M
SDU+`D,3$R+`D-SD@86YD(0T,B!F;W(@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(#(P,34@
M=&AR;W5G:`R
#$Y+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]D:78^/]D:78^(`\9&EV

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N






'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M97





24=..B!L
M969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M;&4]


24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4







M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





T0G9&ES

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%

M




T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%

M;&4]


M


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




+4%






T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


3!P



M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N





M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3


M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

3PO=&0^



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ
M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97

3

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXF

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$




M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]




M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SX@/&1I=B!S




M13H@




M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4D]53D0M0T]

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.

1494.B`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)
M3BU




M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD




'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

2P@
M
C`Q


M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@


M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/CQD



M4TE:13H@




'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M+4%


M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(`@(`@




L('-E


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M0T%
+4%

M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97








3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8G/C,N.#,\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M




M
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%




T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4





M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M




3!P=#L@1D].

24=..B!R


M





M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ
M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@


M13H@





M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$




M/C4N

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SX@




M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P=#L@1D].

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.

C`R
#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV

3!P=#L@1D].





M($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

3!P=#L@1D].





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

'!T


M=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M;&4]


M

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@





M;&4]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

T0R/B`\9&EV

24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;&EN93L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR,#$S/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#8X)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M13H@


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M

M+4%

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($U!4D=)3BU


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@



M;&4]

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXU/]T9#X@(`@(`\


M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

3U(Z



M;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M=!H96%L=&AC87)E(&]B;&EG871I;VX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`@(`@



M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXD/]T9#X@


R4[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($U!4D=)3BU







M1$5.5#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M5&EM97

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

M2%0Z(#$N





C`Q-#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@





M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

M(&-O;'-P86X]

24=..B!C96YT
M97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M;&4]



M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(#QD:78@

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@












'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(#QD

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

<^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@




M;&4]
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@


M;&4]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG



M3E0M4TE:13H@




M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M0T%
+4%






L



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97



M;3L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4$%$1$E.1RU

'!T.R!-05)'24XM



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



24=..B!R:6=H


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4



M4D]53D0M0T]

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z



M+4%

3AP=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M3TTZ(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





3!P=#L@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@


M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


3!P=#L@1D].

M4D]53D0M0T]





3!P=#L@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@


M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M;&4]

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M3D0M0T]



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

3AP=#L@

'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97


M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


3!P=#L@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


M1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/


#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



3!P=#L@1D].


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU
M;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M4D=)3BU



M3$5&5#H@



M4D]53D0M0T]





M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/


#PO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D('-T


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E


3!P=#L@1D].


M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/





M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N

T0G

M;BP@5&EM97


M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M4TE:13H@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

L

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXH

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M13H@




M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N


3!P=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXS
CD\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





M4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXY-C4\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





3!P





M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'





M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU
1494

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G9&ES




T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/CQD:78@



M13H@




T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E


M;&4]


M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD



M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&



M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;&4]





M3E0M4TE:13H@





M1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)4

\+W1D

M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)FYB

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

L






M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M8V-E969F)SXT

M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@



L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4



M4D]53D0M0T]

M





M4TE:13H@

M;&4]



M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]



L('-E




C`M
C`R-#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV

3!P=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@



24=..B!L
M969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



#%C.U!L
M86XF(W@R


#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!W92!M861E('1O=&%L(&5M

@=&\@=&AE(%!L86X@:6X@=&AE(&%M;W5N
M='




'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M5&EM97

#$T+!W92!C;&]S960@=&AE(')E9G)I9V5R871E9!S;F%C:R!F


:6%B:6QI='DN(%=E(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@












S$L(#(P
30\8G(^


M97
@=&\@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='









M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0G9&ES




M+4E.1$5.5#H@


M1#`@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M;BP@5&EM97



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G




M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C4R(%=E96MS/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T


M+4%


M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(`@(`\
M+W1R/B`@(`@/'1R/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M0T%
+4%






L




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4TE:13H@

#$S/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X@


+4%

M

M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(`@(`\+W1R/B`@(`@/'1R/B`@(`@(#QT9#XF;F)S




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3BU





M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97




M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L('-E


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


3!P


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



3!P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$S)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$58

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@




M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'




R4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@











M1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M


3!P




M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B`@(`@



M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]




M13H@

M;&4]




T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

3



'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N









R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%







T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!1$1)


M0T]



T0G0D%#2T=2

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@







M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M3BU



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%



M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M;&4]

M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[(%!!1$1)


M0T]




M+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M=W

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

L('-E











'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#$T/]D:78^/]D


M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


#$S

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M=&%X97


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$



M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXH

M969F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M4TE:13H@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(#QD:78@

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/






'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97

3

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G



M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!724142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L
M969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M;&4]


M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@






T0G

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M13H@

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]


M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M4TE:13H@



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.


M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P




T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P




M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[


M4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H








M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M

M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3BU


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE
M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
M
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXD/]T9#X@(`@(`\


R4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X



M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M;&4]
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G





M.B`W


M4TE:13H@





M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

M(&-O;'-P86X]

24=..B!C96YT
M97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






M:6YE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P

M

\+V1I



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


1494.B`P

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/C4X/]T9#X@(`@(`\


M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!
M4D=)3BU



M:'0[($U!4D=)3BU



M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%

M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


T0G($U!4D=)

M13H@


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3

38S/]T9#X@(`@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M4TE:13H@



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.



M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@

M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#


3!P=#L@




1494

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/C$V-3PO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D]53D0M0T]



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M



M3BU


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]



'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N

T0G

M;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97








M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


M4D=)3BU



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P



T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]


\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2



M9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXT.3PO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D('-T


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3U`Z(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G9&ES









3U(Z

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!
M4D=)3BU



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T




M0T]

T0G






M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:'0[($U!4D=)3BU


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!1$1)


M0T]

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@



M1%1(.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2




M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G



M/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU,1494.B`Q.'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

T0G




M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8G/BT\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@


3U(Z



3U(Z





L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4



M4D]53D0M0T]

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z




M5#H@


R4[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


'!T

M4TE:13H@

M33H@



M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/






M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C






M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


C4G/CQD:78@









3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/C8L,S8V/]T


M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N

T0G

M;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

3


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N




M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97

3

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M






T0G

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M4TE:13H@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@





M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M3D0M0T]



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M5$@Z(#$S)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



3PO=&0^






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M+!N970\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M




3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

24=..B!R


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%








M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.

1494.B`P






M($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

3!P=#L@1D].




C`Q



@:71S(&]U=&QO;VL@;V8@




2P@



@9&5F97)R


3!P=#L@1D].



N




T0G9&ES



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



@9&%T97
@9G)O;2`R

C`S
RX\+V1I

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@




!R971U<FXN







M/B`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E



3!P

#$T+!W92!H879E('!R;W9I9&5D(&$@
M;&EA8FEL:71Y(&]F(0Q



N($AO=V5V97(L(&1U92!T;R!T:&4@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L


!R871E(&EF(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@9G5T=7)E('!E<FEO9'
N(%=E
M(&AA=F4@;F]T(&ED96YT:69I960@86YY(&YE=R!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X


M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@5$58

@;V8@3F]V96UB97(@
2P@




!B96YE9FET<RX\+V1I

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


M:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0G


M;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W




M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





T0G


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%

M;&4]




T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/CQD:78@



M13H@



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%



M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(`@(`\+W1R/B`@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($U!4D=)3BU






L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)
M3BU



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M




T0G

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU





M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU





T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




R4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXM/]T9#X@


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!6




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G9&ES










R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@


M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXH

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F


M;W=R87`]



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M24142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M4D=)3BU



M
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]



M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


3!P


M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]








M0T]





M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

#`P


M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M87@@8F5N969I='



!U;G)E8V]G
M;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@;F]T960@86)O=F4N/]D:78^/]D:78^(`\

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N



#$S+B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV






3!P



N

@87)E(&]P96X@=&\@875D
M:70@=6YD97(@=&AE('-T871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G
@9F]R('1H92!F


2P@
C`P.2!T:')O=6=H(#(P
M


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


3(@;6]N=&AS+CPO9&EV/CPO







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@

]




M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P
M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N







3!P=#L@

M(#










M('5S('1O(&UA:6YT86EN(&$@;6EN:6UU;2!T86YG:6)L92!N970@=V]R=&@@



M1&5C96UB97(@

3
I(&%T($]C=&]B97(@
S$L(#(P
30N(%1H92!#


M('=A:79E9`H;&5T=&5R(&1A=&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(T+`R
#$T*2!A=!/
M8W1O8F5R(#,Q+`R
2!B;W)R













3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]







'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M97

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





#$T(&%N


M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@





M9STS1#`@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E



M=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M;&4]




+4%


T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT
M97([($U!4D=)3BU


M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97


M14E'2%0Z(#$N






+4%
24=..B!B





M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

M;'-P86X]

24=..B!C96YT97([
M($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M




M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@









R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@





T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



R4[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M($U!4D=)3BU



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU


C`Q-CPO9&EV

3!P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



24=..B!R:6=H


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M24142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@

M


M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F



M4TE:13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G



M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L('-E

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M4TE:13H@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU








M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU





M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU


C`Q.#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D



3!P=#L@

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$S)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F)SXW
C

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

3U(Z

M97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8G/BT\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M4TE:13H@


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P
M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@

M97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ+#@V

M4TE:13H@

M
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]



M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M0T]

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4









M4D]53D0M0T]


M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L

3

X

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@







M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M4TE:13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SX@/&1I





M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

2PS-#4\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S

T1N

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@








M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@(`\+W1R/B`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/B`@

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G9&ES


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ
M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




M8W1U86P@;6EL96%G92!A;F0@861J=7-T;65N='


M-R!I;B`R

N





M:6YC97!T:6]N(&]F('1H92!L96%S97

I(%)E9FQE8W1E9!I;B!T:&4@3F]T92`R+!A










]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@








M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M







24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@


L($9R;WIE;B!&;V]D

M($9O;V0@4')O9'5C='

3!P=#L@





C`Q





M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M('=I9'1H.B`W


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9CL@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B`C
#`P



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



M;&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L








T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97

M93L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR,#$T/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






M:6YE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/D9R;WIE;B!&;V]D/]D:78^/]D

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

7!X)SX\





M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU


M24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M:6YL:6YE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/F%N9!3;F%C:R!&;V]D/]D

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E





M;&4]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[






+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)
M3BU


M+4%





M15A4+4%





M)R!415A4+4%





M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

CX@/&1I

M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N






M97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@

M


3!P




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O
M=6)L93L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@

M


3!P




+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

T0R/B`\

24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ




M9#LG/E!R;V1U8W1S($1I=FES:6]N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P


3!P



M

24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@




T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



M2#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3E0M4TE:13H@



M

M+4%

T0G


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXF

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$




M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


M.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)FYB

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R



+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXF

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$


#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M;&4]

M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[(%!!1$1)


M0T]



T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/

M13H@

7!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M




M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


3!P=#L@


3!P=#L@1D].

M(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@






M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


#`P
M

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M2#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M3BU




M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


M:'0[($U!4D=)3BU


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)
M3BU



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M







M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'





M4D]53D0M0T]

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






T0G

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXT-#8\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S

M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ,S,L-#`Q/]T9#X@


M5#H@(S`P
#`P

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+


#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P


M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


M;&4]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M24142#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M4D=)3BU



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M:60[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

1494.B`P



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.




M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]4




T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$58


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/





M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+



M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXM/]T9#X@


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!6

S@L

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D]53D0M0T]



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M



M3BU



M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@




'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ-2PW,34\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@



M(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52

M4D=)3BU



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T



M.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ



M;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M

M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U14

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O



M.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ

#(\

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M4D]53D0M0T]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXS+#(S-3PO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P



M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXM/]T9#X@


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXH-PT

#`P





M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SX@(`@(`\=&0@





T0G




T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

M



T0G0D%#2T=2

M;&4]




T0G0D%#






T0G



T0G0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B`C
#`P
#`P



M/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ
2PS
S(\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S





M13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@





M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


3!P

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/







M;W5B;&4[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z(-C
M8V5E9F8G/B0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

24=..B!R:6=H


M:68[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#H@(S`P
#`P

M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M


M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M

M3E0M4TE:13H@




M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M4TE:13H@


M
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXR,#$\+W1D/B`@(`@




M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@0D%#2T=2

M;&4]



M4D]53D0M0T]

M;&4]

M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[(%!!1$1)


M0T]




M5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4TE:13H@

M
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]



M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


3!P=#L@

M3TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M9F8G/C

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE
M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5&EM97



3!P

3!P=#L@

3!P=#L@1D].

M4TE:13H@

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M:60[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@

M:60G(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P




+4%


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

'!T.R!-05)'24XM


T0G

3
\+V1I

M33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P

'!T)R!C;VQS


M05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G



M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G





M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4TE:13H@


M14E'2%0Z(#$N






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M+4)/5%1/33H@




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


3!P



M0T%
+4%








M97


M9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)







M97

M.B`C
#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97



T0G0D%#

M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G




M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M4TE:13H@



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.


M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F

3!P=#L@


M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+





M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

P
#`P
M
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E
M969F)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


3!P=#L@1D].

'!T.R!-05)'24XM


M97



M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU



T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

M;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@





M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M13H@


M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M


M3E0M4TE:13H@



M(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I


3!P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X


M5#H@


M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXU,2PT-#D\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]




T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+


M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M;&4]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




M13H@



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%



M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!6

3(Y
M+#`P

3!P=#L@

M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



4[(%9%
M4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ
2PU
M

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T0G0D%#

M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@



M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@


M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)SXU,BPQ,34\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M


M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXM/]T9#X@


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

#`P

M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

M;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


#PO=&0^(`@(`@/'1D


M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



3!P

'!T.R!-



M4TE:13H@




3!P


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





3!P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]




1494

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/BT\+W1D/B`@(`@






T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXT-2PT


M+5))1TA4.B`C
#`P




M13H@



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%



M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)FYB

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

L


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M;&4]

M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

M;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@







3!P=#L@

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%



M24=(5#H@(S`P
#`P

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


3!P=#L@

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M

7!X.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2



L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O




1494



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N
M;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)FYB

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M)R!N;W=R87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

T0G



M0T]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G(%1%

















M3D0M0T]


M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)



M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N







T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M


M;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



T0G

M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'


3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8G/BT\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@

M97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M.B`C8V-E969F)SXV-PW-C0\+W1D/B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/

M3BU







24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2

M;&4]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G


T0G




M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

#

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


3!P

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.



M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D

1494.B`P



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P














M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&8T
S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
S!?
M
V
P860Y
F$X8F

O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@



]





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@







]


]



M



T1T;W`^57-E


T0G



\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`R-W!T)SX\9&EV('-T


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@





M;&EA8FEL:71I97


N($%M;W5N='
@97-T:6UA=&5D(')E;&%T960@=&\@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97
@9F]R('!E;G-I;VX@8F5N969I='


F(W@R


M:&5R96YT('5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97





M97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97




M:6QI='D@=VAE;F5V97(@979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97





M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D








'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G9&ES


@

S$L(#(P
M

M(%-E8W5R:71I97







M:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^
M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P








M93H@









M









3!P















M93H@

L('-E






M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@9&EV


@86YD(&]T



N








M8V5I=F%B;&4@=VET:!A(&9E=R!L87)G92P@=V5L;!K;F]W;B!C=7-T;VUE



M=&]M97)S)B-X

M92X@4V%L97



2P@

2P@
C`Q
RX@4V%L97
@


C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`N-R4@;V8@=&]T86P@86-C
M;W5N='

@9'5E(&9R;VT@1&]L;&%R($=E;F5R86P@
M870@3F]V96UB97(@
2P@
C`Q
RX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\
M+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I
M=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\










3!P=#L@


M



L('-E








T1T

]

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N










@

T0G9&ES

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F








M;&4]

@;F5W



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT






M=&EM97

M

@;F5W(')O



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I






M97

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N









T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M



C`Q
R!E86-H(&EN8VQU9&5D
M(#4R('=E96MS+CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV
M/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO


]

]

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N










@

T0G9&ES

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F








M;&4]

@;F5W



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT






M=&EM97

M

@;F5W(')O



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I






M97

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N









T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

T0G


N(%!R;V1U8W1S(&%R92!D96QI


7-T96TN(%1H97-E(&1E;&EV97)Y(&-O
M<W1S+`D-2PP-#4@86YD(0U+#(Q-!F;W(@

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M5&EM97

M)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N




@9F]R


M97





C`Q

M/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO
M9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV

]

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M96YS97


L
M


]


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G9&ES




2P@

M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D








3!P















M93H@









M









3!P



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97






T0G5TE$5$@Z(#DV+C4E

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97





#X@/'1R/B`\=&0@

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#
N-24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B`\

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





B!I;G!U='
Z($QE=F5L(#(@



T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=7
M24142#H@

M4TE:13H@


M4TE:13H@

R!I;G!U='
@87)E


M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;V)S97)V86)L92!M87)K970@9&%T82P@:68@879A:6QA8FQE+!W:&5N(&1E
M=&5R;6EN:6YG(&9A:7(@=F%L=64N/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^
M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D
M:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=70@8F%S:7






M;W(@;V)S;VQE=&4@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@87)E(&ED96YT:69I960@:6X@;W)D




@

]
T1R;SX-














M93H@









M









3!P










M='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M5&EM97



3`@
M=&\@


M(#

M9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV
M/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO


]



6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




3!P=#L@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97







]
M






@

T0G9&ES

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F








M;&4]

@;F5W



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT






M=&EM97

M

@;F5W(')O



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I






M97

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N










@

T0G9&ES

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@




3!P=#L@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:71E;7







M(&EN8V]M92P@=VAI8V@@=&%K97





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97









M9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='


@


N($EF


N/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D
M:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^
M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D



6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M97



M;65N='

3DY.2X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\
M+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I
M=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\



]

M

@;F5W(')O



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I






M97

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N










@

T0G9&ES

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F








M;&4]

@;F5W



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT






M=&EM97

M

@;F5W(')O



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I





T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97






#$T+CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV
M/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO
M9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV

]
6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ
M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`R-W!T)SX\


M='D@861J=7-T;65N='
N/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^
M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D
M:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^


@4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;BP@4&]L







M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M



T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@









]

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M


@969F








M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






@86X@96YT:71Y('1O(')E8V]G;FEZ92!R979E;G5E('1O(&1E








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
M9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S
%\S8S!A9#DR83AB8S8O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS




]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#










'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G




M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
30\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`\


+4%
24=..B!B

T0G9&ES









M3D0M0T]

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU


M97

L('-E




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97




M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;&4]



T0G

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXT+#(Y,3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M8V-E969F)SXQ+#0T-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M3$5&5#H@

M

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU


\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D



3!P=#L@

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

3!P=#L@1D].


M






B4[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z




T0G0D%#

M4TE:13H@



M;&4[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3BU


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M)R!N;W=R87`]

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M1%1(.B`Q
B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@



M
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#

M97



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G




T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M969F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/

M97


2PX

T0G


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






24=..B!R:6=H

3!P=#L@


T0G0D%#2T=23U5.



T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3(E.R!615)4

S4R

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/


M24XM3$5&5#H@




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

C

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






M($U!4D=)3BU


3!P=#L@1D].




M4TE:13H@


1494

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/C$L.#0X/]T9#X@





T0G
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

L




3!P




M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;&4]



M9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M13H@


T0G


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M:60[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T]

M;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C8V-E969F)SXR


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@4$%$1$E.






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]



M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M4TE:13H@

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97





3!P=#L@


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M*3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]







M+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@

M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M97


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


3!P=#L@1D].


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





'!T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P






3!P=#L@1D].

M;&4]

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@






M




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T]

M;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%






M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M0T]

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N




M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


3!P=#L@1D].

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!

M;&4]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@




M0T]

M4TE:13H@


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M)R!N;W=R87`]

M/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M




M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/

T0G

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ+#(W.#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;W=R87`]

M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!-
M05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


R-SPO




M8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXS

M


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

#`P
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3(E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3D0M0T]

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


L('-E

3(E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:'0[($U!4D=)3BU


M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M13H@

M(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!1$1)


M0T]







M

24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M;BP@5&EM97


M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)
M3BU


M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M




L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)
M3BU


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ+#8Y
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU




T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






M:'0[($U!4D=)3BU


M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]



B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9F9F9F9F)SXW


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%

L('-E




M=&EO;CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3(E.R!6

C0Q

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D]53D0M0T]

M4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@:&5A;'1H8V%R93PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5$@Z(#$R)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

SPO


7!X.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M4TE:13H@







M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]





M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

#`P



B4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

1494


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@34%21TE.

M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

RPR
#`\+W1D/B`\=&0@





M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+

M


3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXF


M3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/

T0G



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D]53D0M0T]


@*$YO=&4@
RDZ/]D:78^/]D:78^

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M5&EM97


T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M15A4+4%

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



3!P=#L@

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
B4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ,PX





M;&4]



S

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!
M4D=)3BU



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M2#H@
3(E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3(E.R!615)4

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97




24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2




M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


L


2PS

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;BP@5&EM97





T0G









M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]



B4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N




M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2





M



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%

M4D=)3BU


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]





M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

#`P



B4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X



M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

3!P


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

1494.B`P


M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
M

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S
%\S8S!A9#DR



]




T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




]

M

@;F5W(')O








'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

CX@/&1I

M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





C`Q
SPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO





24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M


M

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@

24=.

3!P



M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M1%1(.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M

24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($U!4D=)3BU




\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`\=&0@






M0T]

M)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]



R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N




M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97

3


M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU




M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M


7!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@






M




3!P=#L@

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O




M


M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M






24=..B!R:6=H

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H
M961U;&4@;V8@07-S=6UP=&EO;G,@57-E9!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/CQD


M9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M;BP@5&EM97

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&5R.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

M14E'2%0Z(#$N





C`Q
SPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO






24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G9&ES


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




M4TE:13H@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M($U!4D=)3BU

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M97


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]








M4TE:13H@

\+V1I



M4TE:13H@


1494


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M/3-$)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N







3!P=#L@1D].

24=..B!R



M5#H@

M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




@
M:6X@4')O:F5C=&5D($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

1494.B`R-W!T.R!-
M05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#4E.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W









'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3E0M4TE:13H@

#$T/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T


M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P







3
\+V1I=CX\+V1I


M4E1)0T%
+4%





M13H@

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@





+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M;BP@5&EM97


M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M4E1)0T%
+4%

3AP=#L@0D%#

'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

L

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXS.2PQ

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$S)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$58

S+#(V-CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!1$1)


M
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS



R4[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)FYB

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ+#DR,CPO=&0^(#QT9!S

M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97








M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXR+#DS.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M)SXU+#$V


M


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

3AP=#L@

'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97





3!P=#L@1D].

S
M


7!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@1D].


3!P=#L@


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


M3E0M4TE:13H@



M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!


M4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M13H@

M9F9F9F8G/C0R+#
R
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9F9F)SXS.2PQ


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@4$%$1$E.









M;VYS.CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


L


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M4TE:13H@


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU,1494.B`Q.'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SX@/&1I

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@




M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@





M='1O;3L@4$%$1$E.1RU

'!T.R!-


M8V]S=#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!6

3
U

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



+4%
24=..B!B


M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G









3!P



M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M3BU


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(#QD

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

#`P
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3D0M0T]

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(#QD

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P



M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N
M;W=R87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G($U!4D=)

M13H@

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!


M3D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M-#DL


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%





T0G($U!

M4TE:13H@

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2




M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXF


M.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P







M
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M2#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C



M

3!P=#L@


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]



M;&4]

M;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

#`P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/C$X+#,Q.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T1N;W=R87`^


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3U(Z

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

#`P



R4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M)R!N;W=R87`]


]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD




\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/B`\=&0@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

CX@/&1I

M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E





M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!


M:6YE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT



M3E0M4TE:13H@



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

T0R/B`\

24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M







M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S


P+C`\+W1D/B`\


M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M2#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C

S


M5#H@

M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


3!P=#L@


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXP/]T9#X@/'1D





T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






M:'0[($U!4D=)3BU


M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
M
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S


#PO=&0^(#QT



M4TE:13H@

T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU



M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S



M
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!

3
N.#PO=&0^



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P







M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXF


M.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)SXR

3!P=#L@







3!P=#L@




M4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD



M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/

T0G




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(#QD:78@

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@



M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@1D].







3!P=#L@1D].




M3D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@



M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F


M1%1(.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M8V-E969F)SXS


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




M4TE:13H@

M*3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)4


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M3$5&5#H@

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G



M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2









T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

#`P
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3D0M0T]

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(#QD:78@

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

1494


M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
M

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


L('-E

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:'0[($U!4D=)3BU


M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

#`P
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3D0M0T]

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(#QD:78@

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@



M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@0D%#

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)FYB

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



24=.

3!P







M2#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

#`N
M


W!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M;W5B;&4[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3`P+C`\+W1D/B`\=&0@






M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0P






M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97







'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5&EM97

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

M2%0Z(#$N





3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO




M97

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M(#$N





CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




L

M.B`C
#`P

M24XM3$5&5#H@


M




SPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT




L('-E

M
#`P

M3$5&5#H@


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G




M;&4]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[








24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@


M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M13H@

M(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@

M;&4]




M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%

M3BU


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%

M4D=)3BU



T1T


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)



3!P=#L@1D].


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E


M;&4]


M3E0M4TE:13H@







+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

M

24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%

M





'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;&4]



T0G

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@







24=..B!R:6=H

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3

S$\+W1D/B`\=&0@



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M13H@


1494.B`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#


M24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@






M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





3!P



M
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@


M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M($U!4D=)3BU






3!P



M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M4TE:13H@

M
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@

3!P


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

1494.B`P

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B@U/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M4TE:13H@


6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)



3!P=#L@1D].


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#$T/]D:78^/]D

3!P=#L@

7!X)SX\

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E


M;&4]

M
3

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M;&4]

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXS+C@S/]T9#X@/'1D





T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






M:'0[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ
M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M




M;&4]



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@



'!T

M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#

#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



3!P=#L@1D].



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N













M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P


M

M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





C`Q-#PO9&EV/CPO



M13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M

M4TE:13H@

M5%1/33H@





M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


3!P=#L@1D].

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S

M;3L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

M9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q.'!T

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S


L('-E

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!
M4D=)3BU


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXY




M97


M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





M8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M3$5&5#H@



+4%

M

'!T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M;BP@5&EM97





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXS-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9F9F9F9F)SXS


M5#H@


M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

3AP

'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97




M



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;&4]



M8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3U(Z

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

1494


M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N







M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

M;&4]


M1$E.1RU

'!T.R!-05)'24XM5$]0


M=&EO;B`F(W@R



'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3D0M0T]

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

#`P



M5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97





M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+

M


3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXF



M97


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M2#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C


M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]



R4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXM/]T9#X@





3!P=#L@




M4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@






3!P=#L@1D].

24=..B!R

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]4


24=..B!L969T.R!-
M05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@




M)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N




M5&EM97


M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

#`P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4D]53D0M0T]






M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

#`P



R4[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@




M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






M9VX]




]
T1R;SX-


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0P



3!P=#L@1D].



M;&4]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG


M8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@





M13H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@




M13H@

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3BU


C`Q-#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


1494.B`P

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/C$L.3DW/]T9#X@/'1D





T0G(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

L('-E


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S


L('-E

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#

BPQ

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


M5&EM97




3D\+V1I=CX\



M13H@



R4[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3

3

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M3D0M0T]










M.R!724142#H@.34E.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
C=P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4
#LG(&-E;&QS
M<&%C:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X@/'1R/B`\



M5&EM97



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU
1494


24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@





M;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





'!T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P






T0G(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXR

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL



M.R!724142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)
M3BU



M+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@

M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXD/]T9#X@


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M3D0M0T]

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;BP@5&EM97




3@\+V1I



M4TE:13H@



M
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



3!P=#L@

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F


M1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M3D0M0T]






M97


T1T;W`^
M4V-H961U;&4@;V8@169F96-T(&]F($]N92U097)C96YT86=E+5!O:6YT($-H


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#$T/]D:78^/]D:78^

3!P=#L@1D].

7!X)SX\9&EV

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M

3
\



+4%





M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)
M3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD



L('-E







'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


1494


M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

L

3

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97









M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@169F96-T(&]F($]N92U097)C96YT

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97




M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


#$T

M13H@

M33H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)




M8F]L9#LG/C(P
3

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!


M:6YE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#PO



24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P





M;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O










M

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.34E.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
C=P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`U)3L@5$58
#LG(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$
M,!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M


L('-E



M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

M;'-P86X]

24=..B!C96YT97([
M($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M13H@



M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





\+V1I=CX\+V1I


M4E1)0T%
+4%




M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97


M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/

M97

3


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;BP@5&EM97




38\+V1I



M4TE:13H@



M
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N







M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@



M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z



3!P=#L@

M

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@

24=.

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M

24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

3PO=&0^(#QT






+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


C`R

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M4TE:13H@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=2

M3E0M4TE:13H@





]
T1T



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@

]
T1P

]



]




M('=I9'1H.B`W


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

B!7965K




M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

CX@

M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





C`Q-#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV



M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


#$S

M13H@

M33H@





24=..B!L969T
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97




M3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SX@/&1I






3!P=#L@1D].

M;&4]

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M)R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N







M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$S)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$58

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!
M4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SX@



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

SPO=&0^(#QT


M

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2



M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S

M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G




3!P=#L@1D].

24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



L


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P



M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





M;&4]




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3D0M0T]

M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!1$1)


M0T]




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

6QE/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
M3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@

M0T]

M5&EM97


T0G






24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@






M4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$



M8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.34E.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
C=P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`U)3L@5$58
#LG(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$
M,!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/CQD


M9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU


M24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;&4]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG


M8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)



3!P=#L@1D].





M/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P






M97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@

M



3!P=#L@

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+

M5&EM97

3

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M.B`C8V-E969F)SXQ+#`T.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU





M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]



R4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]
T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M;&4]



M9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'
M24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G9&ES






M

M+4%

M13H@







M13H@


1494.B`P

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B@S,SPO=&0^(#QT9!S

M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

L

M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!-
M05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G






3!P


M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXH,C@P/]T9#X@/'1D('-T




T0G


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M24142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@



M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2








T0G(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B@W,#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

T1N;W=R

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
M
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P



M24142#H@
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M4D=)3BU


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!N;W=R87`]

M/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



3!P

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97







3!P=#L@




M+4%

M13H@

W!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@







'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P

'!T)R!C;VQS


M05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G


C`Q-#PO
M9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



M3E0M4TE:13H@


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

3!P=#L@

M;&0[)SXR


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M




T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M969F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/

M97

3

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ-C

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






24=..B!R:6=H

3!P=#L@1D].




M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M








3U(Z

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
M

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS



R4[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97




'!T.R!-05)'24XM5$]0


M9!C87!I=&%L:7IA=&EO;CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS




3!P=#L@

24=.

3!P



M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M3BU


M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2





M



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/C$W.#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M14E'2%0Z(#$N




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






24=..B!R:6=H

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



3!P=#L@

'!T.R!-05)'



L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL



R4[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3

2PR
S(\+W1D/B`\=&0@



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXX-#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]





M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M13H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'







M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T

M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





3!P=#L@1D].



7!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@1D].



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

3AP=#L@

'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M97

M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[


M4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@


M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




3U(Z(-C
M8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

T0G0D%#2T=2

M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S



3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

T0G0D%#

M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@




M0T]

M;W=R87`]

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S


L('-E

3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#


L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!
M4D=)3BU





3!P





M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






24=..B!R:6=H

3!P=#L@1D].




M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M

M+4%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3
E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F


M1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2











M0T]

M)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M0T]

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$S)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$58


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($U!4D=)3BU





M





3!P=#L@1D].



7!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@1D].


3!P=#L@


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


M3E0M4TE:13H@


3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!


M4#H@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N
M;W=R87`]

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S

#`P



M.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@







M5&EM97



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%





M

M8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD:78@





M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/CQD



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M

30\



+4%



M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&



3!P










M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+

M5&EM97

3


M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXY-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]



M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


M;&4]


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)424-!

3PO=&0^(#QT



M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%

L('-E





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$S)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$58

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!
M4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


M;&4]


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
E.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P





3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

T0G0D%#2T=2

M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S





M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SX@





M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M3E0M4TE:13H@




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P





M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=23U5.

M3E0M4TE:13H@




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P













3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@

]
T1P

]



]

96%S97


M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q


M1%1(.B`Y-24[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`R-W!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#4E
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!B;W)D97(],T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S



T0G

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B9N8G-P



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

3!P=#L@

M3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

3


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z



3!P=#L@

M

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@


M9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M13H@

24=..B!L
M969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]



M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


W.3PO





M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

C
\+W1D/B`\=&0@





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%!!


M3D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%







M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N
M;W=R87`]

M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S

#`P



M.B`Q
R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N
M;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)FYB

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;&4]

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4G/CQD



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S




M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.



M;BP@5&EM97


M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W




M=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M13H@


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

R4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

L

M97


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]




M3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

24=..B!L
M969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M;&4]




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXD/]T9#X@


'!T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXQ+#,T-3PO=&0^(#QT9!S

T1N


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z




M

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@





;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S
%\S8S!A



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@


]

]


]




M





3!P=#L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M9&]U8FQE.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-



M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M(#(R)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P







'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97



L



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

M(&-O;'-P86X]

24=..B!C96YT
M97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






T0G


M13H@


3!P=#L@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97






M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P


M

M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N








+4%



M4E1)0T%
+4%


M:6YL:6YE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M9CL@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B`C
#`P

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU
1494


24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M:6YE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/E!R;V1U8W1S($1I=FES:6]N/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


L





M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)4


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@





M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M13H@


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






M($U!4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M3D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M24142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]


M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.

3!P=#L@1D].

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M33H@(S`P
#`P


M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/







M.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N
M;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)FYB

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


L

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P




'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

1494.B`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

24=..B!L
M969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M;&4]


M

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXU,PW


M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2




M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P






3!P=#L@1D].




M3D0M0T]

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S


RPT
#$\+W1D


M(S`P
#`P

M;&4]



M8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M13H@


T0G


T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE








M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P



M2#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M3BU


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T]

M;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

#`P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4D]53D0M0T]


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/


L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!
M4D=)3BU


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




M

3!P=#L@


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXM/]T9#X@/'1D





3!P=#L@1D].




M3D0M0T]

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F



P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/

T0G

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D]53D0M0T]


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE








M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P



M2#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M3BU


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T]

M;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

#`P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M







L

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

P
M
#`P
#`@











M;&4]

M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[(%!!1$1)


M0T]


M

M=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X.R!-05)'24XM


M=&%X97




M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU




M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



M.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ

M3BU


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I


24=..B!L969T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P
M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N




M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXF


M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P



M1%1(.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14

M4D=)3BU


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97




M13H@


M97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R
M87`]

L

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

#`P


M8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


24=..B!R

3!P

M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97












M9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@4$%$1$E.1RU

#L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@
'!X.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@34%21TE.+4Q%

M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3$L
S

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

3!P=#L@1D].

M(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

3!P


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

#`P

M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

M13H@


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M8V5E9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M4TE:13H@

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




M


L

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9F9F9F9F)SXS+#8P
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M;&4]

M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P




M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXS+#@W-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&


M;&4[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52

M4D=)3BU


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F


M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M



M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%

M



M;&4]





3!P=#L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P

1494.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-

'!T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO







M8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)



M:6YL:6YE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



B4[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU

M

24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3!P=#L@







T0G




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

3!P=#L@1D].



M2%0Z(#$N






M24XZ(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

T0G9&ES



\



+4%



M4E1)0T%
+4%


M:6YE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT




T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ
M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N









M


M13H@


3!P=#L@1D].


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P


M

M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





3!P


#`P

M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ





M24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M97


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=2

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M1%1(.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M8V-E969F)SXU


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@34%21TE.

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+

M




24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%2





M13H@


1494.B`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L('-E

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M13H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P


#`P



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D]53D0M0T]





M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M:68[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE
M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE







M;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




3!P

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C


M:68[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F


M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]

#`P
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M0T]

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N


M.R!724142#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

3U(Z

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N

M3D0M0T]

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M;&4]


M

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

M0T]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M2#H@
24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






24=..B!R:6=H

3!P=#L@1D].




M4TE:13H@


1494


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($U!4D=)3BU

3U(Z

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]






3!P=#L@1D].

R+#0S



M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4







M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU




M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



M3$5&5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




M




4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F



M.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I



3!P=#L@

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU



M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@

1494






M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M+#`Q


'!T

3!P=#L@1D].



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3!P=#L@1D].




M4TE:13H@


1494


M
#`P


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M.R!724142#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M4TE:13H@

M33H@



M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S

#`P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/C$V+#8S-3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL





'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5$@Z(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M


M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D

1494.B`P


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S

M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

1494


M
#`P



M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P







M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!N;W=R87`]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X



M

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@




M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/

T0G

M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M



M3D0M0T]

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G




M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`E.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)R!N;W=R87`]


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@




M2#H@
3`E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

2PT
M


M)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D

1494.B`P




3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F


M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=

M;&4]


3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F


M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+

M


3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXF


M3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/

T0G


3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXF;F)S

T0G0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P





M(#!P=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N





3!P=#L@1D].



1494


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F)SXF


M.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P



M1%1(.B`Q
4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14

M4D=)3BU


M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ




M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




1494


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@




3!P=#L@




M+4%

M4TE:13H@


M97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M




'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M+!S97)I9CL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#


3!P=#L@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[
M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@

M97)I9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


2PP


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+4)/

M3BU


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@




M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)SXS+#$V-#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@

CPO



M(#$E.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2



M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'


3U(Z

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%



M(S`P
#`P

M+4)/5%1/33H@
W!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@




S0U
C-?
M9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
S!?
V
P860Y
F$X8F

O4VAE970R
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]
T1N


]





]
T1N=6UP/C4L












]











]

]
T1P

]
T1T


M

M:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1R


T1T;W`^5')A;G-P;W)T871I;VX@17%U:7!M
M96YT(%M-96UB97)=('P@36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@







]





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]


]





]





]


]








M:6-I97


]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^
M4V%L97
@4F5V96YU92P@3F5T(%M-96UB97)=('P@0W5S=&]M97(@0V]N8V5N
M=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%M-96UB97)=('P@1&]L;&%R($=E;F5R86P@6TUE;6)E

]


]

]


T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K


M
T1T;W`^4V%L97
@4F5V96YU92P@3F5T(%M-96UB97)=('P@0W5S=&]M97(@


]


]

]


T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K



T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C
&%D.3)A.&)C-@T*



]

M:60]

M0V%P=&EO;G
@+2!#;VUP;W-I=&EO;B!O9B!#97)T86EN($9I;F%N8VEA;!3
M=&%T96UE;G0@0V%P=&EO;G,@*$1E=&%I;',I(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S=')O

M




]
T1T

]





#`P




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
CDP+#`P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#$R.2PP


RPS
S@L
#`P

]

M
C$L
CDR+#`P


]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L.#`R+#`P



]


S4R+#`P



]

]
T1N





]
T1N=6UP/C4L-3(R+#`P











T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T

]
T1N=6T^*#4X+#0U









RPV-30L
#`P/'-P86X^

3
L
30P
M+#`P

]

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
M

M;7`^-BPP







]










S(W+#`P


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP

Q+#`P


]





]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
3(W+#`P



\




M;7`^
C0Q+#`P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#`P



]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L
C`P+#`P

]
M



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@L
S
W
M+#`P

]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
C(W+#`P



T1T;W`^0V%P:71A




]

]
T1N=6UP/C8T


]








L
#`P


M-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N
M(#

M=BX@
#$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3F]V+B`P
2P@



#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]


]


]











]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3(W
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(N

M;F5F:70@4&QA;BP@07-S=6UP=&EO;G
@57-E9!#86QC=6QA=&EN9R!96YE












]
T1N=6UP/C0L-3(Q+#`P


]


]




]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L
S4Y+#`P

]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L
M86XL($-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G,@8GD@16UP;&]Y97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3@W+#`P


]


]


]


]

]

]
T1R:#X-










]


]


]


]

]
M


#`P/'-P86X^

3$R+#`P
M










]










]











]


]


]







]

R!Y

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

#%+(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@










#`L







M;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&8T
S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
S!?
V
P860Y
F$X8F
V

O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


I


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3F]V+B`P
2P@
C`Q

]





]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#$Y+#`P
#QS

]







]
T1N=6UP/C$L

2PP



M


S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T
M83-F7V$T
S!?
V
P860Y
F$X8F

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


]



]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C@N


T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C
&%D


]
M


M9!3=&%T=7,@;V8@4&QA;G,@*$1E=&%I;',I(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S=')O

M






]



RPR-C8L


M


BPP


]
T1N=6UP/C(L.3
Y+#`P



T1T



M

]



T1T;W`^2&5A

]

#`P








L





]

M-30L




]
T1N=6T^
M*#$P+#`S








T1T;W`^3F5T(&%M;W5N


]

M;VYS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\







S
2PP
#`I/'-P86X^

2PR

M

]


]


]

2PS
M
S$L






]


T1T;W`^0F5N969I='

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
C(W+#`P

]
M






2PS
S`L
#`P

2PR





M=!I9#TS1$E$,$4S34%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]



M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V
M+B`P
2P@
C`Q

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P

#`N


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P




]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
N

RXS

]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(N



]




]
T1N=6UP/C(X+C$P)3QS

]


]
T1N=6UP/C








C`N

C`N



87)G92!#87`@17%U:71I97
@6TUE

]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C




]
T1N=6UP/C


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M

M;7`^









BXP


T1T;W`^4VUA;&Q#




3


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&8T
S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
M
S!?
V
P860Y
F$X8F

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7




]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#
Q




L($QE=F5L(#$@


T1T;W`^5&]T


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
S!?
V
P860Y
F$X8F
V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V1F-#
T-3(S7V8V-3)?
M-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C

S`N:'1M








M
R`M(%)E=&ER96UE;G0@86YD($]T:&5R($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G



M3V-T+B`S
2P@

]


M
T1T;W`^


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3DW




]

BPR


M
C`M

RPV
M-3

M-#
T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C





]

T1)1#!%

M='


M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`P
2P@
C`Q


]


M



]





]





C`M






]

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H



]


#`P/'-P



]

M=!H96%L=&AC87)E(AB96YE9FET*2!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

2PP


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#`P







]
T1N=6T^*#8U+#`P








;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S
%\S8S!A9#DR




]





3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S






]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C
N.#


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@N-3`E/'-P





]
T1T
M97AT/C(P


M87)T7V1F-#
T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C
&%D.3)A.&)C-@T*0V]N





]

M


L('5N


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`P
2P@
C`Q

]
M




]




M
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S

M;G1E;G0]


M


R`M(%)E=&ER96UE;G0@86YD
M($]T:&5R($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G

M

M=&%I;'





]

]




T-3(S7V8V-3)?
M-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C





]

T1)1#!%3%A!13X-B`@(`@



M1#(^






]
T1N=6UP/C$S-2PP


]



T1T;W`^2&5A;'1H


]

]
T1R

@;V8@=&AE('!L86YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@Q






3DL

30L.#8U+#`P



]

]

]



T1T;W`^2&5A;'1H8V%R92!O8FQI
M9V%T:6]N(T@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C@X




]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#`P



T1T;W`^26YT

]
T1N=6UP/C4R+#`P










T1T;W`^





M/B@R
3(L


]
T1N=6UP/C
R.2PP








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]D9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S
%\S8S!A9#DR83AB8S8O5V]R



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#


#$U/]T9#X-B`@


#$V/]T9#X-B`@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@



3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




T1T;W`^
C`R
TR,#(T/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]


M
T1T;W`^


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0S/'-P86X^

#$X



]

C`M
C`R-#PO=&0^



T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S
M9E]A-#
P7S-C






]

T1)1#!%3TQ!1SX-B`@(`@(#QT


]

]

]
M
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#`Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]

:6%B:6QI='D@3F]T(%)E8V]G;FEZ960L($%M

M97

M
#`L






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^














]


]
T1T97AT/C(P




]


]


]











]



]


]

#`V+#`P



T1T;W`^4W1A=&4@



]


]


]

C`P


T1T








]

]
T1T
M97AT/C(P



M87)T7V1F-#
T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C
&%D.3)A.&)C-@T*0V]N





]

M

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*





RPP


C(L
#`P

]

M.#@L


]







]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#@X+#`P

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
V9?830S
%\S8S!A9#DR



]


@



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#

#$L(#(P
3
\


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]



]


T
M-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C






]

T1)1#!%-4%!





T1T;W`^4F5C96EV86)L97
@86QL;W=A;F-E





38S+#`P

]

38U+#`P
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C
Y
2PP
#`\



3$L


2PR
S(L





]

]
T1N=6T^*#(L
3$S+#`P



]




]

2PR.#`L





]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#@L-#@V+#`P




]
T1N=6UP/C`\




]


]

M







T1T;W`^4W1A=&4@5&%X97
@



]

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^4W1A=&4@=&%X97


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@V+#`P







]




]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#

#$L(#(P
3
\8G(^



]
T1P


T1T


]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D9C0S-#4R
U]F-C4R7S1A
M
V9?830S



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M+2!



]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#

#$L(#(P
M
3


]


T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($QI;F4@;V8@




#`L
#`P



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#,T-PP
#`I/'-P86X^

BPY
38L
M




]


]



]



T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P
M7S-C






]



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\





]

\


M/D]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
L(%)E;G0@17AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!
96%S97
L

96%S
M97



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(T



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PS


M87)T7V1F-#
T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C
&%D.3)A.&)C-@T*0V]N





]

M

@;W1H97)W

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@





M

T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@



#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


38\

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]

]



M9VX]
T1T;W`^


]






]


S@P




3



I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




@8F%S
M960@;VX@=&AE($-O;G-U;65R(%!R:6-E($EN9&5X+B!#;VYT:6YG96YT(')E
M;G1A;'
@86UO=6YT960@=&\@)#$Q-B!I;B`R


]
T1I

B!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5F

M;G0@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@=6YD97(@8V%P:71A;!L96%S97,@;V8@)#(T,2!A
M;F0@)#$L,3`T+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*#0HM+2TM+2T]7TYE

T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C
&%D.3)A.&)C-@T*



]

M:60]


]






]

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&8T
S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
S!?
V
P860Y
F$X
M8F

O4VAE970T-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

M=&EO;B`M(%-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R


]



]




]

]


]



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

RPU-C8L



]
T1N=6UP/C
X
M+#8U-RPP



M



L
#@Y+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C0R+#
U
BPP



\+W1D

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@







]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#0Q-RPP
#`\

2PY
S0L
#`P/'-P86X^



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$X
BPP






M

M+#`P


T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S






S(L-#
W+#`P




@;6%R9VEN/]T9#X-B`@


3DL
#$R+#`P









M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

W-RPP



]
M

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



BPV-C$L

]

]
M




M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

RPQ



]

]


RPT
#`L


]

]

C8L-#(U+#`P
M




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#8V-RPP,#`I/'-P86X^/]S





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

BPT


]

]








2PU




]



2PU



]




M9VX]

@;6%R9VEN/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]




#(L




5T\

]

M
RPP-38L


2PT










]
T1N=6UP/CDX-BPP



M-#0V+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/CDX-BPP
#`\

M='

M


#`P/'-P


]
T1I


S0U
C-?9C8U
E\T83-F7V$T
M
S!?
V
P860Y
F$X8F
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V1F-#
T-3(S7V8V-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C



T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M
M87

M
T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-

T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M


T-3(S7V8V
=-3)?-&$S9E]A-#
P7S-C
&%D.3)A.&)C-BTM#0H`
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
6
500
000
        


        
(4
344
000)
2
916
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 3
000
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
$ 42
320
000


Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]
        


        
$ 42
320
000




        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
        
        


Capital Leases
 Income Statement
 Amortization Expense
        
        


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
 Contingent Rentals
        
        


Capital Lease Obligations
 Current
        
        


Capital Lease Obligations
 Noncurrent
$ 1
104
$ 1
328




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 except that any escalation of minimum lease payments relating to increases in construction or acquisition cost of the leased property or for increases in some measure of cost or value during the construction or preconstruction period
 are excluded from contingent rentals. Contingent rentals also may include amounts for which the triggering events have not yet occurred or the specified targets for which have not yet been achieved (such as sales based percentage rent)
 but which events are considered probable of occurring or which specified targets are considered probable of being achieved.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
$ 1
762


        
1
838


        
1
997


        
2
105


        
2
234


        
$ 13
653




        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
$ 2
518




        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Bridgford Foods Corporation was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. For more than the past five years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated
 and snack food products throughout the United States. We have had no significant change in the type of products produced or distributed
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
&nbsp;self-insured workers&#x2019; compensation and&nbsp;employee healthcare benefits&nbsp;are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies
We test long-lived assets for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an impairment is indicated
Management has evaluated events subsequent to October 31
 2014 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review
Our credit risk is diversified across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been immaterial. The carrying amount of cash equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
 which may at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management does not believe there is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability risk. We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&#x2019; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal-Mart&reg; comprised 28.8% of revenues in fiscal 2014 and 31.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&reg; at October 31
 2014. Sales to Wal-Mart&reg; comprised 19.6% of revenues in fiscal 2013 and 17.0% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&reg; at November 1
 2013. Sales to Dollar General&reg; comprised 9.9% of&nbsp;revenues for fiscal year 2013 and 20.7% of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General at November 1
Our Company and its subsidiaries operate in two business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen foods
We maintain our accounting records on a 52-53 week fiscal basis ending on the Friday closest to October 31. As part of the regular accounting cycle
Revenues are recognized upon passage of title to the customer
 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long-haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 $5
045 and $5
214 for 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 are included in selling
We record promotional and returns allowances based on recent and historical trends.&nbsp;&nbsp;Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product returns.&nbsp;&nbsp;Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $10
868 and $8
988
Advertising and other promotional expenses are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expenses.&nbsp;&nbsp;Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $3
093 and $3
325
We consider all investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include money market funds and treasury bills. Cash equivalents totaled $192 at October 31
 2014 and $8
325 at November 1
 2013. All cash and cash equivalents at October 31
 2014 were held at either BB&amp;T or Citibank. All cash and cash equivalents at November 1
Level 2 inputs: Level 2 inputs are from other than quoted market prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
The hierarchy noted above requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market.&nbsp;&nbsp;Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead.&nbsp;&nbsp;We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value.&nbsp;&nbsp;An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment
Leased property and equipment that meet capital lease criteria are capitalized at the lower of the present value of the minimum payments required under the lease or the fair value of the asset at inception of the lease and are included within Property
Deferred taxes are provided for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is expected that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008
 management recorded a full valuation allowance with respect to its deferred tax assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;The determination as to whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors
We provide tax accruals for federal
 state
 local and international exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&#x2019;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates
We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock-based payment agreements since April&nbsp;29
Our foreign branch located in Canada enters into transactions that are denominated in a foreign currency. The related transaction gains and losses arising from changes in exchange rates are not material and are included in selling
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 &#x201c;Presentation of Financial Statements and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&#x201d; The guidance modified the definition of a discontinued operation to include disposals that qualify as a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity&#x2019;s operations and financial results. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 14
 2014
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 &#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#x201d; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 with no early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this statement and its impact on its results of operations&nbsp;or financial position.




        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
$ 135
000
$ 174
000


        
2
226
000
2
019
000


        
61
000
1
208
000


        
        
        


        
18
000
19
000


        
37
000
31
000


        
(65
000)
(55
000)


        
$ (10
000)
$ (5
000)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
$ (1
477)
$ 1
049


Increase in provision (benefit) resulting from state income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
598
(1
214)


Other
 net
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 192
000
$ 8
325
000


Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $144 and $119
 respectively and promotional allowances of $5
810 and $3
156
 respectively
10
302
000
12
146
000


Inventories
 less reserves of $601 and $558
 respectively
21
292
000
18
919
000


        
346
000
333
000


        
133
000
683
000


Deferred income taxes
 less valuation allowance of $2
113 and $2
276
 respectively
        
        


        
32
265
000
40
406
000


Property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $58
450 and $57
352
 respectively
12
251
000
11
212
000


        
13
660
000
13
146
000


Deferred income taxes
 less valuation allowance of $8
486 and $5
671
 respectively
        
        


        
58
176
000
64
764
000


        
        
        


        
5
780
000
4
815
000


Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses
6
029
000
7
631
000


        
2
596
000
3
200
000


        
14
405
000
15
646
000


        
18
521
000
15
663
000


        
32
926
000
31
309
000


Contingencies and commitments (Notes 3
 5 and 6)
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 without par value Authorized
 - 1
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#x2013; none
        
        


Common stock
 $1.00 par value Authorized
 - 20
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#x2013; 9
113 and 9
134
9
171
000
9
191
000


        
8
584
000
8
748
000


        
24
861
000
29
205
000


        
(17
366
000)
(13
689
000)


        
25
250
000
33
455
000


        
$ 58
176
000
$ 64
764
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 state and local tax authorities) representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes. Also called income tax refund receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
860
        


        
        
        


        
1
911
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 1
345
        

      
        

      



              
              


              
              


              

 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $241 and $1
104








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 insurance
 and tax expenses related to the leased asset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Nov. 02
 2012
$ 20
144
000
$ (24
751
000)
$ 8
932
000
$ 9
216
000
$ 26
747
000


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 02
 2012
        
        
        
9
159
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(209
000)
        
(184
000)
(25
000)
        


        
2
916
000
        
        
        
2
916
000


        
(458
000)
        
        
        
(458
000)


        
11
062
000
11
062
000
        
        
        


Balance at Nov. 01
 2013
33
455
000
(13
689
000)
8
748
000
9
191
000
29
205
000


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 01
 2013
        
        
        
9
134
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(184
000)
        
(164
000)
(20
000)
        


        
(4
344
000)
        
        
        
(4
344
000)


        
(3
677
000)
(3
677
000)
        
        
        


Balance at Oct. 31
 2014
$ 25
250
000
$ (17
366
000)
$ 8
584
000
$ 9
171
000
$ 24
861
000


Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2014
        
        
        
9
113
        




        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 10
868
$ 8
988


        
        
        


Shipping
 Handling and Transportation Costs
5
045
5
214


        
3
093
3
325


Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
        
$ 8
325


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        


Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Dollar General [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        


Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Wal-Mart [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 food and beverage
 and other services furnished to guests without charge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 49
154
000
$ 54
468
000


        
135
000
174
000


        
2
226
000
2
019
000


        
4
093
000
(6
280
000)


        
54
277
000
49
154
000


        
(11
957
000)
(10
030
000)


        
18
319
000
14
865
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
880
000
909
000


        
18
000
19
000


        
37
000
31
000


        
52
000
(55
000)


        
(22
000)
(24
000)


        
965
000
880
000


        
965
000
880
000


        
(212
000)
(329
000)


        
212
000
329
000


        
$ 965
000
$ 880
000




        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before it was amended by FAS 158
 of the cumulative net gain (loss) that has not yet been recognized as a part of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






























        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Cost Recognized
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plans
 Estimated Future Employer Contributions in Next Fiscal Year
1
127
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
4
694
000
4
521
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
13
654
000
13
140
000
        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Recorded Liability
1
359
000
1
873
000
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Contributions by Employer
1
587
000
1
922
000
        
        
        
        
        


Teamster Pension Withdrawal Liability
 Non-Current
798
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
42
000
79
000
112
000
395
000
719
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Plan Type
 401K [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Contributions by Employer
$ 500
000
$ 452
000
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of teamster pension withdrawal liability expected to be paid after one year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or reflect termination benefits resulting contractual terms or a death benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as one or more defined contribution plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (4
344
000)
$ 2
916
000


        
        
        


        
2
827
000
2
236
000


        
28
000
23
000


Gain on sale of property
 plant and equipment
(152
000)
(66
000)


Deferred income taxes
 net
1
598
000
(1
214
000)


        
1
598
000
(1
214
000)


        
        
        


        
1
816
000
(411
000)


        
(2
373
000)
(1
564
000)


        
(12
000)
176
000


        
549
000
104
000


        
(514
000)
(825
000)


        
965
000
401
000


Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses
(1
602
000)
1
169
000


        
(627
000)
(708
000)


        
(582
000)
309
000


        
(4
021
000)
3
760
000


        
        
        


Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment
163
000
72
000


Additions to property
 plant and equipment
(3
877
000)
(4
378
000)


        
(3
714
000)
(4
306
000)


        
        
        


        
(184
000)
(209
000)


        
(214
000)
(206
000)


        
        
(458
000)


        
(398
000)
(873
000)


        
(8
133
000)
(1
419
000)


        
8
325
000
9
744
000


        
192
000
8
325
000


        
        
        


        
        
$ 70
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified











Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts
        
        


Accounts receivable
 allowance for promotional allowances
5
810
3
156


Inventories
 reserves
        
        


Deferred income taxes
 valuation allowance
2
113
2
276


Property
 plant and equipment
 accumulated depreciation
58
450
57
352


Deferred income taxes
 valuation allowance
$ 8
486
$ 5
671


Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares)
1
000
000
1
000
000


Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares issued (in shares)
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)
20
000
000
20
000
000


Common stock
 shares issued (in shares)
9
113
000
9
134
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)
9
113
000
9
134
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Meat
4
4
1
1
15
13
21
18
Property
1
1
14
13
47
44
1
1
5
6
70
68
(58
(57
12
11
13
13
13
13
Accrued payroll
Payroll
 vacation
4
5
1
1
6
7
1
1
2
3
10
8
4
4
1
1
1
18
15
663




        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 balance sheets of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding (in shares)
        
9
112
165
        


        
        
        
$ 17
183


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
2
2
(3
(2
1
1
208


        
        


        
39
33
1
1
2
5
(1
(1
42
39
49
54
2
2
4
(6
(1
(1
54
49
(11
(10
18
14
6
4
836


        
Other (Government/Corporate
 Bonds)


        
42
42
320


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
1
1
1
2
2
13
653


        
        


        
        


        
2
518


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001437749-15-000786-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`$R!


M!U'+DX[@SD1S?-#K!L(YL@
/^A@EHV@9P^9V$/I*/(]ZZ


M=Q=?KCA
4D\B3PY;A[+0HW0P:MFELJ/IC5^DK':H1.8RU(_A[;`AOGF.]N
M5SF.7B:;\B4$[FF&&1XMW=JHU^O'^NVHJ4QK!Z
:Q[]]O;ZW^\RCA9GQ)5^F
MU^?__1]?DH)U*_NF-=HK$XZ0O6_?$`]4%AJ`:.GJ1S$+]&EOKQ0')OX+*#




Z3(RQJ];*@)TUQ&XY
M%-X
$)NYKAQ06T=8

G

MA+M`U&WCXJ)Y\V7T$E9[\XQ\G%0IN7;Y`.AO0+N8'T&Y7+
'YA(C5RJY^.7B
MMRWQ
W/QR\4O%[]MB9^5BU\N?KGXO;WXM0-%W5SXUHAG4X:8F*;\_4=^/\DV


PID^HWEEX8UT7KX4Q9RGF3_
\-GPS#-/-K`5F


N@*JQL=

L_$`[?QX+54^4[Y\ACN6DK66IG5\RW&K7]F.I\&R)GZ
48




M=.:FE




MFF75RUN:


M2V6&6*=E


M^EH=E_=T'=O[%

MQ_=R/GX?&&Z8CTO6%LN8\O

-SX-QQVW0O
/^+P






G=M]J!VO72K
VMX
U

&Z



?



N^[+-6
\LI8W3&;\0=L=L/4JC-6
MR70)C:)5-%.12P.\#HHO3%\E\Q)'T*6QV[H2BB*D+@0XVEO2+E*[3_W(
]+/

K0


#@:+9CT-N5FH*R/W

#+/YA'1;KEGX(/RVS?`B(
MR0&S$:;[?+0H*[Z7WTD7=JYWFNG*7D;3OW*Q!/JR5C$SZ
27DY[V-.3E
5NP

MAA


U9$=

48/2
C:
_'*
42UF:@S3J%N+:HQ5]^FK



VG\#;S:-H*\:.-ZWV)3$*9$[TE#Z4?@G/%(55.ET'

&&3(&2?+NN9D/XX5OAS@KD_(5(AK5=XH
MQ#T3W.E!6.D0-!825EX

M
*N5*WQL^/T!+]8`F2AP
K7D'
M/V&G#W]J`PY]`@=C=FT%L1G\ML$`02


%//W`
M
K


M.X2H


!^A0
MQ2)K0J4


MU+0).41_[9&!PJ1R$BW!'I@?QM!'.Q&.]B[BEL/=A;B3GBY]6@GL?P


!K
MT85E-IJ6(81Q*WP*]NA/O9(!L%2?Z5@^]&
N&T:3%.QLD%\N@S@:G1;X#W
M8!$5.(K((_$\1-8-FSU@'*8GS8[3!HEITPD4-(*XD

M+31SX^I-9`N'P7K@/GZ%'/2(;&I[`.!

M

=:`I042O$3/$`+GS4-A(C3%#D

)U=0._5W#Y@]Z?U:H2.0_W;+%J-#J&#K(&4@Y_$U1ZJ(M%'*5$
M%H

M%71`;UG&8504$F=EQL[?


N]:8J!UC5SJAM:*DE'



MF%3[9U92ESEC.,U7/.,=P!B,1A1&Q]D*]P#T]BI$#`K,/2C61_`]\\M8#!
M%\*`[F


M4K+N#72I35';6
CSN/^;A_K+1X_J/.IVED)2ZD
CVLRMO.5'Z82&K'R&











DS2&092$SD.?)==.4=]VG'6_9[%+*A)_T'KZ
MNBAOHB]1.;4^Q@IU9V86-:]=D4G!$7$L^)383&9__LQ(`_[_`DBXINCI8_=[
75TK$RK6W/:
2\U3R.
/\A

M#@)[







MB;C9:[OVV/Z;V[T1[^RS0'$)J;B




M-E;OG)76Q)!UI1)?QTF*)QXH*[8O#:2DD9][+VRC68`@!=;$DF.:C6`)A/



EXIS

ME;=)


MZR5*SZ!F7V=J2IR/BR`W#61G;6OYI57H%90J&`1O1'GG8%KLA_9#CBQ5H^_
MAEKP;2W][3$V1W1-?[I(?/R2-.#KK=2WE[2OV==EJ+^JO#39\VY)!NM^)5AE
MQ4J\-W9^K,:`W2E+EPEO1P;%2&9\W@Y\GXHEFQDP\6W#/N+%$4N6'R\]9S-4
MYDD7+)`*OJEH#,UW^43*]L6[\[*5V'/BN
FBWD;J3LH9!4-DZ22??Y#=A^D

^1?/S

=


KO+=O
M,_G$60:T((GEE6(\BZN-=XDHT9-:S.656R`%^<L7KS*VFW'05`F#BB/1*PO


ZFT$#S1%2XC#=;A5:\5'L@(RPZ*X@M#B/G?$;
M)*4GI
:EC:&9`IN^
]MGVKX'QN='D[B@`Q*';P
%B9YK^

MWE^&CT%

M21((:Y8-:+3Q#
/0()\UB9W%&0GT\1DL=]QO5E=ZR\\Y^^8;P/`%



P@2(P_H7XE)UF@SF6+_KO!_R_`MD[P
MUYW+[3VF)/#
T2]7SY\3NKIZ_H-]4F]TT=P=:'YZY`E
.`D4K!UJ`:0WSRQZ
MA



8CL3HLXK^R(JJ%&D;2:FXOW?\
M;%9S%LQLW7D(F,6T698F:0

MI&.V8%L6:2TFTMII#V\B'Y

M8C(

MS_S^ZW__%T+_G*V4E$_0W]^EBB=^8_-1X8ZEOWLB@U\N[/\P]M0:=4.[H&1J



M-S_Y



MF!^9[4[)#





X;

MM`;W8XHL

^I\V'
MJG_68X`N\(?+.J4R3WI

MR1
(`S*VZ_2^
+_/-PR=$!U(YB/O$YL5N*7J?!M::U;Y%L\.M?FP]SC9S!W&
ME+B6*I[M=UYNYJR#(?5(T
R[&4]:[!JY]CE/G$:3.NWY!_

X^-#X


M_6\Q.GHI;/!W$@:2@\Z^\+(42)[9J)*F!N


MD:
)?+ET-2:636\UZ*
WERS)AUHR-Z!$3B@=@+-GQ8=$[5?
J)A1
6/9ZA*K
M[)*?&5.%)-7E2/YZ:;ZUGVS@\]7U__SV]/#'_4W]^N'KPQ.E9M

JB3K;E42=3Z!59*I4&9A%2*;492=3)&&+9KEQ%W*42=UV1=O5H1A(P


MU$VCW+1R*-8OT!L)Q8UU$2LH0$E_W0]X\\!%H22AD)Z`]?+#H/+#\J*^0W:G


MQ5[*C2ZBMO^5!
%'Z`H$LPY]$H]GA'8Q)!F5@DR8E2*/WB^D!T0@
`O.)_M@
M=
O6TP_U5





@_56LH5&6`%FZ++0]VIR3LP'8._F598D!P*6F4F


?AA[Z0=/:



SWT.

[FQFC`NM3XA??^_[CET/8.G@XE=M

M0KK\X`

`!.8!


M6JN9!6]V]!7(,RX0!@=0:LD6
VNI9]KIK1ZW2/!BP?2[\TG#X?FF=SW.G)


?98

?3T:V

8AA0D[E^AE!$%7



M*0`.GWB6ORDDPBRZ3D0=$X,&P-(9^15QKV=8]A@&
TH)SA8'](Z`D0QT'?

4HW

HY`=1ZE^T-`!H
0*USV3@8P'OOE8P!0@Z@D0+PAE(.

MS/!'XL




M-DC967K-3G

[



2!$&^F


W4S+1V[U!X&:M1
MX?O5
X])R!3L=J90





;4V-2#+^&(Z8GKY8W<\#2WUA=.!ZK$]!G^*L
G,6&/'8OL,!6=9QH0I$%
M(%)5B9'%U;P'Q3<*UAVESU?;HHS]1$S/MXCU=9;(OF/!?;-G;*H[;WJT8?!


_H9






'-LZ5GOXY%.OM\-1ME


MGORT=MI8+S
91EM*/=M_8_2/Y+W88EQP.+M6;$`&M^.)XTU)8E#N?CUW
U7$
MGK;%&-L;R--M?MOEE.T+THTM]Y







NLUM7I%-D!QU$UN/(=
)W&IWMCA#
M]MK$+`_IW@LA67#H0B(XG\/U




6
MWU]P;OR+0`/
:^^5^'A(-E?8;XC:KZ;J;=OO$1TIKE`V0C*GM756C%=3HA


M-!@;4'?N9]YY_'E$R

S-'WLEG\-QN9)T/UE15_SI'W


MX%P!RST



MF7PZ\LX$.#LBVVRV5[+`3T=XF:(Y$\.MIM[9F`-Q`
#!([;S39THFU^RDRJV
M&SOSK1Z&%@'CZIEJT&K?O

Y^$I
L
M=M[_AKX6FW/PQ#[_%6FV`0]0I;ZAOZ!A;%=LA:6#G?&0*0V.3`_7=.LL(15@
M^CR-:P3]XR=ZW+Z;3F39[G`UIG#E6NO+T;8&&V`'\)5F0_N?+5/CNMGM*EJK


M;N-V

!])8]IBK




MK*9LF(ZYFQWZ1&3W]M#;N?EA]]W
VJ\_##(VDB?].3ML9/2TK9F6:V$X$N!;
9?.&*7.-QM:L\WU@!LUDM;_5/HWM

P!#F$=
**%(5E

AL=^76




M+$7!Q

#G#]
9K;M0TAEK98E0O'T$'$LM1$)0=
MWQ``00=24'XL9`_]

38
M_X9I20+L?[.;:F$C6:)/`+FWV7VUL(LL.570+OYP0@I%2#)R':3W;2UD@FP8





27OQ?

HGC!!-L4MV?


M3;JF[2)L0L?F^'W@7Q^!K1[:YIROZ7O.W!RBD@';$ULTD4&]B`O@

Y
.'A]^L!71O0@5$`Z

G2E\:KO)JTLE
M/93T$.[$E/2@G&XL20\C+3TB-\7]V*5H&'F18Z$^_2B@\B)E5J1




MCPSM$ET%:(+]$'17^+)/AI&#%QYI3DU02@=SJ@H0J$M

M[AJ[V


!QD#
S*F5@D&OM5C.D0*UR#W0G_KV$
0(L2@A/[O8_+[+CK*'




R]UH=
]!%SBE)=#;

#G7]Z^V7&*K96T\<^%8!55?)/VQ;
M_OPM]MHZRAZ7:Y;Z7AAZXT/$PP;6B:MVU![R[N'3`O^8+
*[1(MPZ=&+%LC*




X?$)/5[=W-S=_S8[4GJ452#5








MC&)DD241*B21@_7^3D$B&_+I&\`YW_^)MIUD1RB):JMYP
O1`[T&`RU7S2

=S2=C@VUNF[&QFECFODH8.D5JG4C.T&/$/K1:LR-%





MD8'*G%*-2/9U6+3*]FJ_EQ\5T9(B\[7G_FK79VS#42^M8-(]^5\L85
AM!





M!+^\$+?O
6(AJG^0HO+*4[G6+=MO)H^VJ&)^JM3RC


MB[D63)]8RIM0(3+#I?7NG+H.LJ;4$DPBXZ3UW0Y9EPH;X+X%[JCCU-`KFJ

!.[\'V?

ML8B/':;.N:N1KP_L=W]%'E7^'K[.7_PT0^W?Q/

MFH%-X0-PYALP/WDN_1$EE?E[U!8D

3L0AZXQ


0DK4'S




L51

U$&_!/P+H8K+FZ6-)&
MG+/!UL43*L3?;1#1E
9^:)^2-4#N

7%&I;SIT*




M[[V2


5Z4LR

51N
@_(:IB9TI$'9.7^






5N):*H=5
MI
[((B4`%M@96:A
V/U[(RO]5S&08J!3



MT

MI.E\AD%V


MB#7^-*$Q6D[?]\M:):4:VH5E0K'G]%:32;7)A8[7!SEYK1D$=/D18]NW;!

8P
L^P!702:3J_K
\_&




P
H'0-?B

9].#5$;;!83C'W

:
X=H`S



M)K%?V=60=H/8&2ZDQMP1TFAW

M_VOF
+QS$T6

'
M.V]F.B4U76N6L?4

M^J0(R4L6@)!6)D





QL%0YT=L
S.$WFRLB+WC0)UAPNV(;B
[





MW57CH8`='(LI-HC^[K9[-QND8VYFAS/)O`2

W2E`9Z:3





GY1VN5E0KJA75
MBFK%\[1Q4NY/9=?(N+.T#QU*!Y@AP*HB0

MG:Z%)(V3V!Z*#:J`F6D^?IME45-D.KA/=\8J-+`;05D&K[?Q7HD_(MA:^PQF



U.9&0I)
M'][8-N&TXU%@-4C(CV=X))4'+&6*%]%PBF;55+.2JZ7:FSA=GB?$LZX]\9@Q
NK^T&W)#NSJV6&]5H8+)2]TWSS_.T0,/!#C
MAY)F)IA:L[D<=[Z_,`O-7[DAELY,ZT0P#^RL7IKCZI[3=[E*^#CP@SR.W
M(B%3H-!'=K8]$B).5Z[U1)&#G3UC=6EPNJU






M
P-P*PI6E#+]
T
K3E1-$\`%#;Z3FD
M*!K16X/XP2UEM'Z*UHT+=/&IP9;)Q,M:Q]^**B;$:AIF=D][69GJ0I@;UO
M8^FQ






M)^



K1-%(SL





MD0F#+M@5P;Y]2V\'FP1A_.!DN[-08KM+!5BCT4MM9`ZF`/!_A=K$;.A[`+VF
MGP[Z&[C]0]N\ANO)G^Z


9B
?S-R%S]
2O[!Y
M6;_S=+/'.-OL)LHW766AEW2V5&DM!DER0K`7V+MD?BQ`GUTFLQ_T:Y
PEGX+



]K)4

M^8RCV5J/X



PKN;*`W)(VMZ$+Z4Y8/0`/PB`[

UXQ_1N74CIZ_E..\V3.RC;QF

;FPHD7.MPRI8
^_+9=5A
MS8/70_;B79DLS1)M&=I]NGXX
H(KL31W?IPLD/T/$VLD-19*9$;QJ=]:C?



6-2X5
J24(JE^B.]TL
1[9O0:UKTC4Q


J`V:64^FI$7I

_`5[Q3(B$I@.`.$3^G9W
M\_*OCZC7^G%6*O[U]DM\V+.WGCA6X$L+%-&8O'^B\LD*1Q\1-4;HJPL$*9@!
MM-ASA\QO`:\G
+$H?MUGHY[@SWA#_!^V+7_^%GMM'66/_WO[]')W??4U.?R^



56JL76




M1@Q]0J*`#4$.@F@\B;\0)

+`=[_JA8








_%?;9-(-M=:R+BB0&`6G6%LR#[;0E&-
MO&`63=P=*31+E3POIU%\!WV'2!!*=N.*:!&(!&;AV?*Z7MV2VC.F&TG`+)R\


OO4W`AI[)PDT915V&DEGUDAB:85
[
M

;VA:_]-59R);WL^?#@KY)!(
MQ1'2F!

M%^-'Z]:
TC/E51


=
VRA\`M[71
+#L:4Q$&S+8L




3
EAXMMC[-O.
ME#[AE00AI0T;:

!($4AI04?'=
*)E9



7$0!I?H



R


MK*2PDL*G4GH
KUE)1#[$DZQG3NB1@%L^24B@[BB7/


]I'1Z

MG&7[-'D'4YSR-]


MH('G.-Y;\+$X3(M&
C&O
+$`;')


$$VS2T_SEHL%?3[!E):_[GD\I`OY

7_BH#JA^RG7\0X\







MNB$#XOOTCVMO##E^.





'L




1;8LV47



:[LY[D
5KC!]46T`H2Q60_

8RI.F:1)A
M72E/
BM/$A7@*N5)#.5)[ZK^`$I[.HUXZD%UV^:Q?4+)**5B:%Z;66=CYM

GOKD^:?[7/0EC


M):MJ%$R33



1`*SX-0R0XKLU[WR




M%3`+3@0R+KM&R=@^#U?(CXHEJP)FT?/W+HVRW9F*)55.H:BG]CNQ;/`JACYT
M!F3M!UWR'C(OHSPR5L@T(X'`++@:J7O9*CN&?![I0!*I/8HE%4LJEA35^W/N




%$V8#^@0'
M]&YV5\;[I&YNSU7S?516MTK1K



M$$
A21TOD;2D&<.U%YK65?U8

%&L*PIHM




M=Z@^02%J/+E'0II,&^5BM*U8BI.T*=VV6N7;7T7(^B5+TJQ5LFL57Y:L$L
M=6RGTI&T=;6
6B;7

U6*:KGV;!
MQ%V^;BF/JJCBCSM?OW^X/C&]H6O_#=T@?-OS%[KU2W0)QF+$`C
@I
JZS)(
.(^,KWQQ<C

3TGBJ1'[&+6#14

86+6<L:




P\H`2MPL7Q</%\#@(*9\]0LVZ




^_

M_J'3ZT+!!/WSP0P]J@8@0ZNQD[Q$+R

*

M;VS8K9&UVU:C)]1N4PO%2].?WGNNR5]D'O1_UJPU)[Q@S:=7[W907WI_`3H^
MONF::NX^'I+?F?Z^%L/=7J/9ZV1AN-=N'83A+1@Y


Z^]]W['K`2P=7/R:

BO3<-3:RZ#G!NB(
M.]'93HSMAZ!GLU!'/]I&QA[X_;%S!;TBL&LN6:\YD)]6`GMZ*Q/[C6Z[NPSV
MZM/W`G`S3A<!S&2];J^[#WSK\7QE638/J.3`YG^87L5<,E%`==\@B%UYWBC

-HR;)_2




60#:)6_(AP!T
SQQ(<D:M:AEBTYPOZ09S.Q=MP<.2/)GX;60[A'W`



MB*_&7AKP]5;JVQ0



9E2`4F20.1E#



K6B6E&MJ%:LT(K2J)-[






IQ(LFM9?JY5R7W$KA%



M;NNH(FO-SH[*V)W

E?NZLV[
D?4

AF-.I.BU?EP:/0$.J=E;
M3]QO!5]:\%HU)N^?/J$WVPI''Q'%.7UY@4SB.

?O^(_L&;DB%M\HZ81
@S
M

RRH&_NIP-^5!

M5R^/K!=S=/4RE

NVXK]%/LI]E.W

[4/T65F#.H9R
RS
'<)[H:H[BOLK0M/H1%!]TO6XK[%/<I[E-W

M;'UX'+)
)4JQM6)KQ=;%W-:&8FO%UHJMJ\76ZK86G*U5*D.Y!_7BA=B10@:+



%V
'^E





M&Q(6%*%(!&'AI-S3)1YXK\Q7L6[2*S.

&OG+



M`]W5



M5

MW^)#6#@'-FJ-


%6O-::9H


_^









\;;





MW*=*M2]!M?^@&Q(;J7)PHQR]
!7[*?8[;_93SH!R#^H:3^P0.Q0@'!`+A7YD
M?I?#PZ[

(%2DK!P!

MF2JIM4K

MJ!7$5=W.)07R(1P1GTH/MVY&OD^@:2M41XH\.OJ4%ZYD8%6^?Z82RP*D]M
M*KQ3=LE;





UO2.ZV059BT&A`63\JJ
M[ZBR=@NP=GUO0B_8*;=MI;A+!=/X!8&P8$7?T)7I6@4R$1_P@E9]'M4V:L2

MABX0^ZM
8
4N(K-+I]8VI&QV5Y9Y?+B2I590*XBKN)U+Q.
Z;MD%(TRAZ[TW
M6.CDY=BX;SMV:--E/MQ[(4'&3P+GI9_R*I8

K4T_DH242:\%%\%2U0-+T;3;=[
MAAS8KH9__US

H!A&'
&K6N(?K,!14:4$2]
M_C=FF&(7CM1*6_^N1B%JHRK@A`6/JA+%[Y.6L46J@%A\3/G-+V*I*SL6)5Z

M*SNU&A`63
A4.6RJEB/BWZC2V:DO!(^#D/@(;E-H]_QFAR/+QV]@N\9)0E
I




H45AQR(@[IEIE
=6(.$=7%D2O%%_S/4$!J")D@46@*:C4]U:
M2Y=RM)^R916_E,`OK5J[+5!_D8+Y)7U?_AQBBL5E*^V?/T=!?8CQY..S.2)6
MY)'P;7G6L0-B/49.]@UR?.(D/`%?OUWL//CF=^__6__PNA?Z[^](8,B.\3
MZP6_7P4!8

MLJU?+LRZH5_\NLW$'=#EZ@


M]UH_+IVIWIG

X3C#!



M^:YLEZ=HCETQ(QQ*0]L66Z856$XHP@+)R06U4DY+(MS^I;FW?N*W%#SY^B


$;/=$G8BJ;4]#+4S4=
MJ12$16OI'=%O3&5N5@/HOTFG4K&Z)6Y6?2-^1SBD*`0OQ
YND@K?;P$?5QT
MV:+

R)H6\
M'?\7.Q&+2DI612*:%BY+`[U-4N@D#?0^Z#5-$Z@GT%%ZZ&UL
R!


MDWFXR[XGCQ%+4-UB%$57BJ*U;HF.*:%U.!4?4R5\YP1AT25\K1+G0ZF

M$8KX$!9
RJV:T:HD*2N+L^C[\X9
YT2UJR[O/;=NJLI+54ZFRLE4Y:5B




QPLBGP1K/KUZ
MMX/Z'

M&D4SE[;'D/Y&0';`[QSKTSHN*E9/JR3XN]JAP'+$7Y5_E*0\H##WEPM]NY&V
0I\T9,5`6H


M@J/Z#+A0!:-4









M
2-(+'KT`KI^
@



4GK@6CT/9(2YIE#K54YE!9F4.53$61''R52;/?T6UMCE'.
M89:2#*'X2_%7`?RUN03@C/BK;

XWS83WFSRSVHWXEE0W%2





M:W60%Y!HW21:^[MEH96(@1G`

M^E

M(2I21D(Z2N.?W+9):&:&*0.^E0+?JA_H?K8@@1V4A9D#VGV[?^-F\($FBF

?XKL*(@490VN^H\MK#QFM.*'\MTHA$ESG.
MBT-NXNG#64XH0SDP_$I.)YHA(`:3C[@:V]\P?%$35(YVQQ/W#%E
Q/O^32Z



M]U8/X'0:HSI/P[S`+

M=U\SSB
9WZW%;I]Y5BJ?H2F.CWU#HSF6?-UG8'7S1N2=@5W@])6OT&K8Y5C+
M]B=DUW@XENW.`'F`_#Z05]@-#R!_)(



M-]=VX\YGTHT@1VE?
N@J])/E[.


T


N?%

F1&7(`&#IC.X;$.S
MC6GU
'T:&I%DY_E^;9&PY3=Y&Y0)VW




MLKCA$B?$C*Y4FM6GZU9\[LH]H]]QG5[;RD9Y(-3:42A9EON^T^WJ?C
KR+(=
M%$J69=W[K8$8VT$AB#&(

M-C?;
SRUKMF9EN&I
Q%5SF8G/C






[




9-

M@

MMDV)=\HE/SO__.7\JJHP?8=NXR@?OT4]5[P\02%)DFR*PS@=O3]QJ]=3'$7S



F7/-AVY


AR^8[Q!A7!Y00Y_CFSA;8EGM


MZ;1!EBV0%/TIES+D]G@A@WB$(08Q!C




M^LX8)/D'=)M9CX)=F\T


M-

M[W3:+LBR!9*B/X50J01B;`&%DL58:9P.!+E!%$*E'8A[@RB$2CNHM-
TZO2)

;**P\

2T@@Z
B@S-P7
^W
8/3.$G1GT+)LNQW
MG;:O


MG*!G2+@HV'K'@XPH(.AH.JY?6T6OC86`'Q.*R0`]@!Y`#Z`'T--0]`2.
MVY=5;7+TF*L]&#-&@JU@0CT







^M.3:X:4NDN
M\!$G.`T)PCFZ)J

C@QM*^J%=2L&#K:4\7U//KJN&7-M4'('

M3%!8

?0LD@#,P%
M(?CCNFX\WTE4A!:9!^W*/!;7NEN'ZQQ7
R`Z=:-PQLGVOI3$$#!J8%C2X


5^L.S7=&#7?@'/^@X\

O1*5T%-&0Y)EXNN8


\*C
6PFTLCPX\C)QPNI/7Z&I

O$8






MS`#
I:Z3TLJ(/.@\YRZ%UWI7D-)QX[KM-K
MNP9-_/:''$'032!3LGSW?:?;]4^[1

80
D&T0;3!_#ZL
MX4@0.&U7JGVR.?0

8F7'W0YR)8/?\

M'0FB;2F9(-H@VI:2*5FT@[[3[4BU2J`T4E?1
H1
V7:Y







K';U'/%:].4$B2))OB
$Y'







M$89S`AMY_@ZG$;I






GRK?K\

=!!#P!-H*$`4($I'1$G54$?O[6D9XHP296L8L1N39B$.Z@^/&G@]
M)PKCK89E5`PA$TH/(;%I
YFR2P_[3J?M@GS;)SB&D`GU62#:EI(I6;35!PM!

M?Z_K=`/5T06-(OX`*@#5P:#R.T[/4VT;`*ATD$4`%50U`IX`3X`GP!/@R68\
X+BNZNL!
M&QR8L`9?.G&B'E;^P.G[GEZK!K`6)D.*\\9!95<@*LU\0P`H2PH`H\*^4
M0*O;=GI=J1H+4L-[M(TQ0T

IU$4YS%-
M
Y13=''QT*'IBSGA6H..+^YL3BSP9K



29
M^.7M.`['Z!9G_
=3RL0/BS0BK!SO^^)XF--W68[YE8^)+N9#960T(6G.I^2&

M9@4C5^0N_YC0\


M9O%/4DG(5E(%(\*(




Y'\_+

MD





&?F(
Q()&X]_




SXKA%&Q)T.F5Q
M\O@P?^`@;S`8-#G^M;OQO



MKO;=@0:LR

M;`U\K_N2KR?DR2)_/V'KK+3X^H/`5\0*7WG

M4UQGY+^%F+T;




H\N$8+)#:Y+&0;V_NYN3Z=)N6
XN0C3O@T

M_FT6SX\V?B)

MMG-%.Y_;.


6TOA4QG:H$V^VAKA@3N

M



\.(-

MR`0

M$WI/(%D









M+SC=@!HUJ.DKKRH[
FJ
\.5ULE$-

&QQENCZ3D(EBN.P[R8HDC]/15T8G%RRF[(+C@8KO7M`L%LGY
MITQ$CVON;\5/L(Z?C=SL1.A6K)^E(9T0\3.2XD2<3]-HS/.(
=?AJ&K#1
M5LMV=OYUSF=GT.MW5O'9V8;/;:C:EKUCK:QWT
KN1.@Q6*\VC&#3GE:R[J]B
%U)]*[\V9_BT






5B1SJ3@



MPQ/[
)?W

V%9/`]@I58JV!;XC6E0B0?
MGY.0U^B



@S^NV5X:U.H/^D_#.KF35S=3ZB-43



M$1^_$5\\F7T_OY_R[W
NA;G!94@


MYO'=:D3^6\RMB)

(-Q
^^\6;(C:'6?*CYSX6%





;
A_A$N5N0WO^_TDUGLP(+=$T9H[=BEICP.&;?Y=\@T[G[+MXH'[?O

NKP^K[0<I%?=P0M6G[ZK7*\NTG*@LEFZJKJP^HR6;5E=Z0RTY?JNIY7_
M0KC=7B;G

M46CMN./5L3OQCSZN9F

WC:4O
XR3*O2UR^:7ZV5.]5YC1+LJBJY84

4OX_S0C/KD3GO2CJD-^E./?J2\+[Y%\Q=2T*#DM?R(^6

_EWPO.+4O65JR2*/])!SWIRSIH[Z(9
MM8-]W3E\1@O4QE4DNEG%$Y]HF-^_OXF7[3:9-



M-J

=&L331
.'31$;4729Q


M(EA0B?=()=YW`*$2MTPEWE?@/%I1Z+U*O*^

MZ&T



M8+T=2@/J.H-L8JK)`U1L6Y1;:V2PW#;+=^*Y0/)!2:XQ
3ANPK&2?`SB\X)
M2/3+C+,T9$$A5O+9.V\P#?QT__CVR&-W3S=\][9LW_-$WQ3H1&9:#
9_#!5

P=M6





9Y^*HNM1M




XXW.W*:BO8VF(

XC#NR0@T2\SSM*0



C`Q-#$P
S%?8V%L


W[C



GH!'@HV[H/%-X[EHV$XUH
_$;C9<^=^_=
M\(JZQK2^/$;B\X2SH&/[6M#=T'K,=&]!G;H9QMC.=CHV*[:!L5RS2B98(






:XNN()6.GM#IS6AV+[W`3`ILZE$3*QK


D]I`#85%KH0
MW^*N+_
'B9#5YTI
9SH;?VN/FR;-N`]Y)PPV3QM.1@6'V$R:;*W7E)B:S



80
%/(0]8C6XBK0B/BM8!D`CH
$T;8P*[0ZI0E0;6.V&

X%J-D4F!&S0+7^





#;/[E<^6\N*H:;13KZ;U:I#VKIC-$)1#-XDOLB4\V:KK<_T

X5U[

_2)Z`B7%Y
?$ZR?U4UR`VZL'=WF5DPK$EE
M`\[SEX:4O.\VZ9_1;0)Q%MV`8LB46N$D^LZWCUY!

M8=70HX'X?
Z[LM3#D!HAO
:#6-D%!J`O+Y[2!E=.9N50FO10YW([!WSKSX_?

+/*`Y@?YRQ9Q$$2;@
J-:Y:

M\9MO_J*Z
J1!XKOHW37




:]Y[%
MI?0*4.E0^6)0=NK_4
(Q340]^T:84W^!_ECX0H3_X'4$L#!!0````(`$R!
M

#$T
3`S

_












MU395R`026`*RO#.[\4$HS_H)1CO
?WW;(E4/KU?\


TY#).BX3
C#

2=I%&'SCC6NCK:CHVJ1^:::P)N*;\$H@N




23.8@OHC
M.E!*Y0R(ZCTB5#!##1#8=XB`=:I-0$S?H\,$45J!X/Z$#IQ20*B^C
Z5!M
M8CN!W3HX.8?(

]7U
W)+D)%(H&D[`!

M19#-(


V58(\?DCY5@J)R)4*PZRL=)=@G26Q

MSUV*K7?3CG)%\*A9[_[^(_9?Q($J'BPT!I]74`+5NM&5V*_J17J5\[]:


T#^,B/*@HC7M74/N&?Z=<]J8QE*?\QK([<7.?,-AW&/N`#
M0CHDUH[6#LAGV9I+GL_7=<+^)$K!+7U[H;LFB?=[O8!R@ZG+F3@?A
V[9\`

T&
D


`:*U5W-`#ZV6
QF(

W
Z%#56$:K;

Z'QQGO$5









#V
M\NUUO28#C,@9^SERFM*)%#7@_58V.^N$H'#0KR1`VC7I5CV(MO!9#A$^%\
9P^*0C]
'FE;OE!H9C?0&M6=%
M
-\
M8<+FJ!.`@,BYK5GKSU[[=EKSUY[]MJSUYYMQE:
*=!9UR[^'#2+/(A3WF-5


M
?1[16P3!P``J#&*`[B[32NL

M4[:U3_K68E8O*$%50].6VT5-JDSA



=24K%[^
M95'K\*OXTF7&KOG*R2I-I
W+K&YI_RZ=A6&Y*A/!K0]TS?A95







MU%=O3GVMR4H][7H8I[4B,$V071A3;9A.I*Z
*48/!
57ETH4C`?3F*-1==



J%
UT+&H2(G[E8Q)6R#_?VL!)-

M
K2Y?0!G)(_S^8+?W;E(X6B4BMO=:IMM%]MUL]:ZRBP-









NTJC^#&.2I*(9TO$EA`(YHM-__-L)1ZDJ8LCJ`)!QO^@9V*/
M#[H/QVFC;0_2KW&QW

G][;_7]6;_J\
MMI6T



B3=NG5]L[V7.^J[_=RLF].
MGG








M)

MXO8[3AU](





$2[\-?=<Q9;6!XYK_TP[$Q21NVCH0CXE
M-S048GFTO:&X*=T4?



`Q
)0#8)!9AJ1')/K`86?G2QRL.P8%@/
M#[IP9T

Z(


H4N?!G!)B@/&

M$S)994?YF.5YE:;

H

MV5LAY9IOL:00]2G2ZKEBBJ__&=AR$II:LT`(YY`XI$8\`8)]%!MQ+A)`(T
M.\G.M+1ME'$@_2=Q(O%7.I.I)?M

M@^WDMN&9Q$4OHW8/$

N.B9]@(=#A[

M.)@O:L9*2&YKXI;0S0IHTD7/

M'C2?-0R&0N\
\\XP[PSKZ0QS;=_NT-JF:MJ&PY+K@.C
VF:@]/1!=#9N.&B%







M^?J)5




J?'
0H






\TL#
M#*VM$P8PMY0]QB'5PM+2!P.4?%<V__V%W]5Y.#U&@L'=%5Z9V?[4-PGZ%Z
M0-H+2?*72H0_SQXI(P]4^0:@Z33*E6P<1BGW44J1_K*A).Q3P^]WJ\\E]



L%NMLO2VR,+?
ME.1+VSEP_\6/<<27<RXBFF6^O;8V#M[8JO:B6,%9*DY8E0M'V7:I+OW//%+


#.+(09@T!F&*]WH?$Q@


MLC\D
7.O\J

MYR+IGK*5D`N4A3\#`B_7%;K[1_'*G4P#H7(*B
19+2)VJWLRETXE4PB\@R2ZL\%80]<U^&[1EP[X@SAWZFKNI$*SYBJ
M9!\ZDF
_:'`U
)CQE=%'R_C)QHI@DK5C72D)`D!5=Y.2FHG$_]&4HJG+S]G



&PI&9FQ[0Q;C!04/

+7


M/REA^1T'3LFB@+Z0T'MX#!X`)8+/?/+NOM+DD7[B%\T2[@\P&A4].\0TBDD=
MA@V'HTT#?E8.M#L.1YL$_#O^_0&G_\5PTV#`UVQ`^+O!)NS(.0$(WA?E?5$J
MFD_-%^4-+M[@X@TNV$T//92(DS&_Z
M0Z)Q1XT$_EI[1N:I&`W^L.J'S9(V'
M_4AK1N?9&@4[T*`T)5


[
W
[],W/+*S+PATH!;]!K/N;K&KK*
M/-W9?L(0$%C8O;_#^SN\O^-5^CL&N#@P^D/ZP7HMK\;:M0HO4/C3SF&C!WO

MKX0R1B/Q%@$7[$B]UQA)'RI4O\;%\BJ-Q/L+)4FJ1T'.Q!L:F\5\]GS'29XO
M6H=1FGMM?!6#5=57H^]DT2^4)
7RG
^R*#YZQ_CB%R16R/@AFC$A)NZ.3#!K
M#

M/C_O\_



BR!8!


MV6



MV?YF$I8JIZ=4VW2$BJ8.\@9;%[V5W
%^7T:A2OKZJ[[^JJ^_ZNNO^OJKOO[J


TSJS2(?1*C(9MFTS([%RZ
MZ#)

]$+LOP!N/



,/,U956)
MG8]9GI\3QI[YW?5L*@KS$AC!`PPA;T*C&B_

EG29)])5QH
MOLS8AZR\+Q9EPO\F*LGU8)GAAZ;M,VO!F70X:#38491LK3ZS6:*AV:,_`,(
MF/0/DI3UV;A3E.D[QP`)4A]@1\RAGVHER1F@C):$_F)$O&*:C1/;ZB@393:


M

M[/@&H(`LN,'[.QH5@0OL1.S2@NQ`JSMBS(!GBE44\0@%.4&#K$7$Y0IZ





M3Y






06'$O0M*OYB[LC
Z


''MOK85A7-



M14\]7.`8
W0;$&IA@MF!T5V&`











S1Q


M4

M'T=8!0JS

U^R]R6[][Q.
M

MBA_CJ3)[9(3?D;X!KPFSU5&\MGS'2=YOF@=1EG0VL97,=A%CB^`I@!H36V
M900


QWIV-5
M8(^$12X_$I6VP.$_X)FD^``ZNW=WM[M[=WOTI[MU6Y&Z/EW!8#LO$O6#0A
MSR





M3M/++(NN62;.N[PU)A?4=H`'CK/6H/[AC[2M#PRY'2V&X`,OJ)9_$%63_B
MU_QM2L+?8#S2ZSDPJ9N/?(AK5P:




T3XHB50G^[
#LSQ):-Z0\9G*


[&;3CHVSH)#%

M0=%UD=J
B`RW%B(:!=M?YT&V$*2+X-%DGW5('4&LY*S*


M^AB3^SBI;D8=8)*N&(#M[0^#25/VQ@'OD1]2&=.9L)8^&*!LI;-SLHX+KC6K

:-2%T0'&O@`
M3E+60DJCRG_68HJH-0?P0G,.C+[X\/67E?+
ID8Q21X^KLXB(;;[W=(Q^S



[KJ!U6&1K4WQKMA)W@P2GZ3`GD.[EPX=]^+`/

MVTZV6&02^8

MRVEH!DA#C-#=.4

#1M5

M)AN


)

.FNGE!6

U
;$;0(=[

M


'Q_G(_;^P?
MDWZ;3H@/@C$T:LY+D5M\R8FN$H/F_%/Y6M



M5P`5@9G7&]TQ&=V]7?H4[-(3

\/2QHPNZ0.E

M19!`XD5Y+V+7HY8(9*1F4@D\O%O_^/+.B./MA3EO_[5V=?O_J*T#QF29HO

0E91PD'DI

M4_^Q^_1HZL_?B6_/?O[YYV_$7[M/RW3H0S[IV3?_^_V[NWA%U]%IFI=5E

M2YG^OA2_?

MLQ\!C]\


MR_C?LRK*[&)^/*5MG+GHI9Q/IK2,LX?J&7^.)S0'KX(1*MC)!6QR^K=_RG


MCLE?T))MB[@^5#EH..1I?OKQ[JL_MK`)!TYJZ*0'_M^^V6%[O);SHJ5S5
03
MN#5??!



M`\H:
EK9PCCM_90N\W21QA'_.8ICMN6LGB]/-RQ+XY26W0]#[&=C/@Q3FL!U



M!


MW]L*MO?'D!'V4C



K+

2

(&.(K*BN4NK$R;_G2(;1G'Q)',
:)RG*[-K`)`N(77K3-


M8YF)@JJ7*!9A5O#G*BJ67(M&6=;$X9\N6+&W







M:4)I`&V$YJ(2E!&?N8[HUK&_C']*G:'/;Z5)*#@FJ5SS1=KF`ET2
MHB7U
M\QJB`]6_?E#!;DY*H


M%MPR`3=&='K&
8T+C5STOQH%7R%?#8H5.3PBF`5KP`W!2OXSTF/=NJ%\06
MT5F[F#3?UR5B(:*0U?-4*I:9S]+-P0%'S5+UI/D\50\.K_FH'CW\9ZYZVL7\
M5U$]2.9SJWI

M!T-$_*L')


MNHVNX?;`N90J!%K!9&P?5[;H8\H_F.\-VB(KZ


<U1V-Y1X[/[Z!M52AI'E:&*T.M2GB')Z8RC]#C)#0<%Y9PYL8L&FX1T
ML+UI;B@F_
\@5:WV96XK=Q'7]Y^@9QB^KKV$J\:I@ID*XT'5N.1&#TSB#





F23L
ML1I5HU88/=K@AGN94QMLJ!W'@?A^C1O'QN0=SO8Z$9?*D.*ER5
#ZEV'@'Z%
M[:9@







WG*^@NW&=3I.NH2+
G$E5BYBI=\W'P/6!/TI*47&T#
MV@+?%CU(#$L(7UM;V8QD'(]

MPFG

MCR[N&+ZE?.=+D;
#Y]0Z^AL_!-O3ZH0T.`4X1H:Y@$W3RI`]W[`LBXI?:`X.
M+CF3CGR&8=6!Z9R_.PF0I(&)9ULKJ#MAWOT5!N#A
29AJN0+\UC!M?Z[QMI\

MZN6!



M3*ALG

P&7TCTSL/JD_/XUKZ*17Z(J\@)QY\MU+?9&Q


TA-?2\


M$7@#CT+
R%BP5KTI5E$-#<8'[28W
*BI)SL!L
MH#GI730X+N`
;YN8=H2`)SOQQ

RF?J)Y9^3S



T
0SW.&;%VT+5^^$]VV+D63KO=UCZZ;ICG7FRT=/E/-
M)L'FS&H!\Y8\JX45*HO6\;H?:?'`=$]=SE4_A




M3QERBPSE[RH7NDT0Z+8NXC18$6SL.XR





M*#^TRF!-Y-6U!S

/+I:
TF

?*1''+R^WEZM[=A[_?<O/@YL4BBJ)ZC^5?%3`APC
MF[4\O5A_`J04J`/R)2+J&&'DQ\EZ383K/$G2NC
WE







%V%17


B`\F7LZ.$D56W:T85;?\P






M'IN$X
\
FT0%9WTY6'GPW@H1?UID8@D*FESD_


$V2(LA$K90



Z&1!MN(:0U/;)$1RST#9`&ZDK)$C
M

G#A=GMXV$GM`Z]-A.W4`.4T!KJ7.+H
M)&PT&CLW1C_OC?W:

.ZX%OP
2A
J\`S3
M)YQ?07F]3;-$]
C



W/PSM_1C
^Y_(7C6409-]S.DS6$

MP[8/U6*;M9Y2^1OEY!#\VZ1T:@]ODC5L\@+B:1]I\?22+%A!
I&V`I4?H];_
M770^Y%!OE=



MHK(W+G(ZBO$*9GB@ZYIXOKRVGH_2$NYD)0+5TFY:_WM`?A$MZ9G\)6YR



MRC)=I#3959B5ZR*+D^/5E04D/&HT]@B-4$0.B$,CRMQ:$.)SKB';BM8)/%
MF=O]\)Q$WI:*KT

D




MK_





H


/2_/\:
3WV$N;%[GMP#^+](\
M:G6@PUYCIVG


@^#1V4[V5H)XJ6V298'ZT*@

4#
M0\I0238J:_%6CUS&2J



06.Y=

MWT#$DK@Y5VQITD-7^28R


2THHP?)=.4()*9



C!
+]@Q885W`YXS?*D
M'$PUUQVF*2JT[L6D?IFML.!=$@0@85B.KJOQ24LWL)L`X5-1A9Y[6[2RC:



EC2Y)-

M*$DH/Y'6D&$20A3UF9D9
M;EE@/X0P5U7]#WL?V_([B$F#^1L$=M^!N0Z4,_REC[\B7L\\28#V&`0(8G

MF8U3SA


(U3U:\8'IO&A]9SJT7.UU!)0B*/V&F0@JD+





R7$AF]O?L=%V5NJA8'Y\
MV%N6\RBOD

M[TL1_V?]N'H:PQTJ$[4B



/P-]QG\%R4;PC2A_Q@WKLCKXX/]I6AW-@E:Z

'JL=1M$@Z!FXBE1+=W`\0D

ML&**4HRL5).RN%Y4DN6FH'$JC(EYU(^:9K2Q^E&*U/0KC5Q9T'29UWHA?KHO
MHKR

W2W50M)KN_JXA]T)O!;L%2$D<<;_&R3=59L=
MF2'A38N0\-VHG9?*
?8JF3U:8Y%VD!(
Y])6(T$Z+&9G).EM!3.B
MK_^PF7L^(;49-W

SOYKXL[\$SU2HMDO\7
M.S/N/#74+@;!



MB\0SN$8

@`V5839&3Z9'
MI!5S)7C?5V5I@U6E;8M^;UIR
=UOYFHN4IK8TKE.5LLS(ME/G0.D0'=L!M

M45G%Q/GS3H

MXJ(&DNY
P'W[



MSQZP)#IVEV


?HF[_0W-Z/X6
M5T




'*ZIZ;:




M$);=*Z'`;&X95B8;R2SNCE]!:\._NBUX_@EL8T?82@%0GS:XY&
KPB%%\G

M5OV4+XX#7'Z*I]

B
_(N*&/LL
6&#7HACM0%
HA;L/


%XYH/]_`@-2*S*^ZJO2?
E-SL^@DD4-O
M14M*VF7X6X\)E`'P'@UXB,B,+#=%C/U&`)K3V&IM4?:[?E-NMA/F-;TG0







C







LMX^3P':M3A)X[\



MBJN%)G




MN-BI@V^T1I
B^U@4BBNR%L!_!'.&JU^/T5*SW;*64\*S7O_%2WNV=5E#6Q

GS`G%$9@LX;D
WO+`Y*C@
KL

M'+51ACEWDMD]E)


X$MN\D;9?]*HN.2_


.:
MB7DT1-E1:TA*KJ!\M2LJWGOWFLPGQDUBA_

M-$INZN-G#FF/D7PAVQ*7Z%$_2MH,#:9IO3(5;H6\55SNT`6E9:UXJA0=;N

L?*O#8]A37.DX
*]R8B


K90G/E&-%



M1'S0F!UFY:_UKH#?I)YP*9'8%UB\IF=WW_[H`E`/$U].8?
ZODI+()#$'9
M$&D`%Z






M
[







M37\:X4]98<A\#L.O&Q%H7F/!6UCH-7F47LR6A)3#5ARFIQB])]0G<SYD
MU7BHC-Y@PP)KXT`U5G+:%F2QRC;UL[I*
O8YX@S%KBM_^7;D[.S[P0K\Q^_
M_=V/)]QX+
'Z21]IYM=%A-RQ@3)M.MO@WKOX%YIE_Y&SS_D=%S'&+=



[

M.NQ(C9ZX@(C8PWT
YW?]



M/5=92OZV+2N!SCUKO4?T`ZWJP;4(+MG4(3]!K*?$KZX)P@=[P7(G8,72LCI
M1-BD2U#8FD\.4'+N`=KA#&UKBQ9KZ-*7D`+NY==X!L3OXRAQO^+;2DBXIH\

M9L?2`''GS]:?F46FWDWFD:4_
P\

'_A5Y_XSS1[I

_PXJ?UR_F64%G^.LBV]RC?;JGQ'


W$

M^RR\@M.;A;]E*NY`:%DIWY95NHZZ5;02O2?H5SG
MFE'HVCE-/5'*TEE;GI`.7U(CW!VV!\=PFA-`NM^B=R8*RDQ$1O63A=WT77GH


MZ

#@?5C1@]%[2H&YJ%

+`*S
MYSZS@%0X'X$-[.VX#
+0$7%4MJ!%4WNRR;;E7IO[F:@BJ[(R[KVTOG%^E=KK



.U#A4_XE[^`4MSHQGUX%ZS894#VUT2VX&HNL(32Y9@7QE0\YKS936A.]:
M
;RG20J//#U_9`X.]*?Y//I@=VS4H#/:AEE5ZI^L1*H]WDV]?G\52S$E^W\Z

MT





MJT-MK)GE



VUXSQ):'+/VE[QK]E@`I'&(S!-SZS:[%10$';!+2](HR8U@0
M@0.Y9Z3%@@`:9!;+

M&K3(3)=M1=$DO0C(@2!WL@%;!I;!0(X4+Q((636=@(4XN$SPYQ0=^_.ON/
MP=2IB:]0EL?1;

^T
I.
MDRC\1$C.U`?HFE






61ZH.9#BH@7+M2#54(EH;LHO=N`RVU:4


3&Q?JVL;]\8UK.#&V.DZ)`(:P8K
-2`


EVBA6:GD6)'XQ];8R4?

MZ4$/7+%7C=X


C=


MHU.EDU!S8-\7=&!YN&/6*)`&!R*0()\$&L&K)N'VA5DAME\NOJ6/--_2)B-;

M[N$_'#(-_]5?W^956CW=TF4*SX1Y]2%:'[J8IC[39!39=*Y9I(9)=D`)0/7*




^2E\WM






^]W)V0\_SJ!=N=(.

M&$WS&OT66Z-K:$[?%[RPV5WC9&5:M/*L&9OZB5$&`?E7.3=1TRK*QHM2J(S!
N-*%$<(:BHE]V:VL@]TL?GQ<%WP3A[_A+6JVN





Q@16]SS;3MWGHH5U]**W&D


M[DL2UH(G+_!+]SO.D]G_W!9IF:3Q9'50Q5$F0SRV;TT)!!,+A`@?0SAB.H


M02=K;$V.


M]A

M24N66YILX^=WR\)Q_+1N


MD23`8BJT)HR4$L#+SM]&`#@9?L&6HCI^?@-Z9&FH^3J6^BA3M5ALDW9)Z%

XU]6F
D\[-6.'#30B
M+A*:M.N1==&P










MVOO]K.+_;&V^0NB?U1WU_`+3Z_8^_@`C_1#[_G(TH?/G%PX1HLT;#1_V]45.




WPX^C@[S)#W]K$V&N!
0+.(]YJ^.01$``!6`@L


F6IC#R?G*$0=4@U-W/#52

M4R+)W&[J;[9*RGUJK+/[-H?A/(\2NE.1EK
$+J0%_R*:ZP6Z3WRM._(117T7
MJ/XRK9Z&OD$7H?[B43W5P$*7F1ZB'E

M?=X?HAM3(
8

4#T[V'








;U@


O
@X



1[J7A@

C^8YFB[%M8AE





=5-
M5%P7HL)((HK9W=!8#G-8%,CS9E-!L$OXVVBHBF"$R7LR+BI)L:%$S8'#^
MF]R'85Y4(Z[G\F?;S2833Z51]CK*X+GB;D5IM6LH4$YEAF*FP!8^TP#EO.I9
M#Q?2($






MX[K5($=:V\.VA6R7.)*(*?_02JM$+XF8AXT2P^5CCE!3VB0Q=#ZFQ$+FOZCQ
M+&]I23DR*[T;IGR\W2OE
B)'OD1*W<
'GI6U2!;E^3GM%JQ


M#A?W9\:Q7/%KVX#$0'@3MUE6E$2;39;&PO-=MD@3?NF;5::AX=9/BYJ-_0QI



B68P$^H46+!XDZ1'X?IK0[




E&&./`:=M@DLR!GGIV


MENMHA1$&92@E
[OG_AXP81'$.V3(BP^LXK_^[H3\(/[V8[CBO5.49PARAG:G

M4$L#!!0````(`$R!
$9A;%QJ;D
``








MKJ:Z2=W
84/`#8';
KZWQTK:BVXQ++T



HM9E7)@G=8




52I%\0C\CD!5.!U]E`K/T/++Q\F91U)%T=
M1A#1C(F')(L2(AM5CQQMS/AY*9)\I/R!;?=BA]Q9%E_LX]82)\2Q_:H-
O%X
*7<]4CY:WIYU(ADMWT<4-J`;_A@4Y+'^


M/=[X$#1;_3Y\QG'8U=P$`[`+6
V=&]@+2;4L;LD3R2H0#R
*(@)#NZ&5RY%D
M?Q
L`D7P


MG]0`/BF9PTVJKP'66
;2.5PJ
5-Q0+^I!;!972


M*P6%)
]G^8`*5^H+21Y`:BY_5VH0R8&%\WXZ4YM(#APU_Y`SI8ODP.IV13M3


I;6WV4^YCE2*.@W
MB%%FBZ):-I:3SR#)RW*)Z6W4)+X(LT=27&<W.?T7B<KMCID]I,ECX_V6M9`K
M#VD2B,OY'&B=S7=21_@(LG:2E0T_UUD]ER1NKO2+8Q%$%B5-WS,*X?-J?[IO
MPI?:92L+C,PH)MD=:%
9WY!+5I/2AU?+
DGJK=A]JXJIM@W3_3*L]?=VWL$

4!M#W70&K'Q0=F#KL0.R-FZK-WY6\VV$`[&D#



2Q4^<@@[W3SI0&\T\T[W324!NBE'[FR


MUYL4HP*.7R^]W@%]_K+^(SXD0&DTKS9ZM=&KC5YMU*8VHJX1KRQZ9=$KBUY9
M]



;'G$$:Z3

.UY

MM-
7TS]%R'KJ

^IUUGRX\YDIRM2E@O.9N5Y/[OG1%\QM8/[36L]KD:G'+



=H:`28UAT@AS
UT1`2IWS206Q%SBV95J#09E1]T7TVP2&KD^H+T[,1%55;B[X8/!M1TF.E
M=RH6;[#EA@F^Z\#+\O<U<5#)6&?0R%C^GJ8*,CAC'!HARU_25%\[;08Q-J6




:EL;`_G(X9+
Y@?S+#SU.]N;


LF;W[!
$%HN2!X\
MD(S
DS)8@?`IFPTC
V;M&5%<+CJ
M.YP/U9UPJ.Y:=;VB.8GHB-65]C8!^OZ8%T!W4X'ZTY+0?<1KCWM6Y9)V*X`

EW-#3*`=Z)B
5)$2<1$V[$'E9<+^^G]'Y*)3^E



\!2&U]_V.?(L$#(6-JQZ=553NL
M6=T=C#'!?1ZNG86.U^1&92!^(GF9%(#JY3


M
/'8-P=/69%[IM$*MCIO8^G7%*U@ZW-!YE7Z(9GSE`Q$3Y/+T!?G'BQP0?2D
M^W'\0O?S[SY





8O%R_GV48WW^I6SYRQY7C
E[NQ'P*74VI-3]


MX8B^6X0YDV_SG%FR&

RL
B];_07
@'LSX


&6O
:`A4!K=`H#VZ6NFLBC9=G_

?*VA`K

`.+3WPZF0946(%4*+
MG`IB'GQE:O'6.A4&W1/R89PA3L5.]T14.I;
J7CJ/@=GOUA7-(P_N@NCGO`@
M-+(_N8\LQC..QNMG]_%2CC;2^P.ZSR]@Z\-9)]\%R09-)!&3[W?F\.-]B8


W5$J_=27*3@86



3_8F4S97.A%$.O0=M?*2`=ZW[


8.7S/,CP0?:3.8S.*Y#L670+\E8KG+Z5)^6Q:\Y






MB?

D\._5E^S$I(I*
MR$1HU;V^NCM:PI8,)W;LE%:.NX\5!]#K

M@QW;*#@\#XU(DA)WLI(=OD(JZF+TIA#0U7%YRW3UV4E]4GP^P`:_AA\[4Y-.

B=VI-!0ANVVP
MH$WV3J6F2

4YVX]2B`CIW0PG/97E-TJES6HK]



M2WJR9[ZVW0TR/(/4(^O`PV^+OOH2%,IH+4D2199Q2CG!\'T@6DKE`3JE,
MTG#)1\1I5)C&/ZCZX,6/N]-GS[+Q:.J=*^_4@=4'C?W'3F039YPZQ@8$5T!
MYQ0J\U\E;PF=UQT42_*/

M'\1UDL5]^'R$\
A?-5Z
$8@ZB\HJ9(E
OX9))GA-4Z*G#6R=$SA^R%E
5XU-


?6\A8\5-F
@LWEVG(/O1)GZNZIOIKKZ89G/V&S17_*YV
M;Y


JD[8)D8FZRXDK^DK
MOHR3+^

^%9\FB-LANWQL)(4B

MS!7\^



A=`IW/^J$7'2449V0])I\AHW2`6?@)@1



%M0P]
:\N[)WDH^+1U;6GKWE,PM14B-D/ID12=6TZ#@=A?:+35.!&R
M!.T_G
9YH]PYX5I+0P:P^^T]1$FN.=)H@^M!AG:&A/S.]S`E7R3.)!:DX
MXD8R$BN'@#H3/PN;H`CX1EK%;!/1[/

(D34;@`R:NO]KZRZ4L86_`7-5S2'_7!.LUA`E42W`8B\6\+N0J$E



:


M+AV
2M!7.E?CE/J!A
LZ=+9)@8<V]MOK3R3HF(%B%+TT!Q]J\


W??R'I$_E(LW*!]S@IC6H]'&P:
MV:0.`\/Q:--@GU8#[8[CT2;!_CU\?\#I/QAN&@!\H0.ROQO




M6IY^915`0+8'8H_?X*U+LLIDH4J
]C?-4&2[U_6J<3HM](F):+YAE5HS\'BZOF)%8<P9W#<V9@K&[6=#0*(YK








.Y-
M6;Y8WG1
62`)%.3#)!1D'4*.OB7F&+#J8OC4K!0QL=5*H4;99*P4?=BST$JA





[4'










D8=8X/APFR



:N3O/@E_.ZC1O8&M&LH&D2LY49


M2.*LV!=+R0T9_/[\)G/F,HH!MB-XX0=V%Z$R9PXZQ/6AY;XM8&R*^3&'C4




3NC?C'#KW


I$YS$I



;6M1VGH[;6::K#]

B8Z?0EX=A[7+I\(GH2Z^P%!$5EY[&;`K*`N+L1$H8
E]

0Q
MY.YL(!E

Z9H$8*@?IVM'_^;;4DJ/I+E`\DWGUI'



MR?)4=[)L!3*#?IX\5+60?_YR:H4?3F1PI7[V\#B59CDZ_IKO)+:V^[-IL.

NJK3B]\7^)8]?L



MBKJ*1+.5[\/G&YK72[)LK(G

L
MAR


%]55OA9G


M7K8U&]`C)V$!?9K_=SQE

^$
'Q4XQ$2-K?RYLCULF3\M1DQ]48L&ZLK:.U
]C7M3CRV5`17\I--
M7211XIP:\J#J.]='?%MW;,3[^_8UG`%;J6C,Q(:Q0.\7=*(O*GTBUR70T9?
M3IC=Q[22LT%#8+JQD&#5/3]HR(F^/4115U=2U#H&M(0G3X]Y1B@L:-O\77

M0KMXS7&;]1O








M/LGYRSV0/)NW#B-\56F
*/SQ(S.-C$X69/S$5D'
MY^MO]?%Z09]('CZ2U@?H^PXS/L.7_ZZ2\J4^`/?.R&)W0-85W,.H+/BGHM`H
M/_P'O/.R*\(V(*YD##\J[W49PJZ.-)QJ[`.A9H5/^=Z<J4:,';\:2%-Z<
M\U1XCZ=_H

M3!_$R1SFH0@8`D&X6J4O2?;8O(P-6N%+

M&J@^47:855&9@#R_9N5#


[*WA0S68M19



UZ'K8H#3FXDP

MK_F^)4\DJT[

8@(]UE8?0'#B.YG@.3NOG(^Z11Z'%D





$_I%XF85:GA1@I25:`)%Y4Z4!3:+L[[


M

#$9'K-Y)F&5
/


[\R2?G]


M







C5AQ-W









M`&)R:60M
C`Q-#$P

_?KE4/WZY5'5XP`!!4.```$.0$`



^X1].OGFTMD
MH8/#HX.#ZV_H=G2*WAP
WED'`VOPWK(^?7SPG2/?GA$/(^#'_*.QH
YQ;Q8$
M\Z-^__[^_K7\


ME[+?
W6FR+B80MZ#P[Y

M)M@?*^GC!(W]($5PE_A:&I6B)Y)UH2=2*1HBJ830TIL\G?]*#&=E:X!&5^
M@)F]`



9M#U$&3DRA(O_&LN3

Y4B@'%I=\.MIJCIH+=$956LXG'VOWW8V
M#D!*H21%E_QC+0NI)TRNRTC1TP?ZTE:6V`I#N:
A91)/(_*Z&3!CF4!JE;

S'YS\?@U





M*3'^@;XH.3IDZ)HU]F?6Q.7W6_

B89S8CJ44`X!


M$




/G;I

6Y2:ZKI5+H;*$4NI5*


P.?



^
M
20KRF0*EQ\:X?)++#2ZCH6.O&2

M64U!.'^'2L6!0*(
^J*4D5$61H._RXUI2AM$V8IG'4EMT`V0=2@W@1R'/!^4
M5Y35%
J;+:
5HOR

M;@W
0[5WTN&IIAJ:+8P5S)1U$PQ53CF8WF.UH7A3R-&?=UD]]]#MFUIGG;G@
M=]1/%A&C;_!/G


#RES
M.A2&P`)Z$




MB


M;!DOJ6Y&


M:KW0
2T6+;/8LW+D+1/X_C6<N@3OZCWCR_2%[''*J[/TT*=0+Q
M%8`GL)OUM_JD]KG:Q9$YN:%MN1\N68C**E4V\\[47*@ECUVK4]=7D_A
Z[*5



20B#MJ*]A$&QU/!)47I)Z%LM%'_7I4-P%^J%O-=9F]I-J^


RF=U<5:I
MPM3=#X.']HPXH4NN)IDM)VJ+1K+OY)R+Q?84`%YZ%T?!(HGQ4EL7+`X][+J%





#$T
3`S
2YX;6Q5

@3!&64/6M3`-
`Q0````(`$R!,$:Q<1LT
M&EX``!E?!0`5`!@```````$```D@1U'`0!B<FED+3(P
30Q
#
Q7VQA8BYX



C`Q-#$P

M550%``

 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
  <div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_TransportationEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueOfLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedAdvertisingCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_CurrentPortionOfNonCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationCashBasedArrangementsLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_NonCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationCashbasedArrangementsLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_TeamsterPensionWithdrawalLiabilityNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InsurancePremiumsRevenueRecognitionPolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsReturnsAndAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=brid_IncentiveCompensationCurrentAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBonuses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=brid_IncentiveCompensationNoncurrentAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBonuses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=brid_StateTaxesCurrentAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=brid_StateTaxesNoncurrentAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherPostRetirementPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherPostRetirementPlansNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforetax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherPostRetirementPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_ValuationAllowanceOnTaxesFromItemsOfOtherComprehensiveIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenfitPlanChangeInPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBeforeAdoptionOfSFAS158RecognitionProvisionsNetPriorServiceCostsCreditsNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBeforeAdoptionOfSFAS158RecognitionProvisionsNetGainsLossesNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=brid_ChangeInBenefitObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenfitPlanChangeInPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=brid_ChangeInPlanAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenfitPlanChangeInPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilityNotRecognizedAmountOfUnrecognizedDeferredTaxLiabilityUndistributedEarningsOfDomesticSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForOperatingAndCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

