

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-16-023725
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151030
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160115
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIDGFORD FOODS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000014177
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				951778176
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1103
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-02396
		FILM NUMBER:		161345696
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 N PATT ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3773
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7145265533
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 NORTH PATT STREET
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3773
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92803
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRIDGFORD PACKING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670307














Washington
 D.C. 20549






For the fiscal year ended October 30
 2015






















Anaheim
 California 92801


(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code)&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)&nbsp;of the Act: Common Stock
 par value $1.00 per share
 the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp; &#9744;

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &#9746;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9746;
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K. &#9746;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):












The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on April 17
 2015 was $13
672
000.

As of January 11
 2016
 there were&nbsp;9
079
019 shares of common stock outstanding.

Portions of the registrant&#8217;s Proxy Statement for the registrant&#8217;s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held March 9
 2016 are incorporated by reference into Part&nbsp;III
 Items 10-14 of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K.
































































Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

















































Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 














Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 






































This Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section&nbsp;27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section&nbsp;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Bridgford Foods Corporation intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. Readers are cautioned that such statements
 which may be identified by words including &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; and similar expressions
 are only predictions or estimations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 statements regarding the following: general economic and business conditions; the impact of competitive product and pricing; success of operating initiatives; development and operating costs; advertising and promotional efforts; adverse publicity; acceptance of new product offerings; consumer trial and frequency; changes in business strategy or development plans; availability
 terms and deployment of capital; availability of qualified personnel; commodity
 labor
 and employee benefit costs; changes in
 or failure to comply with
 government regulations; weather conditions; construction schedules; and other factors referenced in this Report.

The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding our business
 which involve judgments with respect to
 among other things
 future economic and competitive conditions
 and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as representation by us or any other person that the objectives or plans of our company will be achieved. The forward-looking statements contained herein speak as of the date of this Report and we undertake no obligation to update such statements after the date hereof.



Bridgford Foods Corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries
 &#8220;Bridgford&#8221;
 the &#8220;Company&#8221;
 &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;)
 a California corporation
 was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. For more than the past five years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen and snack food products throughout the United States.&nbsp;Bridgford Foods Corporation has not been involved in any bankruptcy
 receivership
 or similar proceedings since inception nor have we been party to any merger
 acquisition
 etc. or acquired or disposed of any material amounts of assets during the past five years. Substantially all of our assets have been acquired in the ordinary course of business. 





The following table shows sales
 as a percentage of consolidated sales
 for each&nbsp;business segment&nbsp;during the last two fiscal years:
































































We manufacture and distribute an extensive line of food products
 including biscuits
 bread dough items
 roll dough items
 dry sausage products and beef jerky. Through the end of fiscal 2014
 our direct store delivery network consisted of two separate divisions
 refrigerated and non-refrigerated snack food products. Refrigerated snack food products were distributed through eight different regions located in the southwest
 primarily operating in California
 Arizona and Nevada. By the end of fiscal 2014
Our frozen food products division serves both food service and retail customers. Approximately 160 unique frozen food products are sold through wholesalers
 cooperatives
 and distributors to approximately 21
000 retail outlets and 23
000 restaurants and institutions.




















Products manufactured
 processed or packaged by Bridgford




































Although we have recently introduced several new products
 most of these products have not contributed significantly to our revenue growth for the 2015&nbsp;fiscal year. Our sales are not subject to material seasonal variations. Historically we have been able to respond quickly to the receipt of orders and
 accordingly
 do not maintain a significant sales backlog. Bridgford Foods Corporation and its industry generally have no unusual demands or restrictions on working capital items. During the last fiscal year we did not enter into any new markets or any significant contractual or other material relationships.



We maintain an Internet website at http://www.bridgford.com.&nbsp;&nbsp;Available on this website
 free of charge
 are annual reports on Form&nbsp;10-K
 quarterly reports on Form&nbsp;10-Q
 and reports filed under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our Code of Conduct is also available on the website.



Our products are delivered to customers using several distinct distribution channels.&nbsp;&nbsp;The distribution channel utilized is dependent upon the needs of our customers
 the most efficient proximity to the delivery point
 trade customs
 operating segment as well as product type
 life and stability.&nbsp;&nbsp;Among our customers are many of the country&#8217;s largest broadline and specialty food service distributors. These and other large end purchasers occasionally go through extensive qualification procedures and&nbsp;our manufacturing capabilities are subjected to thorough review by the end purchasers prior to our approval as a vendor. Large end purchasers typically select suppliers that can consistently meet increased volume requirements on a national basis during peak promotional periods. We believe that our&nbsp;manufacturing flexibility
 national presence
 and long-standing customer relationships should allow us to compete effectively with other manufacturers seeking to provide similar products to our current large food service end purchasers
 although no assurances can be given.

The factors that contribute to higher or lower margins generated from each method of distribution depend upon the accepted selling price
 level of involvement by our employees in setting up and maintaining displays
 distance traveled and fuel consumed by our company-owned fleet as well as freight and shipping costs depending on the distance the product travels to the delivery point.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management is continually evaluating the profitability of product delivery methods
 analyzing alternate methods and weighing economic inputs to determine the most efficient and cost effective method of delivery to fulfill the needs of our customers.





Our frozen food products&nbsp;division serves both food service and retail customers. Approximately 160 unique frozen food products are sold through wholesalers
 cooperatives
 and distributors to approximately 21
000 retail outlets and 23
000 restaurants and institutions.



The food service industry is composed of establishments that serve food outside the home and includes restaurants
 the food operations of health care providers
 schools
 hotels
 resorts
 corporations
 and other traditional and non-traditional food service outlets. Growth in this industry has been driven by the increase in away-from-home meal preparation
 which has accompanied the expanding number of both dual income and single-parent households. Another trend within the food service industry is the growth in the number of non-traditional food service outlets such as convenience stores
 retail stores
 and supermarkets. These non-traditional locations often lack extensive cooking
 storage
 or preparation facilities resulting in a need for pre-cooked and prepared foods similar to those we provide. The expansion in the food service industry has also been accompanied by the continued consolidation and growth of broadline and specialty food service distributors
 many of which are long-standing customers.









The majority of our existing and targeted retail customers are involved in the resale of branded and private label packaged foods. The same trends which have contributed to the increase in away-from-home meal preparation have also fueled the growth&nbsp;in easy to prepare
 microwaveable frozen and refrigerated convenience foods. Among the fastest growing segments is the frozen and refrigerated hand-held foods market. This growth has been driven by improved product quality and variety and the increasing need for inexpensive and healthy food items that require minimal preparation. Despite rapid growth
 many categories of frozen and refrigerated hand-held foods have achieved minimal household penetration.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe we have been successful in establishing and maintaining supply relationships with certain selected leading retailers in this market.



Our frozen food business covers the United States.&nbsp;&nbsp;Products produced by the Frozen Food Products segment are generally supplied to food service and retail distributors who take title to the product upon shipment receipt through company leased long-haul vehicles.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition to regional sales managers
 we maintain a network of independent food service and retail brokers covering most of the United States. Brokers are compensated on a commission basis. We believe that our broker relationships
 in close cooperation with our regional sales managers
 are a valuable asset providing significant new product and customer opportunities. Regional sales managers perform several significant functions for us
 including identifying and developing new business opportunities and providing customer service and support to our distributors and end purchasers through the effective use of our broker network.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;During fiscal 2015
 our snack food products division sold approximately 90 different items through customer owned distribution centers and a direct store delivery network serving approximately 15
000 supermarkets
 mass merchandise and convenience retail stores located in 49 states. By the end of fiscal 2014
 we ceased our route distribution operations in Canada as a cost cutting measure to concentrate on our core route business in the United States 









Snack food products are distributed across the United States. Regional sales managers perform several significant functions including identifying and developing new business opportunities and providing customer service and support to our customers. We also utilize the services of brokers
 where appropriate
 to support efficient product distribution and customer satisfaction.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;









We continually monitor the consumer acceptance of each product within our extensive product line. Individual products are regularly added to and deleted from our product line. Historically
 the addition or deletion of any individual product has not had a material effect on our operations in the current fiscal year. We believe that a key factor in the success of our products is our system of carefully targeted research and testing of our products to ensure high quality and that each product matches an identified market opportunity. The emphasis in new product introductions in the past several years has been in single service items. We are constantly searching to develop new products to complement our existing product lines and improve processing techniques and formulas. We utilize an in-house test kitchen and consultants to research and experiment&nbsp;with unique food preparation methods
 improve quality control and analyze new ingredient mixtures.



Our products are sold under highly competitive conditions. All food products can be considered competitive with other food products
 but we consider our principal competitors to include national
 regional and local producers and distributors of refrigerated
 frozen and non-refrigerated snack food products. Several of our competitors include large companies with substantially greater financial and marketing resources than ours. Existing competitors may broaden their product lines and potential competitors may enter or increase their focus on our market
 resulting in greater competition for us. We believe that our products compete favorably with those of our competitors. Such competitors&#8217; products compete against ours for retail shelf space
 institutional distribution and customer preference.



Our operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the United States Department of Agriculture (the &#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 and by other federal
 state
 and local authorities regarding the processing
 packaging
 storage
 transportation
 distribution
 and labeling of products that we manufacture
 produce and process.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our processing facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal
 state
 and local authorities.&nbsp;&nbsp;The USDA has issued strict regulations concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat meat and poultry products and contamination by food borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella
 and&nbsp;implemented a&nbsp;system of regulation known as the Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (&#8220;HACCP&#8221;) program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants to develop and implement sanitary operating procedures and other program requirements.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that we are currently in compliance with governmental laws and regulations and that we maintain the necessary permits and licenses relating to our meat operations.



To date
 federal
 state
 and local environmental laws and regulations
 including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment
 have not had a material effect on our business.



Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 31.4% of revenues in fiscal 2015 and 42.6% of total&nbsp;accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 30
 2015. Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 28.8% of revenues in fiscal 2014 and 31.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 31
 2014.



We purchase large quantities of pork
 beef
 and flour.&nbsp;&nbsp;These ingredients are generally available from a number of different suppliers although the availability of these ingredients is subject to seasonal variation.&nbsp;&nbsp;We build ingredient inventories to take advantage of downward trends in seasonal prices or anticipated supply limitations.











We had 507 employees at October 30
 2015
 approximately 38% of whose employment relationship is governed by collective bargaining agreements. These agreements currently expire between&nbsp;February 2016&nbsp;and&nbsp;March 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our relationship with all of our employees is favorable and contracts will be settled favorably. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we closed the refrigerated snack food products division and withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan
 terminating approximately 44 employees. 



The names
 ages
 and positions of all our executive officers as of January&nbsp;15
 2016 are listed below. Messrs.&nbsp;Hugh Wm. Bridgford and Allan L. Bridgford are brothers. William L. Bridgford is the son of Hugh Wm. Bridgford and the nephew of Allan L. Bridgford. Officers are normally appointed annually by the board of directors at their meeting immediately following the annual meeting of shareholders. Three executive officers are full-time employees of our company
&nbsp;Allan L. Bridgford and Hugh Wm Bridgford worked 60% of full time and Allan L. Bridgford&nbsp;worked 50% of full time&nbsp;during fiscal 2015.



































































Chief Financial Officer
 Executive Vice President
 Treasurer and member of the Executive Committee



In addition to the other matters set forth in this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
 the continuing operations and the price of our common stock are subject to the following risks
 each of which could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;The risks described below are only the risks that we currently believe are material to our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 additional risks not presently known
 or risks that are currently believed to be immaterial
 may also impair our business operations.

We are subject to general risks in the food industry
 including
 among other things
&nbsp;risk relating to changes in consumer preferences and product&nbsp;contamination as well as general&nbsp;economic conditions
 any of which risks
 if realized
 could negatively impact our operating results and financial position.

The food industry
 and the markets within the food industry in which we compete
 are subject to various risks
 including the following: evolving consumer preferences
 nutritional and health-related concerns
 federal
 state and local food inspection and processing controls
 consumer product liability claims
 risks of product tampering
 and the availability and expense of liability insurance. The meat and poultry industries are subject to scrutiny due to the association of meat and poultry products with recent outbreaks of illness
 and on rare occasions even death
 caused by food borne pathogens. Product recalls are sometimes required in the food industry to withdraw contaminated or mislabeled products from the market.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 the failure to identify and react appropriately to changes in consumer trends
 demands and preferences could lead to
 among other things
 reduced demand and price reduction for our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
 we may be adversely affected by changes in domestic or foreign economic conditions
 including inflation or deflation
 interest rates
 availability of capital markets
 consumer spending rates
 and energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges).&nbsp;&nbsp;These and other general risks related to the food industry
 if realized by us
 could have a significant adverse effect on demand for our products
 as well as the costs and availability of raw materials
 ingredients and packaging materials
 thereby negatively affecting our operating results and financial position.



We purchase large quantities of commodity pork
 beef
 and flour. Historically
 market prices for products we process have fluctuated in response to a number of factors
 including changes in the United States government farm support programs
 changes in international agricultural and trading policies
 weather
 and other conditions during the growing and harvesting seasons. Our operating results are heavily dependent upon the prices paid for raw materials. The marketing of our value-added products does not lend itself to instantaneous changes in selling prices. Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare with the volatility of commodity markets.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;While fluctuations in significant cost structure components
 such as ingredient commodities and fuel prices
 have had a significant impact on profitability over the last three years
 the impact of general price inflation on our financial position and results of operations has not been significant. Future volatility of general price inflation or deflation and raw material cost and availability could adversely affect our financial results.









Our operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the United States Department of Agriculture (the &#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 and by other federal
 state
 and local authorities regarding the processing
 packaging
 storage
 transportation
 distribution
 and labeling of products that are manufactured
 produced and processed by us. Our processing facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal
 state
 and local authorities. The USDA has issued strict policies concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat meat and poultry products and contamination by food borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella
 and established a system of regulation known as the Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (&#8220;HACCP&#8221;) program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants to develop and implement sanitary operating procedures and other program requirements. We believe that we are currently in compliance with governmental laws and regulations and that we maintain necessary permits and licenses relating to our meat operations.

A failure to obtain or a loss of necessary permits and licenses could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand and could adversely affect our operating performance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
 we are routinely subject to new or modified laws
 regulations and accounting standards.&nbsp;&nbsp;If found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
 or asset seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results.

We depend on our key management
 the loss of which could negatively impact our operations.

Our executive officers and certain other key employees have been primarily responsible for the development and expansion of our business
 and the loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could adversely affect us.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our success will be dependent in part upon our continued ability to recruit
 motivate
 and retain qualified personnel. We cannot assure that we will be successful in this regard. We have no employment or non-competition agreements with key personnel.



We could suffer significant reductions in revenues and operating incomes if we lost one or more of our largest customers
 including Wal-Mart&#174;
 which accounted for 31.4% of sales in fiscal year 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;Many of our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs
 and food distributors have consolidated in recent years.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such consolidation has produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories while demanding lower pricing and increased promotional programs. These customers also may use their shelf space for their own private label products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Failure to respond to these trends could reduce our volume and cause us to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our product lines which could adversely affect our profitability.

With more than 80% concentration of beneficial ownership of our stock held by the Bridgford family
 there are risks that they can exert significant influence or control over our corporate matters.

Members of the Bridgford family beneficially own
 in the aggregate
 more than 80% of our outstanding stock. In addition
 three members of the Bridgford family currently serve on the Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 members of the Bridgford family have the ability to exert substantial influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by our shareholders
 including amendments to by-laws
 election and removal of directors
 any proposed merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions.&nbsp;&nbsp;This concentration of ownership may also delay or prevent a change in control otherwise favored by our other shareholders and could depress our stock price. Additionally
 as a result of the Bridgford family&#8217;s significant ownership of the outstanding voting stock
 we have relied on the &#8220;controlled company&#8221; exemption from certain corporate governance requirements of the NASDAQ stock market. Therefore
 among other things
 we have elected not to implement the rule&nbsp;that provides for a nominating committee to identify and recommend nominees to the Board of Directors and have instead elected to have the full Board of Directors perform such function.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 pursuant to this exemption
 our compensation committee
 which is made up of independent directors
 does not have sole authority to determine the compensation of our executive officers
 including our Chairman of the Board.









We participate in &#8220;multiemployer&#8221; pension plans administered by labor unions on behalf of their employees. We pay union dues monthly
 a portion of which is used to fund pension benefit obligations to plan participants. The contribution amount may change depending upon the ability of participating companies to fund these pension liabilities as well as the actual and expected returns on pension plan assets. Should we withdraw from the union and cease participation in a union plan
 federal law could impose a penalty for additional contributions to the plan. The penalty would be recorded as an expense in the consolidated statement of operations. The ultimate amount of the withdrawal liability is dependent upon several factors including the funded status of the plan and contributions made by other participating companies. During fiscal 2014
 we withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan and recorded an estimated pension expense and a corresponding non-current liability of $798
000 related to this plan. The amount recorded was paid in October 2015. We continue to participate in other multiemployer union plans. In the event of a full or partial withdrawal from these plans
 the impact to our financial statements could be material.



We own real property on which we operate our processing and/or our distribution operations. As is the case with any owner of real property
 we may be subject to eminent domain proceedings that can impact the value of investments we have made in real property as well as potentially disrupt our business operations. If subject to eminent domain proceedings or other government takings we may not be adequately compensated.&nbsp; 

























Anaheim
 California *











Dallas
 Texas *











Dallas
 Texas *











Dallas
 Texas *











Dallas
 Texas *











Statesville
 North Carolina *











Chicago
 Illinois **



























We utilize the foregoing properties for processing
 warehousing
 distributing and administrative purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;We also lease warehouse and/or office facilities throughout the United States and Canada through month-to-month rental agreements.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our properties are generally adequate to satisfy our foreseeable needs. Additional properties may be acquired and/or plants expanded if favorable opportunities and conditions arise.&nbsp;



No material legal proceedings were pending against us at October 30
 2015 or as of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K. We are likely to be subject to claims arising from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. In certain of such actions
 plaintiffs may request punitive or other damages that may not be covered by insurance and
 accordingly
 no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of any such possible future claims or litigation or their effect on us. Any adverse litigation trends and outcomes could significantly and negatively affect our financial results.













Item 5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



































































































































































On January&nbsp;11
 2016
 the closing sale price for our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market was $9.57 per share. As of January&nbsp;11
 2016
 there were&nbsp;774 shareholders of record in our common stock.

The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our&nbsp;Board of Directors and will depend upon future earnings
 financial requirements
 and other factors.



During the period covered by this Report we did not sell or issue any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.



During fiscal year 2015
 we repurchased an aggregate of 33
132 shares of our common stock for $282
540 pursuant to our repurchase plan previously authorized by the Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following table provides information regarding our repurchases of common stock in each of the four periods comprising the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015.
































July 11
 2015 &#8211; August 7
 2015 



















August 8
 2015 &#8211; September 4
 2015 





















September 5
 2015 &#8211; October 2
 2015





















October 3
 2015 &#8211; October 30
 2015





















































The periods shown are our fiscal periods during the sixteen-week quarter ended October 30
 2015. 






All repurchases reflected in the foregoing table were made on the open market.&nbsp; Our stock repurchase program was approved by the Board of Directors in November 1999 (1
500
000 shares authorized
 disclosed in a Form 10-K filed on January 26
 2000) and was expanded in June 2005 (500
000 additional shares authorized
 disclosed in a press release and Form 8-K filed&nbsp;on June 17
 2005).&nbsp; Under the stock repurchase program
 we are authorized
 at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors
 to purchase up to an aggregate of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock on the open market.&nbsp; Our Stock Purchase Plan (&#8220;Purchase Plan&#8221;) is administered by Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (&#8220;CGM&#8221;) for purchase of shares of common stock (&#8220;Stock&#8221;) issued by us in compliance with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;).&nbsp; Commencing on October 15
 2015 and continuing through and including October 14
 2016
 CGM shall act as our exclusive agent to purchase Stock under the Purchase Plan.&nbsp; This Purchase Plan supplements any purchases of stock by us &#8220;outside&#8221; of the Purchase Plan
 which may occur from time to time
 in open market transactions pursuant to Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The daily purchase quantity is defined as a number of shares up to
 but not to exceed
 each day&#8217;s applicable Rule 10b-18 maximum volume limit (i.e. 25% of the prior four calendar weeks&#8217; average daily trading volume); however
 once per week a block of stock may be purchased that exceeds the Rule 10b-18 average daily trading volume condition
 provided that no other Purchase Plan purchases are made on any day on&nbsp;which such a block is purchased.&nbsp; As of October 30
 2015
 the total maximum number of shares that may be purchased under the Purchase Plan is 124
568 at a purchase price not to exceed $10.00 per share for a total maximum aggregate price (exclusive of commission) of $1
245
680.













For a complete understanding
 this Management&#39;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Report.

Certain statements under &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and elsewhere in this Report constitute &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors which may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of Bridgford Foods Corporation to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include
 among others
 the following: general economic and business conditions; the impact of competitive products and pricing; success of operating initiatives; development and operating costs; advertising and promotional efforts; adverse publicity; acceptance of new product offerings; consumer trial and frequency; changes in business strategy or development plans; availability
 terms and deployment of capital; availability of qualified personnel; commodity
 labor
 and employee benefit costs; changes in
 or failure to comply with
 government regulations; weather conditions; construction schedules; and other factors referenced in this Report.






Fiscal Year Ended October 30
 2015 (52 weeks) Compared to Fiscal Year Ended October 31
 2014 (52 weeks)



Net sales in fiscal 2015 decreased&nbsp;$2
953 (2.2%) when compared to the prior year.&nbsp;&nbsp;The changes in net sales&nbsp;were comprised as follows:



















































































































































































The decrease in net sales in fiscal 2015 was attributable to lower sales volumes. Selling prices per pound remained essentially&nbsp;unchanged from the prior year. The majority of the volume decrease took place in the biscuit category while rolls
 sheet dough
 monkey bread and shelf-stable categories increased slightly. Returns activity also increased slightly. Lower promotional activity due to recent favorable spending trends compared to fiscal year 2014 helped mitigate the decline in net sales.









Net sales
 excluding intersegment sales
&nbsp;in the Snack Food Products segment in fiscal 2015 decreased $2
762 (3.3%) compared to the prior year. The changes in net sales were comprised as follows:




































































































As noted above
 net sales
 excluding intersegment sales and discontinued operations
 in the Snack Food Products segment in fiscal 2015 increased $5
491 (6.3%) compared to the prior year. The increase in net sales from continuing operations in fiscal 2015 was attributable to higher selling prices per pound partially offset by lower unit sales volume. The increase in selling prices per pound was mainly due to price increases instituted during the year and a sales mix trend favoring higher value beef products. Total beef based product sales volume was essentially flat during the year while sales of pork based products comprised the majority of the volume decrease. The volume decrease related to a significant promotion in FY 2014 that was not repeated in FY 2015 and the de-emphasis of lower margin items. Returns and promotional activity were lower than the prior year period due to the program mentioned above. At the end of fiscal 2014
 we discontinued operation of our Refrigerated Deli Products Division and ceased refrigerated snack food product distribution because of continued net losses. The reduction in sales from the discontinued operation offset the increase in sales from continuing operations.



Cost of products sold from continuing operations decreased by $6
Overhead spending decreased due to a significant reduction in workers&#8217; compensation
 facility repairs and utility costs. The Company&#39;s workers&#39; compensation benefits cost decreased due to favorable trends in claims experience in the current fiscal year. In addition
 workers&#8217; compensation benefits cost decreased by an additional $554 due to a change in accounting method to estimate future liabilities. Increases in meat commodity costs year to date partially offset the decrease in cost of products sold as described in the segment analysis below. The gross margin increased from 29.0% to 35.9%.














































































































Cost of products sold in the Frozen Food Products segment decreased by $1
418 (4.5%) to $30
372 in the 2015 fiscal year compared to the prior year. Lower unit volume and to a lesser extent lower flour commodity costs of approximately $511 were the primary contributing factors to this decrease. The gross margin percentage increased from 37.3% to 39.9% during fiscal year 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year.



Cost of products sold in the Snack Food Products segment decreased by $5
489 (5.8%) compared to the prior year. Cost of products sold was significantly reduced due to lower pounds sold
 lower workers&#8217; compensation costs and lower utility costs. The cost of significant meat commodities increased approximately $1
039 during fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year. The gross margin earned in this segment increased from 23.8% to 33.4% in during fiscal year 2015 primarily as a result of price increases and a favorable change in product mix.&nbsp;







Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses-Consolidated

Selling
 general and administrative expenses (SG&amp;A)&nbsp;in fiscal 2015 decreased $4
338 (10.1%) when compared to the prior year.&nbsp;&nbsp;The&nbsp;decrease in this category did not directly correspond to the change in sales.

















October 30





October 31
 










































































































































































































































Higher profits and profit sharing accruals resulted in increased wages and bonus in the fiscal 2015 fiscal year compared to the prior year. Costs for product advertising decreased during&nbsp;fiscal 2015 mainly as a result of lower sales and spending trends in the Frozen Food Products segment.&nbsp;Our workers&#39; compensation benefits cost decreased due to a one-time gain of $125 on closing out older policy years. In addition
 workers&#8217; compensation benefits cost decreased by an additional $508 due to a change in accounting estimate to value future liabilities. The decrease in fuel expense was driven by per gallon fuel price decreases compared to the prior year as a result of lower cost trends in petroleum markets. The cash surrender value on life insurance policies decreased due to a decline in the value of underlying equities that support the policies compared to the&nbsp;prior year. Outside consulting costs decreased due to lower custom programming and human resource software processing costs. Vehicle repairs decreased due to the replacement of older fleet vehicles. Healthcare costs have increased due to recent unfavorable claim activity. Insurance expense increased due to unfavorable market conditions
 higher coverage levels and unfavorable claims experience. The major components comprising the increase of &#8220;Other SG&amp;A&#8221; expenses were increases in telephone expense
 computer maintenance and outside storage.


Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses-Frozen Food Products Segment

SG&amp;A expenses in the Frozen Food Products segment decreased by $1
090 (6.9%) to $14
625 during fiscal year 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year. The overall decrease in SG&amp;A expenses was mainly due to lower product advertising and lower workers&#8217; compensation costs as described above.&nbsp;

Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses-Refrigerated and Snack Food Products Segment
















October 30





October 31
 
































































SG&amp;A expenses in the Snack Food Products segment decreased by $3
248 (11.9%) to $24
126 during fiscal year 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year. Most of the decrease was due to the closure of the Refrigerated Deli Products Division at the end of fiscal 2014. 









The effective income tax rate was -89.8% and 2.0% in fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2015 tax benefit of $7
323 related primarily to reversal of the&nbsp;valuation allowance offset partially by income tax expense on book income. In fiscal year 2015
 the effective income tax rate differed from the applicable mixed statutory rate of approximately 37.7% primarily due to the reversal of the entire valuation allowance of $10
848 (refer to Note 4 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements) on our deferred tax assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2014 tax benefit of $88 related to the reduction in liability on unrecognized benefits related to research and development tax credits being carried forward due to utilization of a net operating loss.

ASC 740 requires that an entity&#39;s deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent its management determines that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax asset
 or portion thereof
 will not be realized.&nbsp; Management evaluated the realizability of its deferred tax assets to determine the need and appropriateness of a valuation allowance.&nbsp; In its determinations
 Management considers items of evidence
 both positive and negative

 the Company&#8217;s available federal tax net operating loss (NOL) must be zero; second
 the prior thirty-six month cumulative book basis pre-tax income (loss)
 after considering &#8220;one-time&#8221; events
 is positive;&nbsp;third
 the Company considers its outlook of near term continued profitable operations and assesses any material negative and positive trends or events on the immediate horizon.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of October 30
 2015
 the Company (1) has utilized its entire federal net operating loss
 (2) has positive thirty-six month cumulative book income and (3) meat commodity costs have lowered and stabilized and we have reduced the level of significant non-performing divisions (closure of the refrigerated deli food division during the prior fiscal year).&nbsp;As of October 30
 2015 all three criteria for valuation allowance reversal set forth in the Company policy have been satisfied and the Company has reversed the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.




The principal source of our operating cash flow is cash receipts from the sale of our products
 net of costs to manufacture
 store
 market and deliver to customers. The Company did not borrow on the line of credit during the fiscal 2015. There were no borrowings outstanding under this line of credit as of October 30
 2015. The Company is currently in compliance with all provisions of the line of credit&nbsp;agreement. We typically fund our operations from cash balances and cash flow generated from operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;We normally expect positive operating cash flows in the first quarter of our fiscal year from the liquidation of inventory and accounts receivable balances related to holiday season sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;We typically build inventories in the third quarter for anticipated holiday season sales that occur in the fourth and first quarters.&nbsp;&nbsp;Anticipated commodity price trends may also affect cash balances.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain commodities may be purchased in advance of our immediate needs to lower the ultimate cost of processing or to meet customer demand.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;






























































































Gain on sale of property
 plant and equipment












Deferred income taxes
 net





















































For the fifty-two weeks ended October 30
 2015
 net cash&nbsp;provided by&nbsp;operating activities was $7
460
 an increase of $11
481 compared to the&nbsp;fifty-two weeks ended October 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase is primarily related to&nbsp;income from operations of $15
442. During fiscal year 2015 we funded $1
157 towards our defined benefit pension plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company also paid the Teamster pension withdrawal liability in full in the amount of $798. Plan funding strategies may be adjusted depending upon economic conditions
 investment options
 tax deductibility
 or recent legislative changes in funding requirements.

Our cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory and trade receivables less days of trade payables outstanding) was equal to 79 days for the fifty-two weeks ended October 30
 2015 and 57 days for the fifty-two weeks ended October 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company had a large promotional program in the Snack Food Products segment ship out just prior to year end contributing to the increase in accounts receivable&nbsp;at the end of fiscal 2015. 

For the fifty-two weeks ended October 31
 2014
 net cash used by operating activities was $4
021.&nbsp;&nbsp;This result was primarily related to a net loss and an increase in inventory in the Snack Food Products segment. During fiscal year 2014
 we funded $1
587 towards our defined benefit pension plan.




























Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment










Additions to property
 plant and equipment




























Expenditures for property
 plant and equipment include the acquisition of new equipment
 upgrading of facilities to maintain operating efficiency and investments in cost effective technologies to lower costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;In general
 we capitalize the cost of additions and improvements and expense the cost for repairs and maintenance.&nbsp;&nbsp;We may also capitalize costs related to improvements that extend the life
 increase the capacity
 or improve the efficiency of existing machinery and equipment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Specifically
 capitalization of upgrades of facilities to maintain operating efficiency include acquisitions of machinery and equipment used on packaging lines and refrigeration equipment used to process food products.&nbsp;

The table below highlights the additions to property
 plant and equipment for the fifty-two weeks ended:













 





 









































































































Additions to property
 plant and equipment






































































Our stock repurchase program was approved by the Board of Directors in November 1999 and was expanded in June 2005.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the stock repurchase program
 we are authorized
 at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors
 to purchase up to an aggregate of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock on the open market.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of the end of fiscal year 2015
 124
568 shares were still authorized for repurchase under the program.&nbsp;&nbsp;

We invested in OTR (over-the-road) tractors during fiscal 2012 financed by a capital lease obligation in the amount of $1
848.&nbsp;&nbsp;After reevaluating our fleet delivery needs
 we returned five OTR tractors financed by the capital lease arrangement with a remaining liability of $656 during the second quarter of fiscal 2015 that resulted in a gain of $75. The total capital lease obligation remaining as of October 30
 2015 is

We maintain a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. that expires on March 1
 2016. During the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 we converted our line of credit to a revolving line of credit. Under the terms of this line of credit
 we may borrow up to $4
000 at an interest rate equal to the bank&#8217;s prime rate or Libor plus 1.5%. The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth
 minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures of less than $3
000.&nbsp;We were&nbsp;in compliance with all covenants as of October 30
 2015. There have been no borrowings under this line of credit during fiscal 2015. 









Our operating results are heavily dependent upon the prices paid for raw materials.&nbsp;&nbsp;The marketing of our value-added products does not lend itself to instantaneous changes in selling prices.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare with the volatility of commodity markets.&nbsp;&nbsp;While fluctuations in significant cost structure components
 such as ingredient commodities and fuel prices
 have had a significant impact on profitability over the last two fiscal years
 the impact of general price inflation on our financial position and results of operations has not been significant.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 future volatility of general price inflation or deflation and raw material cost and availability could adversely affect our financial results.









We have remained free of interest bearing debt (excluding capital leases) for&nbsp;twenty-seven of the last twenty-eight&nbsp;years (with fiscal 2014 being the only exception) and had no other debt or other contractual obligations within the meaning of Item 303(a)(5) of Regulation S-K
&nbsp;as of October 30
 2015.



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for self-insured workers&#8217; compensation
 employee healthcare and pension benefits are especially subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts not originally estimated.&nbsp;&nbsp;We record promotions
 returns allowances
 bad debt and inventory&nbsp;allowances based on recent and historical trends. Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the time.

Disclosure concerning our policies on credit risk
 revenue recognition
 cash surrender or contract value for life insurance policies
 deferred income tax and the recoverability of our long-lived assets are provided in Notes 1 and 4 of Notes&nbsp;to the Consolidated Financial Statements.



Various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements
 interpretations and exposure drafts. For information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact
 if any
 on our financial position or results of operations
 see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.























Our management
 with the participation and under the supervision of our Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule&nbsp;13a-15(e))&nbsp;&nbsp;as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on this evaluation
 the Chairman and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report in their design and operation to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 and&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s rules&nbsp;and forms to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

Our management
 including our Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within&nbsp;the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the control.

The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time
 a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

We maintain and evaluate a system of internal accounting controls
 and a program designed to provide reasonable assurance that our assets are protected and that transactions are performed in accordance with proper authorization
 and are properly recorded. This system of internal accounting controls is continually reviewed and modified in response to evolving business conditions and operations and to recommendations made by our independent registered public accounting firm.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have established a code of conduct.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our management believes that the accounting and internal control systems provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and financial information is reliable.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly with our financial management and counsel
 and with the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us.&nbsp;&nbsp;Internal accounting controls and the quality of financial reporting are discussed during these meetings. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm matters required to be discussed by Statement of Auditing Standards No.&nbsp;16 (Communication with Audit Committees). In addition
 the Audit Committee and the independent registered public accounting firm have discussed the independent registered public accounting firm&#8217;s independence from our Company and its management
 including the matters in the written disclosures required by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526 &#8220;Communicating with Audit Committees Concerning Independence&#8221;.



There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter covered by this Report that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



In order to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Act&#8221;)
 we have undertaken and continue a comprehensive effort
 which includes the documentation and review of our internal controls. In order to comply with the Act
 we centralized most accounting and many administrative functions at our corporate headquarters in an effort to control the cost of maintaining our control systems.

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 signed into law by the President on July 21
 2010
 permanently exempts small public companies with less than $75 million in market capitalization
 such as the Company
&nbsp;from the requirement to obtain an external audit on the effectiveness of internal financial reporting controls provided in Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result
 an attestation report on internal controls over financial reporting by an independent registered public accounting firm has not been presented. Section 404(a) is still effective for smaller public companies and requires the disclosure of management attestations on internal controls over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;











Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting based&nbsp;on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) (the 2013 Framework) and related illustrative documents as an update to Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992) (the 1992 Framework). The Company has determined that the 17 principles are present and functioning during our assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls.&nbsp;Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for our fiscal year ended October 30
 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on management&#8217;s assessment and the above-referenced criteria
 management believes that the internal control over financial reporting for our fiscal year ended October 30
 2015 was effective.













Item&nbsp;10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Information set forth in the sections entitled &#8220;Proposal 1 &#8211; Election of Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Section&nbsp;16(a)&nbsp;Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 9
 2016 is incorporated herein by reference. Information concerning our executive officers is set forth in Part&nbsp;I
 Item 1
 hereof under the heading &#8220;Executive Officers of the Registrant&#8221;.



Information set forth in the section entitled &#8220;Compensation of Executive Officers&#8221; contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 9
 2016 is incorporated herein by reference.



Information set forth in the section entitled &#8220;Principal Shareholders and Management&#8221; contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 9
 2016 is incorporated herein by reference.



Not applicable
 as we do not have any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.

Item&nbsp;13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

Information set forth in the sections entitled &#8220;Proposal 1 &#8211; Election of Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions&#8221; contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 9
 2016 is incorporated herein by reference.

We are considered a &#8220;controlled company&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 5615(c)(1) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules based on our approximate 80% beneficial ownership of&nbsp;&nbsp;our outstanding common stock by Bridgford Industries Incorporated and are therefore exempted from various NASDAQ Listing&nbsp;Rules pertaining to certain &#8220;independence&#8221; requirements of our directors. Nevertheless
 the Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Andrews
 Scott and Zippwald
 who together comprise the Audit Committee
 are all &#8220;independent directors&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ Listing Rules.

Our general legal counsel is the son of the former senior chairman of the board of directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;As legal counsel to the board
 he currently is paid a fee of one thousand nine hundred dollars&nbsp;for each meeting attended. Total fees paid under this arrangement for fiscal year 2015 were approximately twenty thousand dollars. Legal services are performed on our behalf and billed by a firm in which he is a partner.&nbsp;&nbsp;Total fees billed under this arrangement for fiscal year 2015 were approximately one hundred and eight thousand dollars.

Director Allan Bridgford Jr.
 son of the former senior chairman of the board of directors
 is providing consulting services to the Chicago plant and management.&nbsp;&nbsp;The contract on behalf of the Company with Allan Bridgford Jr. is for consulting services at twelve hundred dollars per day.&nbsp;&nbsp;Total fees billed under this arrangement for fiscal year 2015 were approximately $136
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a member of the board of directors
 he was paid a fee of one thousand nine hundred dollars&nbsp;for each meeting attended during fiscal 2015. Total fees paid under this arrangement for fiscal year 2015 were $16
600. He was reappointed as Director as of January 12
 2015.

Real estate consultant and prospective new Board member Keith Ross currently provides consulting services to the board and management. He was paid a fee of two thousand dollars for each board meeting attended during fiscal 2015 for a total of $4
000 during fiscal year 2015.




 contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 9
 2016 is incorporated herein by reference.































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014




Consolidated Statements of Operations for years ended October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014




Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)&nbsp;for years ended October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014




Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#8217; Equity for years ended&nbsp;October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014




Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014































Restated Articles of Incorporation
 dated December 29
 1989 (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).






Amendment to Articles of Incorporation
 dated July 27
 1990 (filed as Exhibit 3.6 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).






By-laws
 as amended (filed as Exhibit 2 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).






Certificate of Amendment to By-laws (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K on October 10
 2007 and incorporated herein by reference).






Bridgford Foods Corporation Defined Benefit Pension Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*






Bridgford Foods Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*






Bridgford Foods Corporation Deferred Compensation Savings Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K on January 28
 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*




















Certification of Principal Executive Officer
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






Certification of Principal Financial Officer
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Executive Officer).






Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Financial Officer).












































* Each of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract
 compensatory plan or arrangement.
**&nbsp;The XBRL information is being furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of Section&nbsp;18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise&nbsp;is not subject to liability under these Sections or otherwise incorporated by reference.&nbsp;&nbsp;









Pursuant to the requirements of Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



































Date: January 15
 2016



We
 the undersigned directors and officers of Bridgford Foods Corporation
 do hereby constitute and appoint William L. Bridgford and Raymond F. Lancy
 or either of them
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 our true and lawful attorneys and agents
 to do any and all acts and things in our name and behalf in our capacities as directors and officers and to execute any and all instruments for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below
 which said attorneys and agents
 or either of them
 or their substitutes
 may deem necessary or advisable to enable said corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and any rules
 regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
 including specifically
 but without limitation
 power and authority to sign for us or any of us in our names and in the capacities indicated below
 any and all amendments; and we do hereby ratify and confirm all that the said attorneys and agents
 or either of them
 shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 


































January 15
 2016
































January 15
 2016
































January 15
 2016




























Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President
 Treasurer &amp; Director



January 15
 2016
































January 15
 2016
































January 15
 2016
































January 15
 2016
































January 15
 2016























We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the Company) as of October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for the years then ended.&nbsp;These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#39;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Bridgford Foods Corporation as of October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014 and the results of its consolidated operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

/s/ Squar Milner LLP (formerly Squar
 Milner
 Peterson
 Miranda &amp; Williamson
 LLP)

Newport Beach
 California
January 15
 2016









October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014
(in thousands
 except share and&nbsp;per share amounts)

















































Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $146 and $144
 respectively and promotional allowances of $3
061 and $5
810
 respectively












Inventories
 less reserves of $381 and $601
 respectively


































Deferred income taxes
 less valuation allowance of $0 and $2
113
 respectively

































Property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $60
454 and $58
450
 respectively

























Deferred income taxes
 less valuation allowance of $0 and $8
486
 respectively





































































Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses































































































Contingencies and commitments (Notes 3
 5 and 6)































Preferred stock
 without par value Authorized
 - 1
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; none










Common stock
 $1.00 par value Authorized
 - 20
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; 9
080 and 9
113
























































































For the fiscal years ended October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014
(in thousands
 except share and&nbsp;per share amounts)




































































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses
























































































































098





123













For the fiscal&nbsp;years ended October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014



















































































































































Other comprehensive (loss)&nbsp;income
 before taxes




























































Change in other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax
























Comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax














For the fiscal years ended October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014








































Balance
 November 1
 2013






























































































































Balance
 October 31
 2014




























































































































Balance
 October 30
 2015










































For the fiscal&nbsp;years ended October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014










































































































Gain on sale of property
 plant and equipment












Deferred income taxes
 net

















































































































Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses










































































Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment










Additions to property
 plant and equipment































































































































































































(in thousands except share and per share amounts
 time periods and percentages)





Bridgford Foods Corporation was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego
 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. For more than the past five years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated
 and snack food products throughout the United States. 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly-owned. All inter-company transactions have been eliminated.



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
&nbsp;self-insured workers&#8217; compensation and&nbsp;employee healthcare benefits&nbsp;are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies
 promotional allowances and the allowance for doubtful accounts and inventory reserves.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the time.

We test long-lived assets for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an impairment is indicated
 we measure the fair value of assets to determine if and when adjustments are recorded.



Management has evaluated events subsequent to October 30
 2015 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review
 no material events were identified that require adjustment to the financial statements or additional disclosure.



Our credit risk is diversified across a broad range of customers and geographic regions. Losses due to credit risk have recently been immaterial. The carrying amount of cash equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
 which may at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management does not believe there is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability risk. We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&#8217; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 31.4% of revenues in fiscal 2015 and 42.6% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 30
 2015. Sales to Wal-Mart&#174; comprised 28.8% of revenues in fiscal 2014 and 31.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&#174; at October 31
 2014. 



Our company and its subsidiaries operate in two business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen foods products
 and the processing and distribution of snack food products.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.



We maintain our accounting records on a 52-53 week fiscal basis ending on the Friday closest to October 31. As part of the regular accounting cycle
 fiscal years 2015 and 2014 each included 52 weeks.









Revenues are recognized upon passage of title to the customer
 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long-haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 $3
663 and $5
045 for 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.&nbsp; 

We record promotional and returns allowances based on recent and historical trends.&nbsp;&nbsp;Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product returns.&nbsp;&nbsp;Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were $8
881 and $10
868
 respectively.



Advertising and other promotional expenses are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were $1
861 and $3
093
 respectively.



We consider all investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include money market funds and treasury bills. Cash equivalents totaled $5
842 at October 30
 2015 and $192 at October 31
 2014. All material cash and cash equivalents at October 30
 2015 were held at Wells Fargo Bank N.A.
















Level 2 inputs: Level 2 inputs are from other than quoted market prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly.







The hierarchy noted above requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value.

The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis for the years ended October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014.



Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market.&nbsp;&nbsp;Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead.&nbsp;&nbsp;We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value.&nbsp;&nbsp;An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements
 and lower than expected customer demand could result in additional obsolete or slow-moving inventory that cannot be sold or must be sold at reduced prices and could result in additional reserve provisions.

Property
 plant and equipment

Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 3 to 5 years for transportation equipment.



Leased property and equipment that meet capital lease criteria are capitalized at the lower of the present value of the minimum payments required under the lease or the fair value of the asset at inception of the lease and are included within property
 plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet. Obligations under capital leases are accounted for as current and noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Amortization is calculated on a straight-line method based upon the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term.













Deferred taxes are provided for items whose financial and tax bases differ. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is expected that it is more likely than not that the related asset will not be fully realized. The determination as to whether or not a deferred tax asset can be fully realized is subject to a significant degree of judgment
 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors
 none of which are predictable.&nbsp;&nbsp;

We provide tax accruals for federal
 state and local exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&#8217;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates
 they could have a material impact on our results of operations.



We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock-based payment agreements since April&nbsp;29
 1999.



Our foreign branch located in Canada enters into transactions that are denominated in a foreign currency. The related transaction gains and losses arising from changes in exchange rates are not material and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations in the period the transaction occurred. Our Canadian branch was closed at the end of fiscal year 2014.







In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating this statement and its impact on its results of operations&nbsp;or financial position.

In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11 &#8220;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&#8221;.&nbsp; The guidance is part of the &#8220;Simplification Initiative&#8221; to identify and re-evaluate areas where the generally accepted accounting principles may be complex and cumbersome to apply.&nbsp; The guidance will require that inventory be stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value as opposed to the lower of cost or market.&nbsp; Net realizable value is the estimated selling price for the inventory less completion
 disposal and transportation costs.&nbsp; The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016.&nbsp; The Company already values inventory by the proposed method.&nbsp; 

In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 &#8220;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&#8221;. The guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 6
 2016 with early adoption permitted. The Company applied this guidance to its current fiscal year ending October 30
 2015. Adoption of this guidance had no material impact on the results of operations or financial position.





































Meat
 ingredients and supplies


















































Property
 plant and equipment:


































































































































































































Accrued payroll
 advertising and other expenses:










Payroll
 vacation
 payroll taxes and employee benefits








































































































































































































































































Noncontributory-Trusteed Defined Benefit Retirement Plans for Sales
 Administrative
 Supervisory and Certain Other Employees

We have noncontributory-trusteed defined benefit retirement plans for sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. In the third quarter of fiscal 2006
 we froze future benefit accruals under this plan for employees classified within the administrative
 sales or supervisory job classifications or within any non-bargaining class. The benefits under these plans are primarily based on years of service and compensation levels. The funding policy of the plan is to make contributions which are at least equal to the minimum required contributions needed to avoid a funding deficiency. The measurement date for the plan is our fiscal year end.

















































































































































The benefit obligation
 plan assets
 and funded status of these plans as of the fiscal years ended are as follows:&nbsp;














































































































































































































































We&nbsp;perform an internal rate of return analysis when making the discount rate selection.&nbsp;&nbsp;The discount rates were based on Citigroup Pension Liability Index as of October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014 respectively.

Plan assets are primarily invested in marketable equity securities
 corporate and government debt securities and are administered by an investment management company. The plans&#8217; long-term return on assets is based on the weighted-average of the plans&#8217; investment allocation as of the measurement date and the published historical returns for those types of asset categories
 taking into consideration inflation rate forecasts. Our expected employer contribution to the plan in fiscal year 2016 is $1
150.&nbsp;&nbsp;







During fiscal 2015
 our actuary updated mortality tables from the IRS 2014 Combined Static Mortality assumptions to the SOA RP 2014 Total Dataset Adjusted to 2006 with Scale MP-2015. The change in mortality table resulted in a significant liability increase in fiscal 2015 as well as an increased net periodic pension cost (NPPC) projection for fiscal 2016. The expected rate of return on plan assets decreased from 8.00% to 7.00% effective for the 2016 fiscal year. The lower expected rate of return increases net pension costs in future fiscal years.
















































































































































Other (Government/Corporate
 Bonds)































































The fair value of our pension plan assets and the level under which fair values were determined
 using the hierarchy described in Note 1
 is as follows:




































































































































Effective January&nbsp;1
 1991 we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement
 selected employees contribute a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. We contribute an amount to each participant&#8217;s account by computing an investment return equal to Moody&#8217;s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus 2%. Employees receive vested amounts upon death
 termination or attainment of retirement age. No benefit expense was recorded under these plans for fiscal years 2015 and 2014.



In fiscal year 1991
 we adopted a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for certain key employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;Benefits provided under the plan are equal to 60% of the employee&#8217;s final average earnings
 less amounts provided by our defined benefit pension plan and amounts available through Social Security.

Benefits payable related to these plans and included in the accompanying consolidated&nbsp;financial statements were $4
907 and $4
694 at October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014
 respectively. In connection with this arrangement we are the beneficiary of life insurance policies on the lives of certain key employees and retirees. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies
 included in non-current assets
 was $13
660 and $13
654 at October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014
 respectively.


































































We provide an incentive compensation plan for certain key executives
 which is based upon our pretax income. The payment of these amounts is generally deferred over three or five-year periods. The total amount payable related to this arrangement was $3
125 and $1
359 at October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014
 respectively. Future payments are approximately $1
196
 $900
 $868
 $102 and $59 for fiscal years 2016 through 2020
 respectively.



We provide postretirement health care benefits for selected executive employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Net periodic postretirement healthcare cost is determined using assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year
 except for the total actual benefit payments and the discount rate used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense
 which is determined at the end of the fiscal year.
















































































Weighted average assumptions for the fiscal years ended October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014 are as follows:
















































































































































































































































































































































































401(K)&nbsp;Plan for Sales
 Administrative
 Supervisory and Certain Other Employees

During the fiscal year ended November&nbsp;3
 2006
 we implemented a qualified 401(K)&nbsp;retirement plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) for our sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. During fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 we made total employer contributions to the Plan in the amounts of&nbsp;$515 and $500
 respectively.




During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we closed the refrigerated snack food products division&nbsp;(a division within the Refrigerated and Snack Food Segment involving primarily deli products)&nbsp;and withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan. According to the Multi-employer Pension Plan Act of 1980 we are subject to the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Fund Withdrawal Liability. We recorded a liability in the amount of $798 as of October 31
 2014 and expense in other selling and administrative expenses for fiscal 2014. This amount was paid in October 2015.















































































































































































Increase in provision (benefit) resulting from state income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit


















































Other
 net











































































































































Current tax assets
 net

































































































































































Non-current tax assets
 net












ASC 740 requires that an entity&#39;s deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent its management determines that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax asset
 or portion thereof
 will not be realized.&nbsp; Management evaluated the realizability of its deferred tax assets to determine the need and appropriateness of a valuation allowance.&nbsp; In its determinations
 Management considers items of evidence
 both positive and negative

 the Company&#8217;s available federal tax net operating loss (NOL) must be zero; second
 the prior thirty-six month cumulative book basis pre-tax income (loss)
 after considering &#8220;one-time&#8221; events
 is positive; third
 the Company considers its outlook of near term continued profitable operations and assesses any material negative and positive trends or events on the immediate horizon. As of October 30
 2015
 the Company (1) will extinguish its federal tax NOL
 (2) has positive thirty-six month cumulative book income and (3) profitable operations are anticipated given recent positive economic factors including lower and more stable commodity costs combined with a reduction in the level of significant non-performing divisions (closure of the refrigerated snack division during the prior fiscal year).

Due to the degree of judgment involved
 actual taxable income could differ materially from management&#39;s estimates
 or the timing of taxable income could be such that the net operating losses could expire prior to their utilization. Management could determine in the future that the assets are unrealizable
 materially decreasing net income in one or more periods. Following recognition
 management could reinstate a full valuation allowance should operating performance decline.







As of October 30
 2015
&nbsp;we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $0 and $2
951 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;These loss carryforwards will expire at various dates from 2018 through 2033.

In July 2006
 the FASB issued guidance to clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&#8217;s financial statements. This interpretation prescribed a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance also discussed derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition. The provisions of this guidance have been incorporated into Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740-10.

In November 2015
 the FASB issued guidance in ASU 2015-17 concerning the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes in an initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. All deferred tax liabilities and assets should now be classified as noncurrent in the statement of financial position to simplify presentation of deferred tax assets. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016.&nbsp;We have already adopted this guidance and the change is reflected of October 30
 2015. 

As of October 30
 2015
 we have provided a liability of $112 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. A significant portion of this amount would generally reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized in future reporting periods. We have not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits.

As of October 31
 2014
 we have provided a liability of $100 for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. A significant portion of this amount would generally reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized in future reporting periods. We have not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits.














































































































We recognize any future accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of October 30
 2015
 we had approximately $6 in accrued interest and penalties which is included as a component of the $112 unrecognized tax benefit noted above.

Our federal income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the years ended October 31
 2012 through 2014.&nbsp;

We are subject to income tax in California and various other state taxing jurisdictions. Our state income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the fiscal years ended October 31
 2011 through 2014.








&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We maintain a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. that expires on March 1
 2016. During the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 we converted our line of credit to a revolving line of credit. Under the terms of this line of credit
 we may borrow up to $4
000 at an interest rate equal to the bank&#8217;s prime rate or Libor plus 1.5%. The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth
 minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures less than $3
000.&nbsp;We were&nbsp;in compliance with all covenants as of October 30
 2015. There have been no borrowings under this line of credit during fiscal 2015. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;














Leases for semi-truck&nbsp;trailers expired in&nbsp;2015 and are classified as operating leases.&nbsp;&nbsp;Six year leases for OTR (over-the-road) tractors expire in 2018 and are classified as capital leases.&nbsp;&nbsp;After reevaluating our fleet delivery needs
 we returned five OTR tractors financed by the capital lease arrangement with a remaining liability of $445 during the second quarter of fiscal 2015 that resulted in a gain of $75. Rental payments&nbsp;including prior leases were $448 in 2015 and $574 in 2014. Amortization of equipment under capital lease was $225 in 2015.





































































































































(c) Reflected in Note 2
 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $162 and $563
 respectively.







We have two reportable operating segments
 Frozen Food Products (the processing and distribution of frozen products) and Snack Food Products (the processing and distribution of meat and other convenience foods).

We evaluate each segment&#8217;s performance based on revenues and operating income. Selling
 general and administrative expenses include corporate accounting
 information systems
 human resource and marketing management at the corporate level. These activities are allocated to each operating segment based on revenues and/or actual usage.

The following segment information is for the fiscal years ended October 30
 2015 (52 weeks) and October 31
 2014 (52 weeks):

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































* = At the end of fiscal year 2014
&nbsp;we discontinued operation of the refrigerated snack food&nbsp;products division which was reported under the Refrigerated and Snack Food Products segment.































































Bridgford Food Processing of Texas
 L.P.**




















American Ham Processors
&nbsp;Inc.*





































I
 William L. Bridgford
 certify that:



2. Based on my knowledge
 this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;










Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;








Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;








Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and








Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer&nbsp;and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):








All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and








Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: January 15
 2016











William L. Bridgford
 Chairman of the Board





















I
 Raymond F. Lancy
 certify that:



2. Based on my knowledge
 this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;










Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;








Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;








Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and








Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer&nbsp;and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):








All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and








Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.




Dated: January 15
 2016












Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President























Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350



I
 William L. Bridgford
 Chairman of the Board of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that:








the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 30
 2015 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a)&nbsp;or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and








the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Dated: January 15
 2016










































Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350



I
 Raymond F. Lancy
 Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President
 Treasurer and Assistant Secretary of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that:








the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended&nbsp;October 30
 2015&nbsp;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a)&nbsp;or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and








the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Dated: January 15
 2016
















Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President

























  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  









  

  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 general and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were $1
861 and $3
093

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  


  
  

 California and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants
 a distributor of frozen food products
 a processor and packer of meat
 and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. For more than the past five years we and our subsidiaries have been primarily engaged in the manufacturing
 marketing and distribution of an extensive line of frozen
 refrigerated


 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
&amp;nbsp;self-insured workers&amp;#x2019; compensation and&amp;nbsp;employee healthcare benefits&amp;nbsp;are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies


 2015 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review

 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
 which may at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Management does not believe there is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability risk. We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&amp;#x2019; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;reg; comprised 31.4% of revenues in fiscal 2015 and 42.6% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&amp;reg; at October 30
 2015. Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;reg; comprised 28.8% of revenues in fiscal 2014 and 31.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&amp;reg; at October 31



 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long-haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 $3
663 and $5
045 for 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 are included in selling

 trade allowances and product returns.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were $8
881 and $10
868

 general and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were $1
861 and $3
093

842 at October 30
 2015 and $192 at October 31
 2014. All material cash and cash equivalents at October 30


 if available

 2015 and October 31

 first-out basis) or market.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements


 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment


 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors

 state and local exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&amp;#x2019;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates

 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock-based payment agreements since April&amp;nbsp;29


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#x201d; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating this statement and its impact on its results of operations&amp;nbsp;or financial position.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif&gt;In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11 &amp;#x201c;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#x201d;.&amp;nbsp; The guidance is part of the &amp;#x201c;Simplification Initiative&amp;#x201d; to identify and re-evaluate areas where the generally accepted accounting principles may be complex and cumbersome to apply.&amp;nbsp; The guidance will require that inventory be stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value as opposed to the lower of cost or market.&amp;nbsp; Net realizable value is the estimated selling price for the inventory less completion
 disposal and transportation costs.&amp;nbsp; The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 &amp;#x201c;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&amp;#x201d;. The guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 6
 2016 with early adoption permitted. The Company applied this guidance to its current fiscal year ending October 30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

842 at October 30
 2015 and $192 at October 31
 2014. All material cash and cash equivalents at October 30

  
  
  
  




 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $162 and $563

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair market value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We maintain cash balances at financial institutions
 which may at times exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Management does not believe there is significant credit risk associated with these financial institutions. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical trends and current collectability risk. We have significant accounts receivable with a few large
 well known customers which
 although historically secure
 could be subject to material risk should these customers&amp;#x2019; operations suddenly deteriorate. Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;reg; comprised 31.4% of revenues in fiscal 2015 and 42.6% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&amp;reg; at October 30
 2015. Sales to Wal-Mart&amp;reg; comprised 28.8% of revenues in fiscal 2014 and 31.8% of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart&amp;reg; at October 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 N.A. that expires on March 1
 2016. During the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 we converted our line of credit to a revolving line of credit. Under the terms of this line of credit
 we may borrow up to $4
000 at an interest rate equal to the bank&amp;#x2019;s prime rate or Libor plus 1.5%. The borrowing agreement contains various covenants
 the more significant of which require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth
 minimum net income after tax and total capital expenditures less than $3
000.&amp;nbsp;We were&amp;nbsp;in compliance with all covenants as of October 30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  

  
  


  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 if available

 2015 and October 31





  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  


  
  
  
  


  
  
  


  
  





















 or portion thereof
 will not be realized.&amp;nbsp; Management evaluated the realizability of its deferred tax assets to determine the need and appropriateness of a valuation allowance.&amp;nbsp; In its determinations
 Management considers items of evidence
 both positive and negative
 including those items outlined in ASC 740.&lt;/div&gt; The Company policy outlines measurable objective criteria that must be met before a release of the valuation allowance will occur. The three criteria set forth in the policy must all be satisfied before the valuation allowance can be reversed. The criteria are as follows: first
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s available federal tax net operating loss (&amp;quot;NOL&amp;quot;) must be zero; second
 the prior thirty-six month cumulative book basis pre-tax income (loss)
 after considering &amp;#x201c;one-time&amp;#x201d; events
 is positive; third
 the Company considers its outlook of near term continued profitable operations and assesses any material negative and positive trends or events on the immediate horizon. As of October 30
 2015
 the Company (1) will extinguish its federal tax NOL

 actual taxable income could differ materially from management's estimates
 or the timing of taxable income could be such that the net operating losses could expire prior to their utilization. Management could determine in the future that the assets are unrealizable
 materially decreasing net income in one or more periods. Following recognition

 2015
&amp;nbsp;we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $0 and $2

 the FASB issued guidance to clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&amp;#x2019;s financial statements. This interpretation prescribed a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance also discussed derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition. The provisions of this guidance have been incorporated into Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;quot;ASC&amp;quot;) 740-10.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif&gt;In November 2015
 the FASB issued guidance in ASU 2015-17 concerning the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes in an initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. All deferred tax liabilities and assets should now be classified as noncurrent in the statement of financial position to simplify presentation of deferred tax assets. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016.&amp;nbsp;We have already adopted this guidance and the change is reflected of October 30

 2015

 2014

 2015



  
  

 based at least partially upon a projection of future taxable income
 which takes into consideration past and future trends in profitability
 customer demand
 supply costs
 and multiple other factors

 state and local exposures relating to audit results
 tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these accruals requires judgments about tax issues
 potential outcomes and timing. (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Although the outcome of these tax audits is uncertain
 in management&amp;#x2019;s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 first-out basis) or market.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Costs related to warehousing
 transportation and distribution to customers are considered when computing market value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Inventories include the cost of raw materials
 labor and manufacturing overhead.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and write down any excess or obsolete inventories to net realizable value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;An inventory reserve is created when potentially slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Changes in economic conditions
 production requirements

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  


  

  

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#x201d; to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating this statement and its impact on its results of operations&amp;nbsp;or financial position.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 27pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif&gt;In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11 &amp;#x201c;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#x201d;.&amp;nbsp; The guidance is part of the &amp;#x201c;Simplification Initiative&amp;#x201d; to identify and re-evaluate areas where the generally accepted accounting principles may be complex and cumbersome to apply.&amp;nbsp; The guidance will require that inventory be stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value as opposed to the lower of cost or market.&amp;nbsp; Net realizable value is the estimated selling price for the inventory less completion
 disposal and transportation costs.&amp;nbsp; The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 &amp;#x201c;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&amp;#x201d;. The guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 6
 2016 with early adoption permitted. The Company applied this guidance to its current fiscal year ending October 30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  



  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  

 Administrative

 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. In the third quarter of fiscal 2006
 we froze future benefit accruals under this plan for employees classified within the administrative






 plan assets


























 2015 and October 31

 corporate and government debt securities and are administered by an investment management company. The plans&amp;#x2019; long-term return on assets is based on the weighted-average of the plans&amp;#x2019; investment allocation as of the measurement date and the published historical returns for those types of asset categories
 taking into consideration inflation rate forecasts. Our expected employer contribution to the plan in fiscal year 2016 is $1



 using the hierarchy described in Note 1









 1991 we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement
 selected employees contribute a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. We contribute an amount to each participant&amp;#x2019;s account by computing an investment return equal to Moody&amp;#x2019;s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus 2%. Employees receive vested amounts upon death

 we adopted a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for certain key employees.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Benefits provided under the plan are equal to 60% of the employee&amp;#x2019;s final average earnings

907 and $4
694 at October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014
 respectively. In connection with this arrangement we are the beneficiary of life insurance policies on the lives of certain key employees and retirees. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies
 included in non-current assets
 was $13
660 and $13
654 at October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014


 which is based upon our pretax income. The payment of these amounts is generally deferred over three or five-year periods. The total amount payable related to this arrangement was $3
125 and $1
359 at October 30
 2015 and October 31
 2014
 respectively. Future payments are approximately $1
196
 $900
 $868
 $102 and $59 for fiscal years 2016 through 2020

 except for the total actual benefit payments and the discount rate used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense

 2015 and October 31




 Administrative

 2006
 we implemented a qualified 401(K)&amp;nbsp;retirement plan (the &amp;#x201c;Plan&amp;#x201d;) for our sales
 administrative
 supervisory and certain other employees. During fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 we made total employer contributions to the Plan in the amounts of&amp;nbsp;$515 and $500

 we closed the refrigerated snack food products division&amp;nbsp;(a division within the Refrigerated and Snack Food Segment involving primarily deli products)&amp;nbsp;and withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan. According to the Multi-employer Pension Plan Act of 1980 we are subject to the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Fund Withdrawal Liability. We recorded a liability in the amount of $798 as of October 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  


 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while the cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to income. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10 to 20 years for buildings and improvements
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers. Products are delivered to customers primarily through our own long-haul fleet or through a Company owned direct store delivery system. These delivery costs
 $3
663 and $5
045 for 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 are included in selling

 trade allowances and product returns.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were $8
881 and $10
868

  
  


  
  
  


  
  
  
  


  
  
  

  
  
  


  































































 vacation





























  
  

















  
  

































































  


 general and administrative expenses include corporate accounting
 information systems

 2015 (52 weeks) and October 31


























































  
  


  
  
  


  
  

 including grants of employee stock options
 in the financial statements based on the fair value at the date of the grant.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We have not issued
 awarded
 granted or entered into any stock-based payment agreements since April&amp;nbsp;29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2015 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. Based on its review

































 vacation



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for pension benefits
&amp;nbsp;self-insured workers&amp;#x2019; compensation and&amp;nbsp;employee healthcare benefits&amp;nbsp;are subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts which may vary from current estimates. Other areas with underlying estimates include realization of deferred tax assets
 cash surrender or contract value of life insurance policies


  
  
  
  











    
    

 as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $162 and $563

















    


    


    




        


        





      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      





































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plan Assets

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    

 Amount of Unrecognized Deferred Tax Liability



    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    






    


    


    
    




    


    




    
    
    
    






    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    

 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan



    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans



    
    
    


    



 as of the balance sheet date



    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    




    
    
    


    




    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    
    










    
    






    
    












    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    
    










    
    


    


    
    






    
    
    


    


    
    






    
    






    
    


    
    






    
    


    


    




    
    


    




    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    






    
    


    


    



 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $60
454 and $58
450




    
    






    




 plant and equipment

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 Income Statement



    
    


    



    


    


    


    



    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    



 less valuation allowance of $0 and $8
486



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 $1.00 par value Authorized
 - 20
000 shares; issued and outstanding &#8211; 9
080 and 9



    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 without par value Authorized
 - 1



    
    






    
    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    




    
    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Rent Expense



    


    
    


    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $146 and $144
 respectively and promotional allowances of $3
061 and $5
810



    






    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    

 plant



    
    
    
    


    
    



 Individual Contracts



    
    
    



 Individual Contract







    
    
    


    
    
    








    






    



 less reserves of $381 and $601





 Individual Contracts




 Individual Contracts




 Individual Contracts




 Individual Contracts



    








    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    











    
    


    


    


    
    



 less valuation allowance of $0 and $2
113



    


    






    
    


    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    






    
    


    


    


    
    



 Inputs



    


    


    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment








 Plant and Equipment



    





 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    



    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    







    

 vacation



    


    



    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    






    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    






    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    



 excluding tax valuation allowances



    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    


    






    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    



    


    


    


    


    




    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    





 Credit Risk



    
    






    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 brid20151030_10kimg001.gif

P  9@  F0  S   _P K   K
P K9@ KF0 K
MS  K_P!5  !5
P!59@!5F0!5S !5_P    
P 9@ F0 S  _PJ  J
M
PJ9@JF0JS J_P#5  #5
P#59@#5F0#5S #5_P#_  #_
P#_9@#_F0#_
MS #__S
  #
 
S
 9C
 F3
 S#
 _S
K #
K
S
K9C
KF3
KS#
K_S-5 #-5
M
S-59C-5F3-5S#-5_S.  #. 
S. 9C. F3. S#. _S.J #.J
S.J9C.JF3.J
MS#.J_S/5 #/5
S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_
S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M
V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K
V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95
V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: 
V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J
V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M
V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_
V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D 
YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK
YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5
YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M
YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ
YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5
YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_
YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  
P 

P _\PK 
PK
M

PK_\Q5 
Q5

Q5_\R  
R 

MS
R _\RJ 
RJ

RJ_\S5 
S5

S5_\S_ 
S_
M

S___\  /\ 
_\ 9O\ F?\ S/\ __\K /\K
_\K9O\KF?\K
MS/\K__]5 /]5
_]59O]5F?]5S/]5__^  /^ 
_^ 9O^ F?^ S/^ __^J /^J
M
_^J9O^JF?^JS/^J___5 /_5
__59O_5F?_5S/_5____ /__
___9O__F?__










=!3O6(5/3D+1*'
%T';*$.P6OK2
MHG_8
];_0LQ:L'P]
M\'$SPX<*,0+M)M!D8'O=J.#1'J?U'[QD*Q ]T^W(4W[
I3
2MMRWHX?2\(=



M?8:-0]N?U\A)N&]]!QN'RK1K$R1\]/-&_W^8+\RU6H@L%B3I9P'GWD]E6U

MUYGV00S-F(\A^0F?I8:A#WWHBB$#NTAY_UJ(*@=PVK&T2*H)4*@XW/8+0S
M4

LI8S%%2]RQ&G
][7O=M$)W:TVUZB%J+!!XKO;/ A(&V5BU#/*Y70+I6


P\*U+),YJ$%C9CQ6G%K4XA6%2(E M,:8
MN*S%BSLT@8Y-?^53'E);P![22H'Y<YO,)RQ&(ULQ(F0D-D-6J45U M0Z
MRQVR=S[<G%UX\8JW&*06P[B%S22*&5[DIE7W)] E+'%EM5S(/J@!],5C=Z
M#,.+;KG@7%C'V*TXU! $@A*LQDBS7$G
J

0B*HK;#-
M



1EMZ%XQVO
(IRLU


IK%#CTUY3=D4]O-&D
M8V

 Q57-*ZN!^AR94
_4
)


MN(]YF.;(%.)SHEZBKWDVA[A4)5(KEQ0FJIZ6(;Z+TRAA






M



Q$@
\^!3R-@.QN@.Q. .QZB
[A,PSB,
MP9B,/J4,RIB-Q#
UM@.V$B


 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_AllowanceForPromotions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherPostRetirementPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherPostRetirementPlansNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforetax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherPostRetirementPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_ValuationAllowanceOnTaxesFromItemsOfOtherComprehensiveIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_ProvisionForPromotionalAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitExcludingTaxValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_ReturnOfEquipmentFinancedByCapitalLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
  <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
  <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
  <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalBalanceSheetDisclosuresTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
    <div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; HEIGHT: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; HEIGHT: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InsurancePremiumsRevenueRecognitionPolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=brid_PostRetirementHealthcareBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=brid_OnePercentIncreaseInHealthcareCostTrendRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=brid_ExecutivePostRetirementBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_FairValueOfPensionPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_NetPeriodicPostRetirementHealthcareCostTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForOperatingAndCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; HEIGHT: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; HEIGHT: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PromotionalAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_AccumulatedAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_TransportationEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueOfLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedAdvertisingCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_CurrentPortionOfNonCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationCashBasedArrangementsLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_NonCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationCashbasedArrangementsLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_TeamsterPensionWithdrawalLiabilityNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DeferredIncentiveCompensationPlanPaymentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DeferredIncentiveCompensationPlanPaymentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExcludingShareBasedPaymentsAndPostretirementBenefitsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=brid_PlanType401KMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_PercentAddedToSeasonedBondRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueOfLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualRecordedLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_TeamsterPensionWithdrawalLiabilityNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=brid_ChangeInPlanAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenfitPlanChangeInPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=brid_ChangeInBenefitObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenfitPlanChangeInPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBeforeAdoptionOfSFAS158RecognitionProvisionsNetPriorServiceCostsCreditsNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBeforeAdoptionOfSFAS158RecognitionProvisionsNetGainsLossesNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=brid_LargeCapEquitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=brid_MidCapEquitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=brid_SmallCapEquitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=brid_InternationalIncludingNonUSFixedIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=brid_FixedIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=brid_OtherGovernmentCorporateBondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=brid_ExecutivePostRetirementBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=brid_PostRetirementHealthcareBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=brid_PostRetirementHealthcareBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPostretirementHealthCoverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBeforeAdoptionOfSFAS158RecognitionProvisionsNetGainsLossesNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBeforeAdoptionOfSFAS158RecognitionProvisionsNetGainsLossesNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualPostretirementBenefitsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPostretirementHealthCoverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilityNotRecognizedAmountOfUnrecognizedDeferredTaxLiabilityUndistributedEarningsOfDomesticSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=brid_IncentiveCompensationCurrentAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBonuses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=brid_StateTaxesCurrentAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=brid_StateTaxesNoncurrentAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=brid_IncentiveCompensationNoncurrentAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBonuses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsReturnsAndAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_DebtCovenantMaximumAllowableCapitalExpenditures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_CapitalLeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_ReturnOfEquipmentFinancedByCapitalLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesIncomeStatementAmortizationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseContingentRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_CapitalAndOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_CapitalAndOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_CapitalAndOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_CapitalAndOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsExecutoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=brid_FrozenFoodProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_IntersegmentRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=brid_RefrigeratedAndSnackFoodProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_IntersegmentRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AllOtherSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_IntersegmentRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=brid_RefrigeratedProductsDivisionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_IntersegmentRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_IntersegmentRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brid_IntersegmentRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'

M+GAM;
V9S4[C


'2(Y3D!P_
M07+P&4H0%*)R%*1R%*9R%*AR%*IR%*QR%*YR%+!R%+(*%+(*%+(*%+(*%+(*
M%+(*%+(*%+(*%+(*%+(*%+)*%+)*%+)*%+)*%+)*%+)*%+)*%+)*%+)*%+)*
M%+(J%+(J%+(J%+(J%+(J%+(J%+(J%+*J=[*R\8_7BQ=02P
$%     @ XX(O

L5R*V.V:SGVL7.U49V
M[M

O=V]R:V)O



M6(205FT\-NFJ'V(W?=WTX[')T^.X#4.SVC?;&+2NYV$\GU
]W'^=/7M:+ZOQ
M:2W5[*49MS$OJW_]N$]MC#F%TTVNI@6FSV]#_
WR_6:S6\7'?O7W&+O\0T7X
M6* *Y2 M!RDER





M]X(;2


SWJ-TZ^W8&.5LFOEJ!S9C:I=4?*:DFQ65UI9

IVQ.RK$KAS?.%TYOCLZ^^&V
MV
FYU0[8@'UB\P+82QLS3IK/%F6YQT_@Q


@30M*$@1 *S0]T^[&G=?0ENEHB

M
Q9NP678?



M0Z@&;X(DA#GD9P($
F&*-H)LY]R#T$J@1+YN[P=EH
O]L5:A^WP;MLR#O9R6

MW9C A%MD6T3' EBYJ'2:PP
;FV7G.


G;\O$Y


MZ;+MH&NMEZ%.]VN

2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5:

YV?/;$
M[9^








MB\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2GD(;;NE3]4J5U^6ON2BX/%ODZ:^A=#XLS_D\








N2D5SJT^
M.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 


W)#


ML




M2R(8WWEX80'7WMY/

F764)#OO/\]-E([L[;'F
\VEY *1Q

 =D#=3NJ!ZR!SA/93&G)8&



M;KZQK3+N





M!'T%+VW
*P9TXQNP[(S*.*8VCA.H$E%7NC(ML%OQ!%3$?*#S'I\C8(* +U)#
MS


8X-\ZSHP5X*CNGLO

MW=PKN8D#^#M;*HJBLO-#LI]6OA
JAG(K[ 9O.%7*4!25G:=D#ZA+(2V[$ZJ+
06'L[




@%(9?Q?(#U ;?DLBQ




RAD!VVI&?J
M&K57QLGPL
31@+[TO1O5_:Z_%)6Q^0W0&.!D@&70D!E#-AE 'C3DQI _&1(]

MI$A$WQ


M7H0CR?R(10QL/VY%^%(C]B&4 L;7_I13B2F9\M5Z59AOSXW8/_?[N:.8JW
M^A\4I[B7OM3=&HW.W65:+5
PDUS NPX\4
BIVYDT9YPL<6J_?!(

M:&5E='

/FTG77ASAN


MZ%N?0R ^7UK_- ZWM_^4M^9@RY_%J;OT;MDF.IES_E)VW^WMLYG'H(8&C[9L


? BO'9)4)[0DS4P$3WE1K
MQSQD?D\AO'(
3YG2GC ]L_4268K1PV'73(BP'
-19K29%+_D4EAS9$F0(U19

'(5C5Q@3@*D7

I1\E2!

M=ME






MWY*;(!3&7\7Q 5;P?W9
9AH[G?:B
SM[T5Z3A$1G5:R0N'W[@AI[V +I313\


ML3
@6@*B#P'!3#;-ZS



$%     @
MXX(O2 )];0J



B:

FS

M

M;*]

BD@GGQR SV$

M23_4 &.$B$]6S640Q4]HT (-




69GM@O*DY-+X
=5[K%V'YPY%PQ31BO-&FM6_\T
M:-E1F5=L2AB:X3!0_'SK[=
ES@]1)'<GWC%Y+\Z\UV\.8NB8TH_#
9+G@;/]&-2U$8[C+.I8

&C


RO8B5;5T)R$1S2P]#T!4(ZD(@L#TOPI/Q6$PSYRN;F+@N&XXN5
M7 HWGD4V\*E1#0&4_%$!]4U9C8(HIYN;BY$\NDF=?)0!9/5- %%-"9A37
M8(H$1D$NHX76'P57CCS+2KF<9UHP(\2MM),Y\X2A

MR
 / +G&A8N



&ULC9=-
M<YLP$(;_N-[ _I 0
;V3/TU[:$SF1S:



R&RX



V]D8


Q1BR
M=2&][1V4BCEN6CA

H

WET- 6%?V
$ -&7^/K-Q
F9Y

KP^



MKK;L?CE6=9&UW6-]BIMK;;/#T*G(8T@2'1?9I5QLUD/;CWJSKM[;_%+:'W74



M]Z:MBKG+(BJRW^/GI1P^;^




\YUE'_HV
)O)8FT;2'1HX3T0HU(I?
M-^'EU6R*P C0;TJ04B
-*PM*@WZ\D)N.J\B_)A/!2;$Z-8 R4/S5T_:;)
MBCVT1EEFO)A= H)'&E_:X('5$HUA2A(V*OLO'F=7+A^1
:7( 68M*7JJ



$$=U2!^H(\*)VMN2B5OG?

J%Y]$.(M$ J6_37;J#)690)6TQ2)9HTLM#N 52
MWR*S+0E(!0;FBB@Q#3 7O,R=MPI=!&8$%( BE-T5]R 8$?&/;E1H7\'EA

J!^G^-$H+:EVJ6V)Z
M#;0.),%)EB3W1% F<5F$VILNS58SB2\:60&(:C^=P:NQA-.\:WPSMK.^@(I
ZQ-.O 7@4%FO0-UR
MA2?@W NYQI^3YD]+3US&-_7G
*US?Z$&GA3_RVK;.;
)1C4T=.#V78TO
(VP
M]X*5XB9\4348J\2-@I&@7W%E

*
R.(4Y];9%LM




M26=M?\#85!T(:FY4#]+]:906U+I4M]CT&F@=2()CDJ9W6% FD[((M5==%FJP




*0@#FM
#


MZI9)@\[*NI

G'!KKP[V+=;Q2
;&JOSZ0^966WU!+


M970Q





7U:-U6MXH&$GVF5:NXCJE/X?#3-LFT)E %\*W+!I/B:+-




;%J
#[ E,_].(/1X
MQ!M\#;SQMG,A0,JS+R:2U6:X4,-$?\N#F<\H(@'<.HUW8*-1^UOHS.+_K

[/PI
4'KUWGB\TP




M%Q9=-;.3S:.H=':
M@2\BN]MAU/GW
SL&A?,O;=-6JGD.-U?'\C\2LO_4$L#!!0    ( ..+TB)

M

A,^)5%XRE1M/G('L+HT=DTM7V+'1P


M/)WW-/;D&UX6/6OA+S

M4NG@=']Y(/




Y9GFP !)J%Q2X7R[P#%(&(9_X8];\2AF(Z_U5_256Z]V?N85G
ME']$XWIO-L]( RT?I7O#Z0?
)=P'P1JEC5]2C]:ANE(RHOAG6H6.ZY3^%&RF



$%
M  @ XX(O2'R@:'FF 0  L0




$%     @ XX(O2
Q@.]Z. @  BPH

$:%8&8#!?) R(Y(





!#\%4(?$

\H^H

J]!Q'=.??3[1U@EL
M(K9\!@)-#6*-K]SQ\OX$A

M:
*PB#DM

G



'^B#:GEG0ME%19RRZX!




)9L@PP. [#PFR/$^0$M.0895(++SF"'GY#54 ./X2BP&V(&<C@



%PH%42J)^DBW,YZHV;
MDER$6L9RS;KAI]L(V@RSW#A0IO\!4$L#!!0    ( ..+TB&+BC*T $  . $

!#]%8L/J+DE

L60*$/




#K$^B!))


M4K])=L

@'TL!O
M(IJNE^C

([?9ZM?FZ6!85:F6FFY\)UH%LH/ES?D^51*SX!



M=&\X_HIA?L@6*&T\4NJP3I45PHEBG^D4^AXCNG/8S;1U@GY1,B_$%A*%,O\
MSATOX
C

R.8


Q:0!

A0
JS+R:2U6:X4
-$?\


[/PJ
8GR[)XDXEF#:.CD65'E0<U$5TGLX'&GOR
M#2^+GK7PEYF6*XO.VOG.QC8T6COP)K*['4:=?S_S04#CPG;O]R:-5#HXW5\?
MR/Q*RR]02P

M971S+W-H965T


 HJVL293-YO=ATTF\[#[S+2T
M-:/2!3J=_?L%M58


/MNF$YOP).5Y'45B=Z(M
M$4_L3#OUYL!X2Z0:\F
DSIR2?1_4-A&


F_




X2C@LQ1XQ%
+D&L#^%P%

E!IG#@



RYX;6R-F$UOXS80AO^*X?NNQ.&7&#@&




M=FMW.-7^W)V:\ZKU+X_K7\3#3L$@&15_G?RUBWZO!O//3?-CN/CC\+C.!P^^
M\OM^Z*(

MI2N





MS'$D%1BE+FTJ9J06]..$6*IIE(HD2Y=H

M^XF(.?G%Y$J3 
?20/IA\Z&


CNU
RZ 0.G8#0Z=(;#
1 -)0E6H7M))&Y1!)W:C
MW2OIAPG8
A!!T2FBPYA@!#F=#J',9EG4
N7R0
LTKS CB$ 4*8
VE3J&




M1$T?:+$H?:!5


(ZC+P^W
MB\J_]





M1(
J+VI_-NGFWIK9A!]%6=3LK?':8U7ES;]G5O+3U

M;8J*U6W!:Z]AVZG_A!]7I(-TB#\%.[7&O:?$?W+^I0:_-E
?*0VL9&NA0N3R

(2:S85X !B

M1(X $0@009$]9@$QL3U)[$@2@P 4)J']^O:8NL/$&4+(AIJ;*(S(.S%A*4T
M'8&]FC5T@Y;@*0XHR8.U( Z:D!!#1)[@
01( $!4MM*+4T
2494IHXD*4B2
MV0-DC@#9'2I-#*$CI5!?C-$LZN$E#1EY46RUK'
(X%D$VU9^J4&Z*W$\TB$K

6$LB1JH1-78(%.)R%0QLA83VVH3@;Q$[7MIE0/@.
M!UI$+&5J
@*

VTRR]%9.8.Q#*];LND-)ZZWYL19J$V7




MB&$7!+QN










!#]%8L/B


MMW\:J00UUE0MUH












$) ):G9 30[BW@$%#IC9 7
P8
!!!*.
^F3VF*K#?$
4
M)6$8FH!K0DU(& 4N2(*0*48K.#V!%3[(J)]3'%7\;4 ]?QY)@2!Z4$4$K



BVB;44QP:*6E(TF*
+73
DK&2 MH!C-NMAI _68(L=C*
M@!9$MM)N60( 1UBR$P*Z$M$[:G2@3@EJ9V448A&4D)&#:3BO0JG.56EE%
MKE)#6BYY0T#?&#'3TG6+41S;*Z@C:8J8XURY) X!C2,66@DX5\1*N#4*;52
M

:1E11VZ3 &.LS
I+NKC1.K(FP# E=E)&
M%1Y) 15F#.XU_ \80*XS-?P1 
B[
Z4A-]!GFD*QU9!/[MUAJ*YN@4&W8
9N

84L%GFZ@*&4.8JY^@4&_8+&9F-X%+(3
$$C$U2$P[!)F8@N_)@E
M]+[$(Q_0(A*['*
GVZ6\U-VX+^R^I!7C?<JI!JZN@EI

$%     @




T]) P:\MD_J[9[WOHOZ6((
P?@


[9CMET$A$*OLX!#8-
83C23@V#;;$HEEA,0T0M)/
M(@&3L18.!(L0(*9R)[90B8Q
3O(+

[3S6#/KC
MET6%4(:,DYE!V+&Z!QW

L)!L:4GA
A&4^!07
M0)EY\\T@R^Y#+D-Y_B BC+S6(@9%FWR&5*+A);ENY+CM!J4]Q 91;5BZ$
M;O794TH\RDN@'++RK5!4(S+GA#PE=RV^%W&@E8^Q050;IST;@:E9C'8Y5$X
M]B@NA+!Y&UDA*




M-DW:O0]J?7=?%]=Y1?9!:
+0B%F?8NB
(5Y_-J'G3(ID0D\$BO
Q2\Q8E

J5


$%     @ Y((O


M_F^

2]4M

^DW'!2-*+\4%R4D .=LD
M1A%.DA(Q
HQQ4]O8JVAJ?E5T&.%51/+*&!%_CT#Y?(C3^!YX&RZ]
@'4U&C-
M.P\
1CGP





Q+GAM;(V5VXZ;



M!I$VZ(Q!%([S=2D:8GRT$V)-RBQ3;G;#/:+T59[H8D&Y#$AN1.R%($8.JF
MI!N4U*843DKZR(9E&Y3


0M)\.R/F4KOX!

MV?[[^H








S+GAM;(U5VXZ;
!#]%8L/6
0
MBR*M*&JVH=*JWUHG[UD$M#:F-I.V/Y]?2$$KQRT+[$]G'/FS#@

M%/I@M)/[J%&JW\6QK!M@1#[Q'CK]Y

!I





@CC&=DO6!D[0FL@T9\S9HY!'&,[)9,++Q!+9^DI4SXC=
MN_\$IR%0]1#D6=DN6-E^X5_B8])@3WP
_F0DGKW #
39#C:):G[IE'EC9M%I
M=CYC









M/JL0\KC[9 
'A\M =N[2*U2+


M2P

M:+.4+5:#!%([$J
X#L


]+SH
A=[%D6N1@U[3D\2Z1&QHC\=P(JIF
0!=?




\@G P  O0T
M !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M5G47;U;#V%._6;&+:.J./O41O[1MU?][I V[KF


MI4VC





MQ)V ! B(.0-RT\9
]T%KND%39B1-4Y=L:\J*(C5E%DX6P
E
''2#0S1.9M2!

M

W=03XD2WCSOMM
3G^:

M#2PS!OY.63H4Z%3(ML$2WP:Y]:+D7NNVA1!F?JB0?8
E_@U
;\9YX6^4)4Q+


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,W+GAM;(V5VXZ;,!&

X
M[QA_$R4ATGNO:2

B#

MU:01%6L\3JX'_Q/8'P'2$J/X49%.3

N#AS;J-=!HCE--E
%1$RC_
M$0)=D


X@726@\ T9:FZL0BA9(SD;0%QU :U77=QLP[00 9?^T
MM6#2B%M\(]\QOU6-\$Y,JIYN&O5
4F46?BDLB_5U3E.*+E*/=SI8]G+Q$XD

$%     @ Y((O2+K
6$!



+\ #0T 0PE9@%Q





M1-H 3S+C2D[X:=&0LUW*U4Z,_/,0M#^/L*G_Q'%7U!+ P04     #D@B](

#IH$FE!




MIHS$B2EMS


M5BNW2;9P:MFLUL0ML%K8K-72J8V5K.R4*;1L+*725H)W2EDO)%E_X=C6=I(0



MU9WO2*G 


YX
M;6Q]E4UOHS 0AO\*XMXYC


:3_]J@GT\Z/_%O@HSNW


M9T-\-R2J4TVF^OH!.:Q*2B:/ZF\Q0OG)HVTL=J[QF I2O5VB
R:BURJ)LS*X

1/Z@0NRK$NHG8:B*W:V2:0FL&

7W?@-C
MY&!$SVH4

M1#6]3H1P).#9[$7K3BGED6/3EP^YG*3].C6T[&VT&TG(;5?U!+ P04





M@X/]V#)
JF _VD2//JEU5'C!5I$IA2I0T 1F0OD-8(;D.,$Q%NI741+[PB
M1+8.(FL.

$-G8



M38^;

M-V
S*2;*/GB+D ?!/?\X+5#'O?YW6+.0O=$]?'.FC$ AM^SB\X$AV&@2

;Z%]0C%Y3<*!X@\-

=




B9H#_@
Z4
M27/!BVQ6*T?ULL'H+-0R5UTTT\ML!!UNLWCY0RC_ U!+ P04     #D@B](


RYX;6Q]5-EN



MQG\GS2]+0US.[^HOMEN=_HHE/'/RIZM4J\
&'JJ@Q@-1[WQ\A:F%V B6G$C[


M



$%     @ Y((O2#WU0^./

M;WLR\)8. 2.'3?@*UEL E40K?K7DQJWK0
'O*/U4-S_VFS!6#*0CC5 IL#Q=
M24VZ3F62SG_&I ]/%6A?W[-_T^5*_!WFI*;=[W8O3I(V#H


@%/ Y.
/2
: Y!&
M%@/2
2!]!*2Z-:84W8@M%K@J&;T%S+R]


L4&NC='4KB;WFZ %$^0D
M*+RU(*N6-'6*L62U+4

CC[
MEHH%G


M==5
8W



G'RGS'I

2/AO=)R[O/@'/
M?X-$-DBJ()%


@$40@RDY(IBN&49'9*/$.)9RG*::






Q*\7Q#?0_S/65Y



MTG'*-MEUM)Y8;.@7O*Y&WL

MA^ QS4
<0 W&K.V$V7^__I(.K@[FDL(YI7T2(B'MO'R6M4_FD-1


TYE6(AMWN:K95U=9_7X

ILP(VZ)1=?[;0@Y


M&*(

CM$:W)=PX%E50
U*3^
M/!3R'TPSB7 !A$P

U




M6+(*=JY#(:*LI#(8A=.NC-&NY+3K46)*7

PRG




LUH+




MY^
3]KJXN^FN=W2

M 9*0A#8)L %0
COV1[_!_M@?&Q.Q\PKS$/
H_22;MW
##DC*Y9J)C:FH;DLB



_3?)^
M$$7TY:3YY<6VA^G_C=EP!_2VZRJRP2F\2[9I

MXCJX?/_AJJ.E2UB*
EG#$JS2+\'OTGWSN8]ELLKRV^!ZOUD4Z^:WBS)K3?UR




M=C-8XB_IGW;9?;*&YUO3NU@ND8U509DN4WAHL4[#8)U650#T7SS00(%_!:MB



MOQ_9N_?U'?#1O

M'I[ORQT
'KXNB_4Z#)+5/:Q\5B$_Q4$6M Q==/?:FG-7%VJ8=
'P9MBK:HW^
M
L5W(-__<L_$\W6^]:FP&D6FJGX+GO(:AI8(F \R/-I
'%#CXILS^GJQ X

M.Z!*.#?!NJ@Z=KOR;LE1RJ9G?;NH4OR[I!HKQ+ZPPN[.J\^];T7FA'[K*O
M:

B\&


M^KG)ZG



!

=!

VGJ'PKWZ






B \!7



M@G]2&$8%B@4*]'@8J^ A%?

H
5S6 +TOPV

V

QF49S6*[&





G;49(

&] ?


M2MC#RP$.?08]9-7GX#V(*_;?0%6@5 %KY*$D2W*E)
&B+!)@N+2FV 2



M-SX5QBFW@KJ]0)'CU^E*_)@O8#;M8+5?:U9LJ43..QS54##S%V(CV(S2'MP
M;VUP]XL8!T%FJRLLU:E'=/HBY1EVZ#:7-[L$?:KV?
V^3LOZW?V670X:+-(SZH^^1Z+3D128- A@2;\4%&\7]3U4
M
E@I9V?JIB#='WO8H8K\(&:2

M9[5OI/BG8E,5PWO2IA0/L [Q04B^R+/0+!'%EL62LU JZ '9PSN\OE?HD(
MEQLSP

MPU;'+PSJ_59.

M:^







?@6
MHUBJX!4(@ 5H9OGGX%W_ NY






M9M5W7$]:'20UBJ1G+PW)ZM QLHF=G2:HHY&LR$$8Y@.6)-7^
DM$L^+*SP+:
M1]_RUCN_XZK3$%:*E.%TL4L(Q:'@3'P+1J^O\.B@O9F^IX'?9&55][(\E-_0





MN&0!?LDI69%_EOT*:BX
S^@'-JB

3-D9 I!-
!&

M9;S;H*V8J5 ._(I=:MP*@U9*C]!G$2G!A]*M
ON8%XE@;)T;A?8L/XS94A88

WD?R2




UVK4V0)'[B);9%0!4M$$JB!9J7,-S5!?UL\5I;UJPS?=*4QN(3CJ4#<BB
MPEZND.V((GHMV91#+DX1S^FHP9KNR'?%L)*0FD.VFK-L!7R-3#DZ9G@+_ XI
M#^]F7!7%^]3F@S)9;-4Q9Y^.'IW6Y]1^5:CH(:@*.J5H.Y0AE5R+@72X'W+G


-Q'N]WZ'//2XU/E '\^


M
? F'DF%\DUP ?K&.HCG81#-YW


M8$)4-@


@;1



MGW1*'(_DL9


&A\*PPHA2H40\(
C-[RYV2CD*ZO'.
S]GT1.
!R^#Q#CEWC%76+


MF'Z

\T6



89Q&-@=$3Z





+A&E?8^JPIAP^JBXA&\5(8KRWKD#J)6@V@F
M*FD1C@JN16FK
8BJ

M2K0^D;
%'V893?-0[?B!(R797L@^KJ8VO+'(CQR24GE;)AZU/&2#5N'S%Z


ZPTDOYC2*\Z&
IDXK


DVC


/'=N1FOF;V'5)_I:\ZF

Y1GHIA:!^D)-NP\^/$8@QC ?\Y#%/^@IT7SB1&)/4)Q
M:0B;\
X$2%BO/0E 0!S&)&VCH/B)7! 8:T11R+BA:3



U%IE^@M*W.$0#0DJ!)) F
(*8P(V;9U8A6XH^$D?!#&W%.
V28O;
OJ
M%ZU=2PUQ4)BHYB6M(]VP. -9%:P8$17 8ZSZ]7Z;FK05P9(K8=RU4P;'C1

D(;7#UXP0M:*GPPE
M4 X/P(LV#.'5W1Y$8T4!DXW^L/U\*\B\V;E$T\63+X*U^Q<GOP6.[?G\1



!F






*ZU/H2!*A;

M$E)QE2;U71C84$KT@=6XF




ME7BF[Y3I3%TH$:CMZCJA[^DR&0]BYRJ)09










M(4O*X/7)0):




F6;
M(45+A8VK+LG7XP6RC8#CBAW]HZ\RA_GN9$P:0M*:S3ZC*]G(GFY25\9IDK..


MC*K7T35T@U)

9G0T

*OYDPZC6I/Q.+:\U=*X 2NNDD$C*I*

04GS4RG2^SP!D
M74=( E$XAB-.]R,//8*K^FPZ\!.,M\52JW#U1V)=%))[R[1()7E^&[77I S



MG8H
%24:VO
4BPT.R(JBI[J
9-0G
M;V_%=*
MPK(#Q$





KNJ^C&JV[%7)^:)F)B<NBH0'@%
M 7$I2'G,%#S4LDRV!OEB:8^Q$[O4P/7L&T5:)V(HEBXC\5C+$W+256KN&&;


__?9V)3*C^XO





 C8;*
/


M.2S[*MTXX_4V68^2R:#:F*W14

MU(+@-7C!Z-QG;QYPHE

J3*3<4(BY[.E:\0X%JH*G08
MLHRN@NX7U%URML
@=6@GZL:+0K


M$C1'UY



?J&@Y;/\M








IW


M*GX
;%;U%AS:DWVK&63FXID6Z
MQNBZRDD2;ITI<C-B0@A=3]?1D!=H*[;E6I-0
X#M
0UGVI\E#):K;D0.Q^C
M&RH/B0;44EF8


MY+#[E_?



+]W@F&E

MS]ACHQY\Z+(\)IO2@




M 2PN


M
+0%_JPROV+]-0.&8[X38HY686'\ E-+ !]^[NVVH-'=J3K4I?$LVY7B^L:(
MPSG%Z1E6& WS-$''2J#$K40&2^+_70)7 +NOR0+.CR2ZCA$\B-!QD*]@;
AV
M4S
8]@ H [[^6(K2/L'L5T-Q)H6#T9A(NA$_;CN8PF]2W/%Q$K(5G^SJ=[G*


M5'+=\N@.9R\4L

LG

M?K2Y*8\Y2?W V_M)BQ3!PL@B#3%M^Y$UHL2QC*7U[:2L3I:Z4;:6HBDK*3



MY3V2\)7CFS/%6V.'^SC-J!.^_9$%EV24X[_

*VKA3FII*

GTB;S
MG.
200\G(9LKVYD/6 0_B+


MRHWODU2



K$C$GJ;[)?




M='MO-_:663VQU@B0
A#AP@! )Q%

[[IR'%O[%7L7_?EJV_!&FY(IO0WR%6'
X^3:JV,(R_<9!!<S4PWDD]I

M

DHZL7[TC@-V]Z(RLW!6/\04;6D6QV]
M/@J.B%6VM,N[#8,J3'M\2&SRW6$P?NMUI)-3CTN/4(H%0-GTKS#CKQDP%Y
ML4RN,C$X3ZF;A\0*X%*5-5H[]DKG,;;=&[=E(EA3#8.L<#BP'*(QJE1B/N20
M [:S!#(/V)0Z:F0 H6PXP!$P?Q;^0L^PH)[F7)62&!%JZI6U2*HHB0FB!0Z)
MQ_,-
9U$


USX\^#0=U(UA!;!




PJ2$4^@I(QTP




2?WT:DT
765Q+]Y
M%%/
+



$YT*&Q]/@F$\E?F-8:8C

P

MOOL6TX2S-N$\F^%L.#@TT5$X@0?@!
-Z=

M(A]



U8CCX&'#)VQ@\PRAWT_1*.HU:F#S+BVKZ6SXW5Y
ML2@0WN[C!B7&E!4%Y@(;HKD+1QB@AVU04G%.1N&0TH& []$0\S)W$P)Z.2K
M)00+7-C48 WQ



ML]/UY1O\'
5B0G22&#Z

M6#3L8UWQB-N







M/D0.MF=5B5AH.7UC&9U_.OO^I;#S+X6=__\J['SHS#A7(IX;?=-_0%_:*QG@


M[K?K9%@MA AR4D]\[4;_4I#@EX($OQ0D^
]3D
M=^3.6A[/3K^S+W&H]^\VE
WSEH&7\Q@V;[TPL5B&^$YI]C I@L
7?#DX
MOKBC%Q?JIT?\F*F/O[[E(X-NH 2_:G1#_^A.:OK(\-X1FAT/_@=30TMNF?8)
MOLNV6PJ ^@=8C[7:V


\9'
M(6I;I/!5 -NN41S'UW:1(O?66I^O0-



'V'P$*<:(?%V@BN

Z1P2RI\%Y



1
@J7NIB2M-YH U2(OC\UM-6SZ4=H
MZP@V^YI]!2(\^-G^B+]F6:JN[9:-7)KM\1^RDGRGD48L]#V<<G]T=#QT^32

@Z-^+





A(D;\GO4X)%/^YR D4_3

D$#KU'^*=YH(*4)S@+]2(#P7#XL- H_H
M!:L8M

O-N(R.A?V!

J&YVF
30
QGS97MRX!\?87V:3TRZ3A8[3FXLY!#X1!7LW=G
XZ9%
MEN;C?XC:9^O4R);37[0B7%H#B#V8WT=&O[3:'+;:?-LL<)5^X2*(2[-!)6^0
M51R:?3:;#'J\5;G@=9IW*IM(KYA6G9(,/[;(?KZBO(9OX9S^*5O4X3JD T?

M#[EUPJS5J)C%:?A/C_.HNCZ=]5G#]JPVNRT!R8C(_REK\X6'O8'SB7.AN!


MVQ$NK==\M2




M !



O87!P
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ..+TAAJ(*$/@$  &D#   1              


  'T2   8

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #C
M@B](T


#@

M A0#%     @ XX(O2'K-L?N&!   /A8  !@              ( !6RH  'AL



M971S+W-H965T

  !D




34N

Q@.]Z. @  BPH  !D              ( !




4     #C@B](U8?4,:0!  Q P

M 0(4 Q0    ( ..+TC)B8S%I $  +$#   9                3E)  !X



M
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #C@B](VPE=9 $  L%P  &0






  . /


M4$L! A0#%     @ Y((O2)7L[@CL @  !PX  !D              ( !B%X



M=#(Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .2+TB#VE8T0$  /T$   9



M='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D@B](6]5EMU0  B!P  &0

R+GAM;%!+ 0(4



4     #D@B](%8HVU\T!  '!   &0              @ &]


4



M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .2+TBR3A@2$ (  !P&   9              


 *   9                4N(  !X;]W;W)K





M;6SLO6MSXT;.*/S]5)W_T

T_YFO79&=ME.SO/GB];+;(E
M

MBB\V9U_4F9'^#OR0\CA[TT;IS^


M^KXV^--*K]?[R'^-'G73GH-1E8__\^WKDS9B8UI;&-\U\KSUY7__+T+^CK-^



M4&D6(F16EV$9V6 +NG$\*AY;NGW$]S00,J_,E!O[HWO^0[[9EC&V!\_TE2

O6;&^&7 #4(FK\S6?F
MC&?@U0

Q6?ZQE?(91?@
M%PT
[_I-

MP:^N\1?[1)3ZQ#OYKZ'W&4?T$*9PS)O[N^?:T^W_NQ8/?2;\BYOS;[=?__V)
M//
Q[V#
1QSS5'QQ2ES@Z\%G\OWVZOD?GTBO]?-G\NW\\;?;N]K7ZYOG3T3M

[FX
M?[RZ?JQ=W#\_WW_[1/XF-D.B3-Z(:YN&'K!7\!8J9N;

M$R6(LF08/L)G\O7V[KKVCVO!U\H9J-95:+L!4399.S2RR+6E
QTC:JV%!93]

M

M/\ME+:G13#;P%K4BR&
G5OZDT6U'QFP




3



MYT3)X&0498/SH ;YT!=%M\NALXOF%Y;OBN4:VGO+5RS?T?7*2E8J6=E(5CXH
M!TR!V8FPE&






MX:CJ-FDJ






M^$$Q(-QQ[M

#LO1)0


MFR@1_



+54-0]
_P(KGO\8U2N_MY[I&W-O



MU


MC;JZ/HR.3TUPP;A%QLVPYQ&UA/7%O\M#U5D;7-[2J!%TJLD/QO; SW0AY/V-
O4FXO0ILVZ-G#9I)3O<&JGNP%T:_+I


'Q@;B:UT!VFIH&I2*+(X[=K0

Z4B9;A<D.O!Z!QZ^/60



I'$=D-XA ]&U




M








M F#XK@^H5K)?V-@A:GHM
AEAS08@TY9F4!.F#&PVE&?-]'7&UY8&409D$F]N
MGS#@ZR2K L.8)C[X.C*T$8\^HAR8TYK]:C']C(#U+$HBU;1@&
RO=8%SN1Z)

P
MJ8%\KO+M1 H=]!P'A.ZGKJN/YYPUMB/:5$QQ&XTSL1A



!


0-DAC




M$HVZ(T 09]+1@!570!S8/N/2*V!;
\*)C




M/YKFJA(Y#X^K
8M0W H'60

ML?$7>M?


M3?R






MXSXQ1NYL +83&A.722?T)MH]GV*'B]\ \1UNV21BL\?M;QTQ0\_BMH9RNXFO

M!$
Q&.I/QL.4
R%A[#)R 2IF5%;?'*$4B.' ;BH16?P+Z


&6Q

M@;*:S








&G_MH'COX9WR($K39CK[@'Z
^C^'\701\OF^C9XM&M?.+
MM[^U^-N;VM(&R[V@H._C(F[%0F?'XW]%&29*(
&?R.QG[C[]Z=L8N@F
C8EC
MB%LX(D3%@N^%6R22O+58QM' 220[BDN8#@\28UY#XHI78B_@B?/RE*DE*RD^
MSC)MW




M'LLHQ1DO

M0$S8JX.:EC

I
M$\?P&&P?KQ;?-? 6J
MW#; F;)/QZRXQZ$ 2S+X*:AJAI2%'^=Q:KN$5T:
MO.V%))S8:!

I3+\*[+2PEA

MQORXC+L)HC87CZ3%E0TB/+'D:(($


48%PN(R6-H(
M+[CK8=!#!!RC.]6PW9NS.Q^_G
0L7D= ))UBL2Z7[Q3Q4$$J%IX@PO:)5_+U
M
_*=E^$*CA:=6#'RH.FK@0GR0%*;9\D.3N-9@\(

M((+?L*H@:.PAOV



M

[H$$6P/_25R\F'/=Q$5UWG4DSO;@1[H8M?3'6 )'[ B!

QMQ7F

;

K7@2J.7%;?XXIVH?SM3
M

M=Q==Q8T4?01



U #DOCA]XR:1&S0] *N*
MB%*^W*V/RN ;;CPB19?=]=*J\HOXM
%+AD=A76XYB^]XSR?3^
'X-7]0I1B=

P<6(BR3P)ELX6%B_
8
MY\ :_F1B1A4.^)$(AELFV)N+$PA/1VR\W P;!9MM4C3! (SFB6R:]W%;[8AQ

N2-2GEG

M*EX3!T_\O5JPVI-!:SB((=#%:A 

QGS8)U
['9,N9P5SWZSAJ*9K2)9RM3 - 0G
R6C0B
)8
M
)X728T.SQA6K1DDR\CL.C6ZDIP#':)C^P$VAIQ!R[1!V3]7_:C1:N%WQW
PSY PR6?[
M&MN6C6&6( C$71-,U]ZC?56QQ<9W&\@W.@TJZ?*Z.=/%^%BGS_]SG^IU7LD





6O-77%KN D
Y9_Y=%_^7JJ@CR^(!M?%_?9/KC994;[1JBC*C-YX,
M/'D83,/LBV^)@BFP=N&=HFE2=22K:\_PL3';FR%E'NR*C)U&QV S.NDX.;-



S<3F)Z)2RJ2K


#A&$ E%/



MH4-/)9[*1X'L[$







M3V[_+$





L_B-\AU6TM
^;990G60_WK@232%NI

.6U'0&!*+TS=E4P]6[\OO4@YS\
!


:(
+0S4:9V11R'UX8WF&/

M72PHI(V8[IL






7
K%6\?(=.4!




M

MH4W=2F:* &8E
]5.4X5IRV%8/^

W?O
M(E-&V%:S


M$:IY/G82
\#
'3)1HU__PP_[C8$Y[






M!6C^7Q/WGFRIW24?* 53%BE@N[V:VEV6-VQ[S[P3-]R]NB/=G&4^VU)+L*

MTT\=&^&&G74U!_8R0DD?F_(2'CWGZPX[$^P CFA&/63VT*&3D:$1APV1-\[(
M5W@/YM;!)_7LF2E&] 6;ZR(GF5/29\PBQGA


M3=8G$\=^
Q $

M&-RZP=ZPF



P2] :)55[.;_+ QP

\&[W^@?MA
^Y/)78&%P

M@_
-I:[(@O
MI3








M^;BB)MC1N

EZ





MK-U1NOM$KB\?QJ2N2%.ZB^]@YE_'IOQZ24_-9M7\
.X'[\P5;DHOJK2;];VA
/'I1'@.5AV&<]0Y9&83KO3




26*.W@XV-_YZ5)MEH2B4SW;5.
M@78#M

M7

M)E/IEUNI2&WCGN1$H#PD7),%
M<Y-0:CJJK?1P5&%(^&[GL

;06$E$:



\6)1R2_?@!))&T!<S






S%:!LW6

M:\XP8-(
LKZSJ*^Y(Y?LUYJU(N[A3=G]AMYZ<AZH]<L


Y)P
MH.YL[]\L<5BQ=+<_:$BI)[\(H'06[E+LC$'7(JB1/=Z\BL-ZN)YXU$N1::O


^:3;VIR&O=Z
MC:R#BG4A=A^HL5J)_T





CY


+V'_ZW$'

Q=P^\'T






T.J(&H915@W1D05NKP2Y+/#K-T


 B50

M#BNIQ:::O*C %B7YF3I#YD5G$=B63A


;X:^


^0W]:PLM]4O;F=@./')A


M.X



BTW^%PB(S%;35;O$0M0+H;Q?^.CVHBY

M


M K
6O*OS'=8^D%RM2X&W5C]K=O


MO1BTA ];W=GK+)G3;PQMYC4F.9\VZ_7.)M!&%4N^

M]?:WNT_$9 /O
+HWV$X<*197]O0JG]D(6.)Y^MOCO9
M&1J'6O#OX/8U'6-P13@?&&F2^P!C(YUK(AGA\M)O!$C@WB5X1FP[*@%9HI)



M?3&B+ZB*IA+;.5!'.AK

FRK5K\19^ZAAO9!%-L)$@8
M%I






]P
\*<(

M


C:RY




EE0]=Y6Y
MM@K'*1A[

@59


M3SGH)#Z0G5RPZ;5^#JE=^WI]$U S^NI1$+VU@TLXX3^)RSCQ9WTK.
[?@.G;



MUS*W E'?@P)!?Z&8RN

@&\O!



M1%0GEOWJT



MHZF6-BJYY'BO'!)?(A.DDO;22_NAS9CJ'#^FR=C0=9
5RXHNB;%?G4AN[42R
;EB=UK,]:F()VK@Z
M+=&-P0[B/*VGKSGY=N$:=ACDXZQ0S;1[/'$Q\_]*:&3B3G%)J#X(/;@]#W;





3*D



M75RK

MA8U#9Z\4BWL]XE*/*

0W:-TS#
YC+


M_


MY1A4/F_E\[Y+
'?

M







MK8ZV#6;5MJ5



8\X8
 @F-.!_\(#M
&(:/Y@YQ:\M$%U/_.[ZVB@%DE-B.V1B
M.WQJK%W![


4/DS[A@FH$WO H4[#







*7@+H8%EMA@%L(&G\1$@@0^K M(Q






#_.'K0[Y5&=:+;;XPT!' I;X0'LZ-
M@21HMF_JP!@#V%4C

NW^5Q.OB
7(3\EC8HJG^T





M0TOU#64)_4@;=RKQ/2++GW=X+S[AA43TI*8+CB982CYL++C_S&P0&K7Y5::
M^,SQ9^@*H:G,+&IZ!BYC8ADXV7$K&H=;SD?7QARI_Q-SZ&6@%U  ^HAM/BX


FY_&T3QX

MC


U+M
MP(459%D8XS7@!*ZE=;[7A;+(Y@_*8H:[+Z)/1:9.Q7@($Y&NQ+H9VV:$K&
MNS4Z

-Z+$5$O4 #6%
S?5SG:1V1NOA^V5SC;-U=A^WJ]8ON*


M+PZSJ3T:CY8LIL4 ']G(5M:O)^WL-(7940XKX.NM3DN%?9']6'[S]8CY+CU'
M^JA0K'!833WDNSRQ@@)1WX




M!D8Y=J\WF%M4!@[KAFEU)5Q3]IBD)F%4G]ZH67?F=Z'B?YJG,,ULT^-+B
MW@MNRB4J$UM$9Z-(8.ZZP589-%?E1Q\EF+MVGX^6M2OGN4;\F-XX?J8=N7*


]$-9B2M9%X;4Q15]D&UD!NI;X.Z^I;\'!4VP\+=P([F,;8$(7[W*B.)S]3
M1U,<V&NFI2:J$*K-
_V0=^*43;7=L@



MNL!=@L%7+UM0C5B-N


!OW8XJ-8D2/&JSWFM9








WXDXIOA 
'$/(:8ATX/6%H_XNV(HDT:)JMH&+/0'J

M=XKO


MRPVYOZS4NTV)

VW ]U+8
EW936047&5A;QBF7


ML =EPK(-Z'/0?8EITVPN;J'; !^3J&8$9 M




MU

M[@Z;!X=-P 


$XA0O=TYAN\HIK$8L](BER2%9


MJ-@$.X7F%(3YO?Q#28-[B)1Q)9

M1


MA%?UN)::5$9'?/2&=+XI
H37P1ES/Y4S[W



XL??A.]&T1

 9? )*SDSL'3=-


M%HT_N4%*/^170*-XA

9)












?+


5\+]WV05FOB$7;
MFL2-49;K8#@JN=NB+-\IP6RBYKNS_UB

^_A-QN
5_2

Q]RXY7;;S
@1]Y;TFI7&=R




VJ] N2LZ+&N[\=BRA*PD@#=/L

:K\;\C9F'%GDA2P)GT^[R:_'/R6^S[L8C_Y*'/ MDB
MNRUD7Q^X25%NW.?W=I=
&'!=!O&V=&QS.UIZQYE$I_*;V='TQ]-V/&+.\T
G
_)<]Q[01.U]-*\HOR
M* T8?TL/K4;*=*(Q&A9M)V@2C3\@/B]VRV;,#CXRCA9/0,;^O UB$9
D#Z1


M _\.@7=.'A,)P)%H:@:8\<40QL
M3G#-\^]4U1H9J)D::






1



M5T;&''T2VT2TY=?^-MYO5G&3V'7%PEDGLNE8=]PE&/CG45(:B3MS'H
[_(ZC
MM]26S%Y^IZ!&I[50UJ*P*92V4MMP57YSHH;5;%DRK137*X[ .OG%W#L=:S.H


9;!!OGB8O\(F';B8L]%D*:U5ZQ
M2OFMEBJ^2H?
C&!:R$[Y1_).=D-9RR:^4R:3O!-?)VO9C//


; P__^?ZNDEPO0^XJ;FPX








M!(^(=

M 7!6Z9SU)\\F?28BOS;+*M&$59R459Y25IF=C*+D?\(J8
M25I'DPFKG*+K)'
U&KK4X4W\)B7UTSQ9I@NT-?0B*K3\8/^*M(@I19B')_-4






@R&@XR


MA.(!F1M%U+18^$E2R2%


C&'NJAY'+:&K(1&;!%L;'=E-U0UH-MK4R@H@62HD3:UG]13')-C\


%HF#U








J7$N+TQWR6&\_T12AKN^N;RZ81^9G7%TE+G]


MT^)V$%AQS[G=95IP8
8.8^J.

ME'$
'\T.Z#@0+
A981 \






L?L)&


#8(/%_OZ%XS/G20:. 1EC(;P%=QH0T
M& E6N+Y_2


MT9/W8^PXD_=/ 64J!'^9
<Y94OI(J(<7'EYSE5U:#YM])K<BL?NC[$5




Z5;W3LQH854C7 4B6TF(#0!(RL+KBI!9-1;IVV )$!2



N&4K!DDX6Y;HEV[
MC8:$HH^_3?O!_7(Q:12GH2^![X2EW' KYM!4A
RBKT+4*/I3'[=KC5E=$3*+
MF:%T =H Y0/P+4K=*[

)

M\/KF\NJ&?61VQM%Q[.
A07WL4O2

8VV\W/)WKR?HP=9_+^

M?7\D
4X+../YGT^

7$JX-
W6BM]%W*L[LK=0VV

9]T&@&J7AYK





MLY)#LS(UHZ5$

# ACC:-%U%DD:H<%MKO$UO ]7^P'V/Z-INLH2&CUS/0T'8<8\=A0C9[+7
M=F:O48B?77\0)LF3/*[4)C3KH^^DS=$1F





M4U'))N/S0T1CJQ^&4R$X?103R+P^

M.;/Q$WS$#O8W?G(S)4#$=O
?SQ:

M? 1L*1%4)_S
:*)O'#4


MR;:?8WN_HD0*71'LJ-;+E$U6A10RR!LKQ!&\D5U9[;6XFSL;84&D2:6#_+E#




MAF$\&G.A'_)P]C2QZ8D
BQ0

MV


W&
MG637SE4)X
W-G



MWNM!'=.U6PT]N(0G=N?]];AD46G.H0$\#CP.-U*2GLWGMAV/8D\XP/(+

6XET
M:4@R![?)Y.VPJFT4EFO1SB]E;-B'R*N8)D%APB:2HAL*!23R7)+)BW#252
M_NM4H:<^IO1<EI$ZI[&,AH1,9!9L/UBJ!\PTZA+9M&\W:DL;X-I+/EI?&Y'
M
:8N]I 7A'Z.,NKU#4/-@1Y=H1*@@N
)$K26;1-6S-RO(VF
B2'\I?B$_Z
M;A2B


YYJJ%QXHI?FY5BXJ5\NI.%&?==-H
MNFXI*^S!?P





M(9U =Y)#=^HJT8

MA.VV%DW=^/B_/\]6Y


M8Q[XZ$\W&CH4OS 
8NMX;<HCG3A^7.;'X$^(=FT^S08
MB:?\23C'^N@B\/N$$M\F?((33@ZGK,Q/B5-T;O.BF)ADL/C6^Q%;F-ZP&2_



GDEF12-XGE\OOR/\R?VY+M)
MDD:&)4[1X] -)P]]P4G+/C[DY)'\M,X].[.O__E+'#8&&(\_I4MQ[CM)9V/
M_YT$?%XR(A@KQI0\DM?HBQ?8WW_]^]\0^N=&HURR
7SBI(/Q+0PO8LJV)9JL
MM



EOYY[+T[UV2XGUWHM\R'=M/(AS=GM
/





MA?EO*5=:1NYAV6G)
-L]Q4K+R-



^$FJ-5K=E

MYMBVXU'LB8 LAXPI.W6$XGF*ON'_!!11PM#$CB$QGCL:4QYI+
JXBB&'F YX
:2M.0Y19?9
MQ_*O!Z-Q++[.J$ \_HICM

M6=!0-M1K_@A)/_9^=_MD(V=0[CA?WA[?QD38$%_2C6%_GKR\SNQ.8D;\=8_]

K^?8M=




M#/% I %';I3H9\(]'8=1


N)9PB3
?
P]\&RA?K*T

NOV#?5YJ@?$SPRGGR-D7)R5J.K8\B1^'(W?QC@D
/'6^V=XI;WH;$%;O9
']X
M'WDR^T*RDW?P_-KE:1=E3FT])#MY)]=^C'ZP\SUWT7-%?*.Y4!3AT&N^@JC\
M])7W:D)7+ZM4M#)#3-ZIQ2LGI4])$[








N-YMASY(
M=:*!H[P$1[EI2'_FUL=37COFEI_@N%G=$^; #^ '\OG-
/[HGE@1_
M45_=5]&XU0Y&1 F14ZZ$IQTEG[:E5QDUL=)5SOFEI_XDL@R*ZQ /PJR]SR
M4U@P_







M658ZB




R<@;DU6CL!6^$BGM+ZC[%XDY3B;
7(B%*B(0P
M-*/5D5PXK0B% $91B

MIL+FK1K(A&[!ZE)8
/Q



MT533'_

!%8KBT-:M='[AD58-?

?
M[)&\1E^\P/[^Z]__AM _EXP4C

MTK(W]Z3/3NJ_3-UH-@RCH1O\9:MAZ U+/T&N\_G$;EC&R:_KSO8^&Z[1QR/7



$G'_\SR?M



M*&25-W!W##=C!=^



M+]LJ5XGFUK':*NQVI 7H-)I^V= O[/!T)@&-E&D1[5L%Z!R4%B$!,I6AM,,
M4_:L0@#5PT*V?E9K/$Z-;Z1*_7S73]ZOIN.0.&@2!H\99*IE:+WU\[R8B




MS)!2KLV

B

F57$.'V5T5#-?!#;IV*
Q5*.AT]PUXV^ HK6%;
MAD3IM04WAP6$ $)VL*);]4&(K(:U))JE_+JO_!06K)UW=*W=!4NSIPB/X7%

1X%-')_B _ ^ 35NCC5
M^F-;UYIEIE(4HEZK(0*@5S) NTAHM[H


M&PT)9=+#;]@QI807/^59AC*W8#[F@:L8696O0PED2416Y;D-KG?*3GD+AR@4
MYY+#3JEG[

M:F4+*G&LJN%SA49X[V9:8N]X:!0)^ !\2(




W5+'OA#'## 16:X


M03@D*'CRW($Z9RJH]B6H]D;;E%P0@8U:#0J+=K8T2^P\39J56W4NR

A[?
2&WP B'T DRNV U[0?%7Y7BY*J;6



T)L2!RQH^B5H^@W)91(8K-6@L.CR(STH/R+_

AJ84NB




#*G4O4)?(


0HJ/%BB8(E6E

MCO KPJ*2FX9\$BFAS




AH2XBR%XGZ1D9/A)X@U_E\8C?

MUV
?1H)_?
8_E/-/^M?0_4$2=IMJ+&*K#LF3O=:'!3XS.QFE[#[1FOB7!+ZN


98*.(?YGT_


X;\MHZC8V2I#/J1W C\#/TO.







0^#I+?M=

06

]3%U:L?:\E-8-/A


M:\M/8='@
2:
#RZ^C;(WSK)L221)D7V(0XZQ;H:)99
M8F62W3L1@ZL 0 X@WPSDW1+]#H#P8@L2;5



M]9201: 7E:L7F3V%\YU +U)#%IFZ$K((]*)R]:)F4^'B+: 7*2*+C ;[9W4[



MJQJU(7*HK

 3@_!5 +Z:@\Y'$^'B?BM








M5)QLAN):V:=2ZX[CU!G1=+W$AC50BP? H@Y82@U#5:\LS_[:
HP (ZBDS%93

KI]&0R(:3$-2'4I+/I2KER]$E3(&E%8,O+GWP$-W
5N9G[
MHPHUF67SZLM!8

M8.

 #\ 'XD(/[Y. MP,<!\-&UM%:G
MJ#L=B*DHW1NC7$S%;S0(0S3= M816FL&'L:EK1J=$VQ N/VI$8=&\W-;:



M*U2O.*!0S
)1DDGL.8M#U

 2HZ&$E-KM25RT !* 42
MHD0B$Q00 @@!A !Y* 0$+(Q0KJ:84A=:^3(.#I J



'1!]94






M$/X_B52$4C5Q=0KI5+-JS@/VH%3]+A1*EFO:6T'J(8K-ZUJGJ:NQV@I%P$K&

M.F#[^E!8





MMTN




;;^OC/3*N:QW]F@J9


MU\1JGP5XJ^&>+!-

M;PC]\_T@?_B4V

=!=N!'[
T]






M]#4(''1' W[!'**//!Z3 .;A'_.F8J
B


M;_;1&C
F-:U$
_4E?O]M)KR\QF!FL&+K-4S'23YY-TJVGH.^WH4HDPIY
#U[



M9L'\W0#6KA[/*$(FL#:P-JC?^V4]6;K6;';+=2J4BH6MG0C9M'W)G0C*U1Z\

8 8P Y@!

8$825@/

M*I




MUKIM^;T)$#=2B[B1A]_$1O'_SM5Q'(!357FGJM'4VF8+;B




P^PZP]CPY]
0:7#')?
CP&$?80#D



M\]%0USFT C=JZ)\_@YX)8#\BV-7U:


7.5;=KV;Q*XXLU/G:0HF(0L;BM2I_SZT\#
M)5*IF3=* )D/TQ&Y@7L;GQ] ] SR=$C(2N#4B/$)SNOG0S9UN)?623K_Y%
MLKXK^)'+ZG99\@JR?F$.BR:0*0AB]%=?
GXHJ

MM5IFIVP7A19L_U L&VK5(=+ZQ/T_J&=\\OWU9Z.GB46UI7&;G!6OJR9CL%EQ
M+M&(Y?7?-SKB[(%R$E*T8N'/Q'.




HHKC(_5=31Z)$_X:9GJ.K5\(Z%;-=4
?^I$UHK


M4&]PTEP=+*J#-%097
F)*SE1U5'5MU#U8:?1[^AW^F;%G*A.D*T


M3-X8ECX=A8LC:[$X\N[OLJ/$?V?ZC(CA3(#N
P%FM]$WN_6:D]0;W95V^L
M?J/=K]D4&NH-Z@VNB425095!E4&509515V4Z[49K
%1^Y++BFJ439O#2.FZ
MUVVTBMU103W%TG1M82JE6+#Z0XCY'H
KEY[MC^AQCT=^9P:(7G&O20+L8A9



M;L%TYC@L9+X7&*%OW-[.]F.ZTF=\5*/JR:UCA@QO%8X9
EQ:RI51;AX.[%1&

M!OVMI^/2D8'YVGH]QDA+5SC-;7Y]R=]LC%09CC8=(]UI)6EZA8!DXHO9
3E#

R\C?CHW$6&N&8&M1S#']DC%A@$]=XH80;5LOL-.:\/E$#
5$C!V+]T03G(Y 3\5%N!MXQ/YAC'S?F;<PY;X3V6$ [3RR
M0+SY-&;VV'@B ;P\];EX,?(<RF5[W[+M$:#O3K;Y=HT;M.F OHPH5[X;NUX
M=?+[E_=1T'P@9/KA+G[KF_PH\QXN@3'7#R).O]/G\-SU[1^G?_H?P_AEU0NW

MIV]U\0B:;([(A+EP


3



M





#6-




;S$F+

M _:$48

X7HPN#*]AXYQZ4'UU)D[Z:S8.7
M3


MNJU.=W\61'=_H].(VV.AZ_#.-QHR

MM91Q;



.AW!B7Q



M _K?2
CO44CM
%4I75R@2TJW:(VL^^[+L&8Z;5!'[$J15?.OA//$CW9HQ)







4H(?JT
MU:=+8]5W
_8M#:






MJ-)Y
ISAATZY=1F
M\4BS6+5-)CX/V1_R J:Y&+ ?+6#_J==J=$JO5DD:-?#+&R\: ?5'=5]?W7O
M#D#=6ZCNRJL[#BQ4,Z,YPI:+&=Y*W]FBPT7
VR:K8;5+OM8C]VW7





MI]@8



MT2E&*HX




M#RN9
6 YT5;E1&5/-F

D

N+YD%@SO7NF5



M9R/0MC)L]GK]56SV-F%S$Z(VY2Y'7LEYO ?'=6]EWVX$[V)/8X \L=87E5

N/!1Z&B1.@3P/6&R1SZ?L/!%KA4Q'L#=

MRD


M%&X'J!

MD$K\9# %9N*Z4/&2%)=TR\$[X\P.(_@2EZY;^
G(%4P _]P8@36)GS0Q)F\
MX(U$#NDE08(K_P]SK(&O3=;[9/L'!$TYM .J#MJ

S


=

M$L(1C = U+V0


/=]SES4#^9V3
MTV%K..AWK#E76]%U4);6]](R2]9JEDRKW1VV]V()S.:/#R/?#\'TT
_PA_$L

SEN$UXFX!/3X93EDD^X[8A3!:7

M6_
M;M/F%GE;@
4F1G&9JOAS8'_]B-OBZL2%MKT'

OS&.3:&)



MC55G1T?4;;7SN

;2\?R3V5D-S;'LDK75.GV)#J+/:FD(K&TSD!^&?C





M(OT=4C6QB5!LK+ZQX

MYZF88TQH!&


JZAUQQ3I%N63B*PU12P^@I;DR115%%5VEHK(.



6=\!(E[/'QN5FE/LA =5;R'[%



MF_E2W*J!;0-I)+![2R8(P ( .+

M5[S^II@0H[D8O4MW1CF/ I!G$-S%_



\^1I0?U@M-F$D!P[0FN5)R7
M24U
O85SSV:CVHY+#/BUB]XGOSD






MX7H#

K]1YG )/G*[]_$5$V\VH@\LTDTT1OD


MT8VV^TUT5\SRHHW;%P55L%!HW9 1ZMI?+16KKC!X_6*OGT(]T!A$=K*7RT
MED;@PE.0M#T%27N4X2E(IVI#N:\!0D1
WVJ
%3D


6X1(

M81#A.9)EGB.I
##P'$@$!9[CJ
DYC@I#!L]A+/





:SN?QR1H15!0;\5@BJ


)'9]T[F[=_NWI
MQ47GYX\?_N:Z7S#%'$78=X9/SF 24Q_S





:I#[BK;: FS_]QY-\WD60K/)K)D1/)7$QF*#_+[KO!RE^*Q&%W-


J=3/)E;19U&#TE*()Z.HR)+1F+

SK6/$/1&A5^=CW1EG
\PC AE#+H67
M'4PX'IUT1)+DIKG1;P$:OH8
+FVRQ& Q 

?ND$X)= YQH




MS$
7_Q&+-&Y#.-&RL@61(W.(W.;D^(?S60K28D/W8*-PXHX]KQR#%G8 L'








7FF 9FCGVX2%;VYO+/=IR:$_K4%%J

M-


M&:)+&+7AHM0IJG))'UTV#
@89?$?\RFAV'?C4*0B*(1TQ?+09%T@6]@JK@\M

 

M

18 .'Z



);$J


MI3/C.=S
)RG+IR5;



M;U



2@ CJ^%.]BP_,X@D#X%5 WC:?INY S(;Q2M0GA\['J3RE
FIL
MC#G]\[')!1U
.


M'_MLBLCFE!

M!3S03;7.M#S#P^B4W6


 LU(

MR6




6LWV)^3SP)&[5 L
^)V!OO+!:H5P.;LDV$'IN:N2FSYV3M




M\@@%V9N=+#










GDAY$W_Y?'QJ_ZZ]=&JN?XU

S8/ YZJ
M+$PCS8OB[U3Q\$)$858(K19S]A_R]8-POTHV#P

MG10)NV33GO[[^^7YLW=.)(]OID+&+R(QAVX'KP?'KX[[NFD?V
[8G*59D(H
M7A! DX507#

D3K)4N)
MUE8A5S*T9.F:A7.5



H[,X(C)@8V)7/#LTOF%M%S0*[6LKKD/ &IV54@1
M8H-_ADG.1M

M
9/Z-8QF8/OEPV9L6N4



7%M!12:_=7X;J!PD9!5Q_2%TIKFV/;M032F1'B5LX$C(@3&
M'.Y@2*J ;.P0#V74$S)F\L/1\5'OCO&;6;:J=5CV$\IH9^OX^4;]JD5?Y?-Y


M)?UT@(G:1*&DIWB


MK





M8H'03H%D


S?63&PTOMV/3(ZI8V.V)RX-!GW=#T/HYTK!;D)_?



M:3L'


]/S^(YF+JFX#JN-$&8O*JM


GMD9IL1UP!HIW#LRHT=24--MR)5KK
9)0


^U82U#?48?E UAFNJP8V%TC-^^+'DW+



M$?/]?%8SD)++TJX

MOU$G&_/IE$D5:&D$X6*1Z .OQ89MKD_-!]/E/OMZFU832^C0N79X+V_OM
9X


YH4B+
MMBZ[<ABUZAX(P:R_0]Z&E *P#;$[Z&8E-0UXRZMW;0:LA(8%
-WDM&P:NC)


B!'X '34!6=/#S:&H%J^#9%4D&
M'HOV2*7T4Q_
G9Z\G31HX%_/*$_4*/I*==:DL;&SV:86_IC^UH




!KY 7AW%IM.:-B='%':ETEOK.ZOZ:-O%JVC
M)4'7L6N[:LOAXI#.=:-J.V0SLG?
I1Y ;@

MMX

J@M(Z!R
M&D L%18:!&L&&QT'*.G/^WD (T^=?KA*J&PT_2)$K*Y$$ANVQ RM/-1L2WVQ
MIQ3F\^PE+7P=VM29)NUXG8@4YEP.TV[T..3+RQXW4A.?[S
9@C:!E9(/Q4U_

M*QK'*E8MF.AN$QL:GF.DL6@[!SPH7S_8FH [\%$=FL?M!_3N@B?_ U!+

W<VK/
'T

M__//2KP*_;)O!#__.7UOR7?WGSYNO7K]\\W=/L&T(?WGSW[;?OWFQ:OUXW

Y

M__R__^?5JWKJ$(TIR? -GKU:__CEYO)X+M*\?).DBS?K-F]0EC&2Q0ASBF=2


MI/)OW=
X*PL-K\14\BO


=GPZE)-N@M$.\U_?-$C5


MWO
?^+2\W[N\V:_^.6$T))R.BPP]/+N9I7^WE2]TB3JO*.6?9+L09?_ B'[
MDP]LXAKH:VLZ-*D?ULM8$W-&?-/+MCOG@N96FW=$LMG2X_4HY:N*WG2+[Z

MCMA%

TW-V0!X(

W
V
M72,ZI8*])7]'68494Q:2G 2@04^OL&II=%*5<T+3/]EA;X4CZP$ AE 9M$<




FSK5P5XR
MLJ@(;9O@R.(B3'6ED05*=%7E1Q8^
:PU=V1Q%SV8-T86C&&C4H\L
J.+*61D


?0SI82*J-..
B9&Z^?%RL:3D41R.0KFL1GU]


MFV%YW@


.)V_Q]V?(
MZO=F8GVX8W29GR&;Y3VEXG@/$'I741QF=+Z-SP-AY1SIE3=XYQ]N(R6C.^8


(D=/N@_

-'JHQ

*
M['AAQRBXZF$(/




M_]
@A%

U9E.6*.:W
ML8U'4I5\1=)J).2:
+^1.'-UI$YP^GNKK$F



)GT]Y+/A1Y(]IOG#X?Y79[CI]!FQ
M^^D$(/CG7


@L8Y
M+X%JZ.#0'


UCL\2G/68R&*

T(
MOM;@23
@ %7.NT+/_<6/4

M@5+Z=Y15^!-&_
K@W



#0W@ZRX +#K+@(.O90::E
M+H%SCK51O1^=KNG! (=1@WB=VF VYIFTSN=+=5.7I'K.TDT



BY'=








&KN*K4;S'U2QS2UF=/
[

M QT\T


M]ARTYZ ]!^TY:




7 $#XW)H=FN

[F'=\+(,BI-T]'=/)IO[X86P
GTOY]O488WKZ9_
MQFJQ6=EVQ+$?)P !P$::I\MEFC_\AO(DJRVMXH5R(0)Q84*48)/A

^AMW-





PA]F=/0I^C+*XR40'TZ
ED?O/7+V]L(#-!AO+JH/)9


84Q;E0X^QDLY(V&O%''F8L7A.(8%2V)H\K&(TZ[/ $(


P?





8KY;6SCD50E7Y&T&@FY_IG?OK[$B-N89K?BU34[8EG)I'3&ZB[S
M$E

M

H;^B9::=M4-1T=X?XMLWQ?7^;LBJM$

M.2.4DJ]



.AY8K  N&Z#(STXTH



MBPQ1FK



M\[+2/IWV+S-U(YLB=C%QEB9L0))H
)VF'H)'XY@7#ML\*CC)DW7UJ[V5WKPT




E;NLK;D/ )IO
MXQXA
7I3URDD(O+DXOH)9\:?'B@NU
O2WL-'W;GC]VWYK)^)O;-[Z+;8RJ)J



05LE
8!KEZ&[?+J!1R*Z)AM;A:J1#@:F=8KZQNS*XZAFVB$WL





MN*MMV1.I+NNR[_D7Q;'C;)CB.3^+C[BVS?''1AH%E.:C*HZDB&*[0T\;8/(:

6U0UP\4D8$RE^W EZ!O,AZ0D(
M5G&-4I,5/NX$ <R%X-VW@G5/9_PWVI#D76$:\G'LQD M#+G(G4NC/V:6A

ERGL6! 5^59MK8?
03_
##IWC5+6'&57-@(T?-V\OJ3C05T:<%7T$/R?


PN7O?P:D5BXP(2'#89=;*\%$
MB P'OL57!B8@9/##W^ [ 1,7,ASX-B\+F//(==_&.^HYM2Y2Q_O.G5.8P\T


MR=]-*2&]LX^EE!HF
MH+P
#ZQ2R;^JHES7)5$%1@[\-??3=\
#7)E
\!'1G)=64_('=6
/CC!^)Q:7
M15%)PQ2;FGCTV#T[[ZH &JT^P=GKTV



MPV!FIDF@LXAJ.[1FKQ!ARG

M51[\

.\$Z]X2


 8!L*EKI@
MJ0N6NA=IJ;

PVNO.#*&]Z5Y[FR

M1[OA73H;NU#H-RATX]*^J
J*XLT?UB@NTD=\D18QROZ!$2WNF%B'T:S4+3;?




$#&3R0P0




\$064V:[B+)&+0R3GDE.OTZC[L1%;!D\
M0C!N!N/F2S)N!G
)?%-*%3TTO7Y_N6+DU'NAY1@ :F"?:BMI]%H(JV(5R
MJ*K@!VR^H]_VH
1T^BYL97 'K8U_]CN1VE\;L2YU A.AC4P: .!G4PJ(-!
M'1R#SF
M8+P ?; '*=:'0MC\


M2)BLD TY
@@ 5B-8B(.%&&8V9!]Z);B
R(&N/KE5RU#6 &F@=[EMB-N;-Z1*




MFRCJ;?*)X5M4B\TV^5 ]-X%T&\3$GM
7@/.*R70[N:H3CF=C^8!SF8O+2AS;



RW_S%&GS[D! GXIJ1S/[_=Y15



M$_6/0%#W;5[7A/\3$/@=#-.:2'\&AM3*EJ$KF;@+:1UB5]MA'I\XIC+9ZJ*&
M)I/U9ZO5G0$H(MI0YEGG81+ON8HK8A5Y56RRP%&)GG 1
:J9WEM$?%*B))VQ

MIX]X/V9UK5-





M-JEYPX8Z=3B5^0 @09H+_#ICN(=Z@5(J+%\UD9\P*BI&]32_P9PV_M D*M+B

^

(&6G_
?

M(@MM?V(XQ=/ (+_#15
$
(IKL03$UV!*X(TN W
NGB@P 9M=J^U$W[PLF%
:I='!6ZX+



VZ7)@-J-X@)LD

M=12+.1.X^?^XT/V(
IXC.RF%4
H$5&&2ET QZNL!VJX^-Z=ROSJW#%![#S\P

MI46^:._@%40K@U2V]5!SF.L?:X-.&^G*MIY(U][T+:W=DW]-UU=EJ^BC:.F%

1:RFZ Q)6#ZFI47N;.]P EE!(;+:
MSEG;.UAXD=4A9-AP
?MRO&L8U





M!VZ?6J%LWT$)Y:H=1R:($32

M1[QV=R\Y&

'NO6
+@YP[M3VVX(8&3 = ]3+'NJV<T[ $YVT1KK6=%=PLTY,.%?#@CK/ Q
M#L^A^MW4(2=PF/L;CXL
-*%-0SE3M8P@H%9[F%F0
\NB:?%9@@/]=\/J+3#!@].EP6#NE*;(@[K2=_F5VMA,^OL
M'9S5^EF-X0^J9 WJ;-8JS1_6S[BQZ[RE.&(/(_J;AH-ELMO4)D-X?/! Q
X
M\D-

/=75?A@_=F/. \1Z9
M4$XL565PBVD'UD3U N






MNL94.]5/P!T\**LPB*4


MBG $Y6N[0M15L
 8

9*GL\9AE ^6
MNO@J!








M$/Q?C6LQ5$U^4YL1D IA=L4E\RO.N0&9
;9)PGAURHN-ENGCQN FQ6+2V:-C
M[ZPJTAP7Q4:ET?%-JOH$GW#P;\(GW#[(07@]9\%Q C@QMLA[=R48C150//

2:]^51C[*1VIUZB$T6]


L&6

MW0\2)
:F

*]2=)]FXL8TQ=?0%0*PO6FW


!X 
MLH6;V@\$!C2_UHJRP\HJ!H 



MN^P4LLL&(K9:+NOP4)1QD? B(U\O=Q646N1(P][NX1U'$SROMK:IPC99\+M!
M@M-VF%/*%@P9!/ CST


M[W_96\

M+:2AK. 




M5NQE*3E:=]5(8\:&8


M8

A3].S3_=?_7L#FW#@I()..N#_]9L]







MSZ



 X5KAS5M
*4;84:


TY-:N+1 ^EQ^X00^2SIV;I



M=O

M4



8UXH!W@W:+=8UT6YQQGE<H6^PB4=G1(@_8$^P]PF75E4I^3]JK' JS2G
M84&4@NU6P%J4.$8(996Z


ZQGS/RZ2H

MZW7 


G
M9W?1A#T?Z

OPA-L_^9$)7)LDI



MX5:WW%85Q+CR$X\*MP?!LG5D:?XNSL.$Y65&'^AS\99C\MN -M&=#JD_L&!M




_PQIZZ18@^
TYR3B?^?7
MPX(;00L\X)M:$:B.*\))ZEC'X)LB@79(-Q09ZS
!;)[_7
7Q
1\14D]4=9


MO

UQ&L2ADLIFT0&*VP65ED=
/=%D!4(R8
#




+%Z

G4-&&G57L;
NUHV7@[
J941957J/I&5GU%2+0







9;?D/)
M_P4B7SOD%1




ECD A%
MEJ\IY08E_UJ8LD5#ML8&_;(G6_/2L]OG$W
C\Y%R.S..:EN9I50D&'E0=RC!

K^[CX/2NZCM6SSQ2J1-V:S9.$_JT-J
D]?S4



!0
MWN


K

VQC9?CK:]9=Y;999=2L
H:R7:+P%K23@UZ1


L#!W8&H^$


7#4%SKX@H34J$R/^Z5VY$A

M;;M

MI_K_R1- 92Q6_\O L*[]]TU'*RQFUTM);2N8%GW=

MA@*3*H]'
JHT'-O

[Z4=X3IDMHSX%H_(?F=[5$W5&HZ4YS
MD+@PS


Q07%$M*1!.2AI(XH(HKV5ZC3K)E^*H _=Y]7Y%




PMVPU
M4(!PZ

MJ1T$*G#8


1T'
8FD+G.\Y)&0\%J/9]@0](Z4[G2BUV8J  S+9RW

M'9#%D2^1(MDSHX





D)'XW7'^DGY4M(E&XS

;+3*J6D@CMY&KY;7+\IM-T

-?T PRIN\<[1171=T<:

0*V8L3$ M@72=VB5%'%/

T4@A'@GRQ
^'#?U4A6K_6U%&TVV#'

8/D?RDWH%M^E\MH$5?]$*UY_\;!.+\/]:
S





&I@(=?U(DVL0P:1
;)ZJ./\6:0Q


M-9


MGT%BM03/

MC

Q?K]96!8-_(!NA\?N1*)F1;=_&2V
M'F#8MB*4XC_



H#LEY=9
W_

&;B^7;*4(UQRG&OD69I/^:'U9]0\


0X?O<%W];LX0CG4/@3C'4ZEQVF'Y!
MP-[IG25:3.!2L(POC9T#??._4/<1W)H6%XC\\^_^^G;\]__482A32W4?DW$

3V2?V2WXH[4I_

-!




M-8QHT1W3?*H@XDIL75.-$#;%FV!&S!Q%SOQ8-'!C^P1) V&_@LZ&-E19F.;
M/:J*%[WE

JBX\N=



N@X

S

^&[6;NZF$(/HS_VF:LW]T^+[GWY4Z<QM.8!8


M
S*&6Y6V9$FOPYDP];'.J @-4FYN=_[KE%\$:5[P)21E!(4/FK^@'0#34UKS

MT6'!?T=+)295DO
QZL]-MNO 
N%
NEGR6_C1W]'2+CNQ-?F?0F ^&F$*4SLZ


MMV\6;_B?JS?M/Y(XS\OZ+8*515[P'^ 8%&56SO](?EZ\^:ER[OZ\.#__SE/_


!+F[6ES$PG+3Q*=++_*N
M
0_S.J]EM5]OV*[W$1#[VJE\*#

MG$QFO;(/ &RZT*M&@-H:]LP2[&26F_F-PS$=G@P709Y@@F1R]=M@WBK+ZT

MZGBY.
GA4

MI\%870APUEFR+:58VQ^$M3A



M-XE85
@716M4/



MG3

0%N2P!QM


H1C0S[=$S/1



M%VM6%H/% 




F7R14BY*L!3U8 WZ]X2;!3


M\LAL1_)4V-NJB0/2Y5#().%(^]I1J(X6E6'W:P6X#+XJ!M&@D3_E\OT3O*
M[











J
[
'GA+#[H(OOW*

'U
M(3SIO]*@6' I7&4TBBOYY
*7E]MM$GN+?Y1FK;X4







M2)IQ';Y*H1$43:5U,OLDATK20

P3SN

MV-

$;P$-3NT@407Z\'+@9 ^=?/8=





EKNFG'I


D)')T\:=)JER

Z=K?5*!GH5&Z:-LKTX9))=;K?(QV/!+\0$7CX8H3'Z/U#&#
M\[I3-3X-E6FR

M3TTF32*;G%$74]D;3L/

?4I@C^&IK2O1:K\MJZ!ZXU-)NG*5(CE]CQZR((T

YP@--3:M;7ZJ8+?UR%KHI +O7%%)D9BITLT^#_V9

M18+IXHF)$W-/&T3^QDU/T/FKA&/XNHX]7Y!'@6M52MB+ C#&X\S6YKCPY3YP

H

[(&296_)L4-H?UX5:


K
M]X4^JDR

O+6JL/T

M=Q+_A2;)?Z3L2WK/46

T
]^ _D@4\J!#RY
MDZ?(S)1I-X\[W5$V.R2L7T1_*_,+J(6/(/&X!F^#VKCY?NVJ+T DW=)#]1$
64D43KGCH8T%O71/M+BJ)W]\89+#
'7




V5YE7C=B6#2(D
MD%RGK;*CZAS(]



=7[F2GS64@*6R?K) ^9G$D1._\S7=OA.#!;[J=@\4SP?5F

M6W$FW!=!5JBIA+=! DD.?O%^GRHJ
WPQHQJ_D<&G@-P9A
UUD&73R

[)5]L':-@-

M5
UY
*Q[1I^9[0/4M '
(S:KP[WW;)\\VGT^HCO@F)Y3VS8;.+XN9S5:XA8O


M34C BM1HD9DNVXBBB1IQTAPBXAX#&:;&M;4(84/Q((63&=@(_X;O15FL

<1#ZY4S&T?7/N1%C=+RZ4GAZ'Y+UYBI5MX1&)@6MPIT+\96\3
.*8L&S'D1F0KKY/T#4?]E/9+_10P8JA

M^B24(Q])[0#1.5^

M.
\@1ANB_4)B%CU%);J

$-/AI7C%!7Z9(--^E







M5

ML_*(5

MJT

! S
BM88&9%?J

MC*

MB5;=N5RI_0.@&$6NB34ZF$(E3M-6/ECOYC

M-!.^V?PM77+!:]4ZS=\_%UG LBCF4KF[+NA&N.2A 1+.'ZK1MD/(8#B.@$








E3V0T99#A/5]Q\K?YY4Y

(U


ZK_/&C+^1*



M[UB27+'L2Y#QWSXF=+(+KO:$Z-+76
#VRV-7F$$#LL$*[P30(S5^Y+/ T'MH

8VOV^
MG0D2NF6T]T&6<)N)GSK/DXP^AXT^BV2M7KGM

%H WB\\+29&[SL:Z\.T#6B@00^N;7OWV;9W']K@-:_KSBF;R=QV!FCK5N8^
MTL),GSK\1$B95 =HW7D&-Z2EN$!X\RH39S&YC!S%'?+V0-A)TU)\_R.YM!4
M(5U!

/5ON'&U


M'&=8=&*B]XVK)D(4Y 9ALRU&)W=ULQO' G-FEX7XD9W$-%/.D@LB-3;*65
MR+$3P]'2
@^LP
M%AJ'(#(^VA4U4!V2H M0_ 0-D?;X^8J/UF179ISJL[A;J5V6[-Q^7(GF 'B#



+VHG2PNR#1#8
MB ^#J#B+#3&(
=/SZ0.
M#A\!%5@-P/HISC9.3Z9&)$_^L/?5^5P;6E-^L?ZO=?UCA[,ZZ+KR%(,-2E[5
MVNBUHL?,\G+F;*M,<4*?=V^,'K.(,Z\KJ.C'F4M,9#;.? 2@$W=S8%P<4J6



MX'7GQN/[)CU!V5


M(9W;R%42\&@SLX&O\+9P=S;;? 0Y=Q4\OQW+AHC()GCB3%&F@KW?J/+%Y:

M]H
G09$21@(!T$#RF[FUH+.L 3YY @1$W;C]\LB9F;1KRTM63L


+Z0

6QFHGL6-CJ48&SM7\O


%VN3\[4ICT35Q)6 X272!)%;Q

M!)0@!T_%7



M8@[7A7[J_%-;C:^S2GO/G

MTY2J9R&\Z%P&6;9;LNQ+D$5#P1/3 _ M508F=MAA90 #9




D$LK*-?/5N5.B]S#73%R-E
)
JG0*-Q&]
M7%E

&:C2



?IUFP*D$


Z#67:2N









MRZE)UFDNN4W2CFIE!RM@':A
#'JV=:=.EMA+H8@;'0AM))O%M.-@.0O2$AE6
M=


YXZG!5@'3/W32V'J




MYVVM$Z'A 17RZH-H1\%2R*7:LCQN$E4:Q(3%5I!Y+?HP@/\!N7:^T#RHTG^W
J8'K4]%<8Z4I3Y2)E2J3&ZY;+ZYG9]QN4^BYC*

9J=;*Y



M;RER6S4+21BHM7I17%6;!4LI.?ON#DI-JLF)'@RS4H3#Q;:
W?;(U9)E/1)#
8-TC[*V%A9^NG1<W$?KJ^S&PVH*X63[:YV/P._3%

1JMI41AQ[V.HD@\QP;);1!'UVGM91KO

.\782A!^DXM0E!V#6Z5 8S(1UI)L3/$(4R27Z\J@



EEQM34GOY/\%DV[F!3I+LOQ
MCQF_ P ?G[_Y[HW@8OC-7UM7X!7+^


M.2Q9\(4Y8._?OP3V/MX#S7(%QX0]9N8N23[PG_@OFU_Q_WL

M!!0    ( .2+TCT77I-\4,  ! *!@ 5    8G)I9TR
#$U
3 S



^
HMA.G5Z=GE60KT;3LTI'DSO33+(I$J=AF


B??6$\B+!V:_?G7W_


JBU'^


?@S=GWS\7\7=_


MB4//)2(+?/T9-O2E.&J!AO[F?SZ3B8M[?+F9YFY#4C%Y*
H\C
K-9&GX@-)Z

4)ZC

M\:;W+



%*/

M@;.[DEQZ=W-RY1;3JJ3!.S2@B4\QH-- Y-?GSBU:XKPDLU-AJ7$G09H/0_)E



:$R7E9^#A=-^UW4






!!V'T













LNF6=9U












M+?NZ7'*Y$ABTQ8UM(%[H VEK;I !N









08
2+F@Y/^&?T;4\JRW%&?HQJVY+
F:TZ
MC($(QD-6B36EM8C)=_*P%C80I/M;J341N/IVL89N)_W2?7@DY(YW*3Z&F!M
M^P[:_E-CTV59/YMTQ50$HO/0+5,()84.(WEWG'?'*;GC-!%;/13HWQ4AY..3
MKPCU7=XUKX4:#K[6)3)@I8?YO#0W
@QMV@O5E/O
.6AX!VFWF'J':9@ARE0




MQ
3UK\]L.\AUEY#4.H5L/X'1V0ZU6.*,&T;K<KU X4^S= \F?45F'331(4B_
MHS MYQ'9V]0QWDY]IX%Z8&2:(3(_M4-?95%.?4)7V8NIR3'%GI7C+QCE07I@
M@(=:^S*7Z]D#J5SA6N%\ -F!E
^=(=6O#X26C-Q;-5'
%;*KIE


MP\



M#M))LXHCFH3AP_H\):36

M3]$QUTU/

M_4=X2(#2:%YM]&JC5QN]VJA-;01=(UY9]
JB5Q:]LNB5Q=X=D!VD0@.*X5E0
MSA%[D23
5LS(6%2+19BOZ


M_-TS*!][7:S:



M1T]^,[4Z:UO0$6*@KA=%8KU52B7BO2O%7-[V#RQ+_)\0+3@RY
:?V@;_1Y
M.1X'C6T-$[\DNL&*EO




M-OY\U;7D.(G)A[K'=R@L








M0M L2Q%AB]KAUXH.$;F(UA
VI%Y0M'8B%G)QB3/5!
P@D&=O?CACK!@&_IP$ P1C^/'J


M@ FLNTG/)SWBI[

M+%


MAZB)5F!7DSZ





M)C7;R@GYEZ3



MT9*66T&$QB0+9IMS
MCUB

M[K&KQ3)



8C5*OO\ D?B*+


M^(F=EL5O.2YXQA=A'UOB]'TNA?VY%+7H+%QKO.9F66AY%YO+[? 98P2UN-


M]9#^R6RM9/B5T7PS&-S G\)H3BZQ?+6O=XND6WX'HZF_U.(E:YH1=S+/#M/I


MT3EU


KM35IX^P5.J;Z#17C]:-.7BWC7:
MA8:_8_O=S.UAT?K L^GV[5I.R8E+MP
(!P\E*^?/.G'K]H-B_\'63MS*O2W1

S +3AYAUXLY)BC=:Q!G(

(


5+0Q\;


'3E=
WQ
MD(H##Q0 V8DZ6

97BC%55%4
MW-C9_28F@T)E2348YKDU.K\XE$1!6J ^/LQ#CFBBT]%[;TQU<BVA&U*]74F
M#$07L03 6[2L\FC.DBBS^):=Y_&'*B?'WTWMXF[ELN*_!V
LHJ8';B\V $







8N

M
&S6!;$)[[BLRBI'FS^LN;A

MZS
L#[-'QL0?23F_RN+D*8FK


BT3?DXLKIB0RSL@]@W.J7.QN%3 TBN/: 
F7M$P6A%8.
MV (@./8P'(MU(=L==ZB,)JC8D.]/-\R@PW/?/UX&3O2]DZ]8G?D71 =FC[E
M7O#/.:%;K/\)OO0NP*]*W 








MS)+N RWZTD5\


ZP'JU NMS;EJ'6T^&#WV^


%*_

X?NU GVO#

Q(&Y1%Y ])%I1S%#Q0IEE%

M=.TAV*9QQL\XB]3I%?;N@61VJMS3CP\#%=*^5[+ \ &[Z(RI&FA;@6*Q!MWB





'*DD;CR\MWU#SRV*4

MQL+USB

=$9 YS.F
HH!
M=N




LAQR(Z6.4Z)$E_0 [_D)5^W



MMZYH2DK@M

R204V*@'#BR60<[J 9[X_1-\%!7
PGP



MU

^&




M]M:@;ZM)@7B#=3;Y

+F\YKG@



MY-+X@04:RH9U6D:$:)PF




TWQ
M-QKA
LV8#G1)+BDFS$]G//R;..@R7I]-^@G/Z;G967QE]YQ?@^3;BEPZXX

88IQ;$D(@AC
E:%A@)M)_!P4.\*&&UAM=V1ZV

78X4EQ_A6/:]Z61$


Q4YC,J?T@(C<_]3^ -[M[@[@WN8[,Z93MOW^6!$=3@IT!=:A0

=
M=#?GS


M#_M*L$86=+TFK(5DD











X$[%P
O:H%
M]A#GCET+ Q\'?/9/+H#9T/5=X!8!P4X9$#?S6L=)D##M;ZCPUI$6ER6^BX8

MB)3
ZR1\2%(F'LARN-?5+M;VH%=8HHV]+5NE5]D3.9IQ+O/5]OI8QLU65%T+









MAO'

OOJ8YAGY :ATL[=G.R@\[!((@[9PK:V


XVCC^@-9030F(MBZX(2&%GV9!38N$8!96E^2@(V
M=- EAW599;A$P9M@%B9Y\


_I/X1
8DKV'

M^(3HLIKQ_8QX$*W@-(8WMOA'0*GZA 8EYVK_XO6V]-?H*!RV;FCB3O3:BU




O+..@4WB:7&+BBJEA2*HA_F&K.Z\


MGK;\  A0!4 $0              @ $     8G)I9TR
#$U
3 S
YX;6Q0
M2P$% 
4     #D@B](_RT1B)L0  ! Q@  $0              @ 'E_
M8G)I9TR
#$U
3 S


#$U
3 S

M%     @ Y((O2+
U1YFA0   [Y4% !4              ( !.QP! &)R:60M
M
C Q-3$P

34Q
#
P7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M     #D@B](]%UZ3?%#   0@8 %0              @ 'RO0$ 8G)I9TR
E
#$U
3 S


