

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144519-20-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		157
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200221
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bunge LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001144519
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FATS & OILS [2070]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16625
		FILM NUMBER:		20639299
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WHITE PLAINS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		914-684-2800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WHITE PLAINS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10606
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BUNGE LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010710

















		

	


			


			
			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	
		
	
		
	
		
	


				


				


	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
Washington
December 31
(Registrant's telephone number
Common Shares
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&#160;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
If an emerging growth company
The aggregate market value of registrant's common shares held by non-affiliates
 based upon the closing price of our common shares on the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 June&#160;28
 
 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange
7
February&#160;14
 2020
141
854
 Common Shares
 par value $.01 per share
 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May&#160;21
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
Directors
 Executive Officers
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information to investors. This Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K includes forward looking statements that reflect our current expectations and projections about our future results
 performance
 prospects and opportunities. Forward looking statements include all statements that are not historical in nature. We have tried to identify these forward looking statements by using words including may, will, should, could, expect, anticipate, believe, plan, intend, estimate, continue and similar expressions. These forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks
 uncertainties
 assumptions and other factors that could cause our actual results
 performance
 prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in
 or implied by
 these forward looking statements. These factors include the risks
 uncertainties
 trends and other factors discussed under the headings Item&#160;1A. Risk Factors, as well as Item&#160;1. Business, Item&#160;7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K
global and regional economic
 agricultural
 financial and commodities market
 political
changes in governmental policies and laws affecting our business
 including agricultural and trade policies and environmental
our ability to complete
 integrate and benefit from acquisitions
 divestitures
industry conditions
 including fluctuations in supply
 demand and prices for agricultural commodities and other raw materials and products that we sell and use in our business
our capital allocation plans
our ability to achieve the efficiencies
operational risks
 including industrial accidents
In light of these risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 you should not place undue reliance on any forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K. Additional risks that we may currently deem immaterial or that are not presently known to us could also cause the forward looking events discussed in this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K not to occur. Except as otherwise required by federal securities law
 we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
References in this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K to Bunge Limited, Bunge, the Company, we, us and our refer to Bunge Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries
global oilseed processor and producer of vegetable oils and protein meals
global grain processor
seller of packaged vegetable oils worldwide
producer and seller of wheat flours
 bakery mixes and dry milled corn products in North and South America
producer of sugar and ethanol in Brazil
In May 2019
 we announced a new
 global operating model
 aligned with our commercial activities of handling and processing agricultural commodities and commodity products
 managing physical product flows
 and risk management and optimization
 thus representing a shift away from our previous regional approach. The new operating model will increase our strategic flexibility and customer focus. Additionally
 in 2019 we substantially completed our Global Competitiveness Program
As of December 31
 2019
 we continue to conduct our operations in five reportable segments: Agribusiness
 Edible Oil Products
 Milling Products
 Sugar and Bioenergy
 and Fertilizer. However
 in conjunction with the aforementioned announcement
 these reportable segments may change upon the further evolution of our new global operating model and related reporting structure. We refer to the Edible Oil Products and Milling Products segments collectively as our Food and Ingredients businesses. Key elements of our corporate strategy include enhancing our global expertise and footprint in grains and oilseeds through targeted
 capital-efficient investments and strategic partnerships
 by working with customers to develop products
 services and solutions that meet current and future needs in food and feed applications
 and through a strong focus on cost efficiency and continuous improvement. Our strategy is aligned with long-term global macroeconomic and consumer growth trends
Our Agribusiness segment is an integrated
 global business principally involved in the purchase
 storage
 transportation
 processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Our Agribusiness operations and assets are located in North and South America
 Europe and Asia-Pacific
Our Food and Ingredients businesses consist of two reportable business segments: Edible Oil Products and Milling Products. The Edible Oil Products segment includes businesses that sell vegetable oils and fats
 including cooking oils
 shortenings
 margarines
 mayonnaise and specialty ingredients. In December 2019
 we entered into an agreement to sell our Brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets to Seara Alimentos S.A. The Milling Products segment includes businesses that sell wheat flours
 bakery mixes
 corn-based products and rice. The operations and assets of our Edible Oil Products segment are primarily located in North and South America
 Europe and Asia-Pacific
In December 2019
 we contributed our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations into a joint venture with the Brazilian biofuels business of BP p.l.c. (BP). These operations formed the majority of our Sugar and Bioenergy segment through which we produced and sold sugar and ethanol derived from sugarcane
 as well as energy derived from the sugar and ethanol production process. The joint venture
 BP Bunge Bioenergia
 in which we have a 50% interest
 operates on a stand-alone basis with a total of 11 mills located across the Southeast
 North and Midwest regions of Brazil. BP Bunge Bioenergia is now the second largest operator by effective crushing capacity in the Brazilian sugarcane ethanol biofuel industry. As a result of this transaction
Our Fertilizer segment is involved in producing
 blending and distributing fertilizer products for the agricultural industry in South America
 with operations and retail distribution activities in Argentina
 Uruguay and Paraguay
Bunge Limited is a limited liability company formed under the laws of Bermuda. We are registered with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda under registration number EC20791. We trace our history back to 1818 when we were founded as a trading company in Amsterdam
 The Netherlands. We are a holding company and substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. Our principal executive offices and corporate headquarters are located at 1391 Timberlake Manor Parkway
 St. Louis
 Missouri 63017
 United States of America and our telephone number is (314)&#160;292-2000. Our registered office is located at 2 Church Street
 Hamilton
 HM 11
&#8212;Our Agribusiness segment is an integrated
 global business involved in purchasing
 storing
 transporting
 processing and selling agricultural commodities and commodity products while managing risk across various product lines. The principal agricultural commodities that we handle in this segment are oilseeds
 primarily soybeans
 rapeseed
 canola and sunflower seed
 and grains
 primarily wheat and corn. We process oilseeds into vegetable oils and protein meals
 principally for the food
 animal feed and biodiesel industries
 through a global network of facilities. Our footprint is well balanced
 with approximately 33% of our processing capacity located in South America
 27% in North&#160;America
&#8212;We sell agricultural commodities and processed commodity products to customers throughout the world. The principal purchasers of our oilseeds
 grains and oilseed meal are animal feed manufacturers
 livestock producers
 wheat and corn millers and other oilseed processors. As a result
 our agribusiness operations generally benefit from global demand for protein
 primarily poultry and pork products. The principal purchasers of the unrefined vegetable oils produced in this segment are our own Food and Ingredients businesses and third-party edible oil processing companies
 which use these oils as raw materials in the production of edible oil products for the food service
 food processor and retail markets. In addition
 we sell oil products for various non-food uses
&#8212;We have developed an extensive global logistics network to transport our products
 including trucks
 railcars
 river barges and ocean freight vessels. Typically
 we either lease the transportation assets or contract with third parties for these services. To better serve our customer base and develop our global distribution and logistics capabilities
 we own or operate either directly or through joint venture arrangements
 various port terminal facilities
 including in Brazil
 Argentina
 the United States
 Canada
 Russia
 Ukraine
 Poland
&#8212;We also offer various financial services
 principally trade structured finance and financial risk management services
 to customers and other third parties. Our trade structured finance operations leverage our international trade flows to generate trade finance derived liquidity in emerging markets for third parties. Our financial risk management services include structuring and marketing risk management products to enable agricultural producers and end users of commodities to manage commodity price risk exposures. We also engage in foreign exchange and other financial instrument trading via our financial services business. Additionally
 we provide financing services to farmers
 primarily in Brazil
&#8212;We purchase oilseeds and grains either directly from farmers or indirectly through intermediaries. Although the availability and price of agricultural commodities may
 in any given year
 be affected by unpredictable factors such as weather
 government programs and policies and farmer planting and selling decisions
&#8212;Due to their commodity nature
 markets for our products are highly competitive and subject to product substitution. Competition is principally based on price
 quality
 product and service offerings
 and geographic location. Major competitors include but are not limited to: The Archer Daniels Midland&#160;Co. (ADM)
 Cargill Incorporated (Cargill)
 Louis Dreyfus Group (Louis Dreyfus)
 Glencore International&#160;PLC
&#8212;Our Food and Ingredients businesses include two reportable business segments: Edible Oil Products and Milling Products. We primarily sell our products to three customer types or market channels: food processors
companies
 and retail outlets. The principal raw materials used in our Food and Ingredients businesses are various crude and further processed vegetable oils and fats in our Edible Oil Products segment
 as well as wheat
 corn and rice in our Milling Products segment. These raw materials are mostly agricultural commodities that we either produce or purchase from third parties. We believe that our global integrated business model enables us to realize synergies between our Agribusiness and Food and Ingredients operations through raw material procurement
 logistics
 risk management and the co-location of industrial facilities
 enabling us to supply customers with reliable
 high quality products on a global basis. As many of the products we sell in our Food and Ingredients businesses are staple foods or ingredients
 these businesses generally benefit from macro population and income growth rates. Additionally
 our Food and Ingredients businesses are focused on capitalizing on growing global consumer food trends
 including a desire for less processed
 healthier foods
 interest in new flavors
Products&#8212;Our edible oil products include packaged and bulk oils and fats
 including cooking oils
 shortenings
 margarines
 mayonnaise and other products derived from the vegetable oil refining process. We primarily use soybean
 sunflower
 rapeseed and canola oil that we produce in our Agribusiness segment oilseed processing operations as raw materials in this business. We also refine and fractionate palm oil
 palm kernel oil
 coconut oil
 and shea butter
 and blend and refine olive oil.  Additionally
 we produce specialty ingredients derived from vegetable oils
 such as lecithin
 which is used as an emulsifier in a broad range of food products. We are a leading seller of packaged vegetable oils worldwide
 based on sales. We have edible oil refining and packaging facilities in North America
 South America
 Europe
 Asia-Pacific
 and Africa. Our edible oil products business is largely business to business (B2B) focused in North America
 while in South America
In Brazil
 our retail edible oil brands include 
 the leading consumer packaged vegetable oil brand
. We are also a leading supplier of shortenings to the food processor market. We also produce processed tomato and other staple food products
 including sauces
 condiments and seasonings under several brand names. In December 2019
In the United States and Canada
 we offer food manufacturers
 bakeries
 confectionary
 and food service operators high-quality solutions to fit their goals
 such as delivering desired tastes and textures
 or reducing trans-fats or saturated fats in their products. Our products include trans-fat free high-oleic canola oil
 which is low in saturated fats
 and high-oleic soybean oil
 brand
 and produce margarines and buttery spreads
brand
 for food service
In Europe
 we are a leader in consumer packaged vegetable oils
 which are sold in various geographies under brand names including 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We are also a leader in margarines
 under brand names including 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additionally
In Asia
 we offer a range of consumer and B2B products
 including bakery
 culinary
 confectionary and infant nutrition products. In India
 our consumer brands include 
 professional bakery fats. In China
&#8212;Our customers include baked goods companies
 snack food producers
 confectioners
 restaurant chains
 food service operators
 infant nutrition companies
 and other food manufacturers who use vegetable oils and shortenings as ingredients in their operations. Other customers include grocery chains
 wholesalers
 distributors
 and other retailers who sell to consumers either under our own brand names or private labels. These customers include global and national food processors and manufacturers
&#8212;Competition is based on a number of factors
 including price
 raw material procurement
 distribution capability
 cost structure
 brand recognition
 product quality
 innovation
 technical support
 product innovation
 composition and nutritional value
 and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised
 well-known
 branded products
 as well as private label and customized products. Our principal competitors in the Edible Oil Products segment include
 but are not limited to: ADM
 AAK AB
 Cargill
 Fuji Oil Co. Ltd. and Wilmar
&#8212;Our Milling Products segment activities include the production and sale of a variety of wheat flours and bakery mixes in Brazil and Mexico
 corn-based products
 derived from both the dry and wet corn milling processes
 in the United States and Mexico
Suprema
 Soberana
 wheat flours
Espiga
 Esponja
 Francesera
 Chulita
 Our corn milling products primarily consist of dry-milled corn meals and flours
 wet-milled masa and flours
 flaking and brewer's grits
 as well as soy-fortified corn meal
 corn-soy blend
 and other similar products. As part of our corn portfolio
 we also sell whole grain and fiber ingredients. In the United States
 we offer ancient grains
 such as quinoa and millet
 in our portfolio. We also produce a range of extruded products that include die-cut pellets for the snack food industry. Additionally
 we offer non-GMO products in the United States
&#8212;The primary customers for our wheat milling products are food processing
 bakery and food service companies. The primary customers for our corn milling products are companies in the food-processing sector
 such as cereal
 snack
 bakery and brewing companies
 as well as the U.S. Government for humanitarian assistance programs. Our rice milling business sells to customers in the food service and food processing channels
&#8212;Competition is based on a variety of factors
 including price
 raw material procurement
 brand recognition
 product quality
 nutritional profile
 dietary trends and distribution capabilities. In Brazil
 our major competitors are M. Dias Branco
 J. Macedo and Moinho Anaconda
 as well as many small regional producers. Our major competitors in Mexico include Elizondo Agroalimentos
 S.A. de C.V.
 Harinera An&#225;huac
 S.A. de C.V.
 Molinera de M&#233;xico S.A. de C.V.
 and Grupo Trimex S.A. Our major competitors in North American corn milling include Cargill
 Didion Inc.
 SEMO Milling
&#160;LLC
 Life Line Foods
Prior to the formation of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture in December 2019
 consisted of eight sugarcane mills in Brazil. In our former sugar and bioenergy business
 we used sugarcane to produce sugar and ethanol
 which was supplied by a combination of our own plantations and third-party farmers. Additionally
 through cogeneration facilities at our sugarcane mills
 we produced electricity from the burning of sugarcane bagasse (the fibrous portion of the sugarcane that remains after the extraction of sugarcane juice) in boilers
 which enabled our mills to meet their energy requirements. Any surplus electricity was sold to the local grid or other large third-party users of electricity. All of these activities were assumed by our BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture. As a result of this transaction
In connection with the formation of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture
 we combined our eight mills
 the plantations we owned and managed
 and related assets
 together with BP&#8217;s sugar and bioenergy business in Brazil
 which included three mills and related assets. The mills of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture are supplied with sugarcane grown on approximately 313
000 hectares of land. In 2019
 approximately 70% of our total milled sugarcane came from our owned or managed plantations and 30% was purchased from third-party suppliers. These mills allow the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture to produce sugar
 ethanol and electricity
The BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture produces two types of sugar: very high polarity (VHP) raw sugar and crystal sugar. VHP sugar is similar to the raw sugar traded on major commodities exchanges
 including the standard NY11 contract
-BP Bunge Bioenergia produces and sells two types of ethanol: hydrous and anhydrous. Hydrous ethanol is consumed directly as a transport fuel
We expect that the sugar produced at BP Bunge Bioenergia&#8217;s mills will be sold in both the Brazilian domestic market
 primarily in the confectionary and food processing industries
 and export markets. The ethanol is expected to be sold primarily to customers for use in the Brazilian domestic market to meet the demand for fuel
 with sugar and ethanol also exported in the international market. BP Bunge Bioenergia competes with other sugar and ethanol producers both in Brazil and internationally
 and with beet sugar processors
 along with producers of other sweeteners and biofuels in the global market. Major competitors in Brazil include Cosan Limited/Raizen
 S&#227;o Martinho S.A. and Biosev (Louis Dreyfus). Major international competitors include British Sugar PLC
 S&#252;dzucker AG
 Cargill
 Tereos S.A.
 Sucden S.A.
&#8212;Through our operations in Argentina
 Uruguay and Paraguay
 we produce
 blend and distribute a range of liquid and dry NPK fertilizers
 including nitrogen-based liquid and solid phosphate fertilizers. NPK refers to nitrogen (N)
 phosphate (P) and potassium (K)
 the main components of chemical fertilizers
 used for the production of crops
 including soybeans
 corn and wheat. Our operations in Argentina
 Uruguay and Paraguay are closely linked to our grain origination activities
 as we supply fertilizer to producers that supply us with grain. In Brazil
 we operate a terminal in the Port of Santos that discharges and handles imported fertilizers and provides logistics and support services. Our Brazilian grain operations also supply farmers
 through barter agreements
&#8212;We offer a complete fertilizer portfolio
 including SSP
 ammonia
 and ammonium thiosulfate that we produce
 as well as monoammonium phosphate
 diammonium phosphate
 triple supersphosphate
 urea
 urea-ammonium nitrate
brand
&#8212;Our main raw materials in this segment are concentrated phosphate rock
 sulfuric acid
 natural gas and sulfur. The prices of fertilizer raw materials are typically based on international prices that reflect global supply and demand factors
&#8212;Competition is based on a number of factors
 including delivered price
 product offering and quality
 location
 access to raw materials
 production efficiency and customer service
 sometimes including customer financing terms. Our main competitors in our fertilizer operations in Argentina are Nutrien Ltd. (Agrium/ASP)
 YPF S.A.
 Profertil S.A.
 COFCO (Nidera B.V.)
Risk management is a fundamental aspect of our business. Engaging in the hedging of risk exposures and anticipating market developments are critical to protecting and enhancing our return on assets. As such
 we are active in derivative markets for agricultural commodities
 energy
 ocean freight
 foreign currency
In each country in which we conduct business
 our operations and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. We insure our businesses and assets in each country in a manner that we deem appropriate for a company of our size and activities
 based on an analysis of the relative risks and costs. We believe that our geographic dispersion of assets helps mitigate the risk to our business from an adverse event affecting a specific facility. However
 if we were to incur a significant loss or liability for which we were not insured in full or in part
 it could have a materially adverse effect on our business
Research and Development
 Innovation
Our research and development activities are focused on developing products and improving processes that will drive growth or otherwise add value to our core business operations. In our Food and Ingredients business
 we have 17 research and development centers globally to support product development and enhancement. Additionally
 Bunge Ventures
 our corporate venture capital unit
We own trademarks
 patents and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However
 neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark
In our Agribusiness segment
 while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials
 such as oilseeds and grains
 we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year
 since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres
 and we sell and distribute products throughout the year. However
terms of financial results due to the timing of the North and South American oilseed harvests
 as the North American harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters
 and the South American harvest peaks in the second quarter. Our North and South American grain merchandising and oilseed processing activities are
 therefore
In our Food and Ingredients businesses
In our Fertilizer segment
In each of the countries in which we operate
 we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations governing various aspects of our business
 including general business regulations as well as those governing the manufacturing
 handling
 storage
 transport
 marketing and sale of our products. These include laws and regulations relating to facility licensing and permitting
 food and feed safety
 the handling and production of regulated substances
 nutritional and labeling requirements
 global trade compliance and other matters. Our operations and those of our suppliers are also subject to restrictions on land use in certain protected areas
 forestry reserve requirements
 and limitations on water use. Additionally
 from time-to-time
 agricultural production shortfalls in certain regions
 and growing demand for agricultural commodities for feed
 food and fuel use have caused prices for relevant agricultural commodities to rise. High commodity prices and regional crop shortfalls have led
 and in the future may lead
 governments to impose price controls
 tariffs
 export restrictions and other measures designed to ensure adequate domestic supplies and/or mitigate price increases in their domestic markets
Many countries use and produce biofuels as alternatives to traditional fossil fuels. Biofuels convert crops
 such as sugarcane
 corn
 soybeans
 palm
 rapeseed or canola
 and other oilseeds
 into ethanol or biodiesel to extend
 enhance or substitute for fossil fuels. Production of biofuels has increased significantly in the last decade in response to both periods of high fossil fuel prices and to government incentives to produce biofuels offered in many countries
 including the United States
 Brazil
 Argentina and several South East Asian and European countries. Furthermore
 in several countries
 governmental authorities are mandating biofuels use in transport fuels at specified levels. As such
We incorporate sustainability into many areas of our business
 from how we plan and develop our strategic goals and operate our facilities to how we engage with our customers
 suppliers
 employees
 communities and other stakeholders. Our philosophy is to Act, Conserve and Engage and our efforts include policies and initiatives to reduce deforestation
 conserve natural resources in our operations and engage across our sector to address the sustainability challenges in the agribusiness and food value chain. We periodically communicate our progress through various disclosure platforms
 including annual sustainability reports and the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDPs)
We are subject to various environmental protection and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate
 and we incur costs to comply with these requirements. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations relating to environmental matters has not had a material financial or competitive effect on our business. However
 due to our extensive operations across multiple industries and jurisdictions globally
 we are exposed to the risk of claims and liabilities under these laws and regulations. Violation can result in substantial fines
 administrative sanctions
 criminal penalties
Additionally
 our business could be affected in the future by the regulation or taxation of greenhouse gas emissions or policies related to national emission reduction plans. We regularly assess the potential impacts to our business resulting from regulation or policies aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Potential consequences could include increased energy
 transportation and raw material costs
 and we may be required to make additional investments to modify our facilities
 equipment and processes. As a result
 the effects of additional climate change regulatory initiatives could have adverse impacts on our business and results of operations. Physical effects of climate change
 including shifts in agricultural production areas and climatic volatility
 could in the long-term result in incidents of stranded physical assets.&#160;We believe the breadth and diversification of our global asset network
 as well as our participation in the global trade of agricultural commodities
As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 we had approximately 24
000 employees and 31
000 employees
 respectively. The decrease in the number of employees is primarily related to the formation of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture in December 2019
 to which we contributed our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations. Many of our employees are represented by labor unions
 and their employment is governed by collective bargaining agreements. In general
Our website address is www.bunge.com. Through the Investors: SEC Filings section of our website
 it is possible to access our periodic report filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the Exchange Act)
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and any amendments to those reports. Also
 filings made pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act with the SEC by our executive officers
 directors and other reporting persons with respect to our common shares are made available through our website. Our periodic reports and amendments
 and the Section 16 filings
 are available through our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such report
Through the Investors: Governance section of our website (www.bunge.com)
 it is also possible to access copies of the charters for our Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee
 Finance and Risk Policy Committee
 Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee
 Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee
The foregoing information regarding our website and its content is for your convenience only. The information contained in or connected to our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this report
In addition
 the SEC maintains a website that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers
President
President
President
President
Gregory A. Heckman
is the founding partner of Flatwater Partners
 a private investment firm
 and has over 30 years of experience in the agriculture
 energy and food processing industries.&#160;He served as Chief Executive Officer of The Gavilon Group from 2008 to 2015. Prior to Gavilon
Deborah Borg
-Ms.&#160;Borg joined Bunge in November 2015. She joined Bunge from Dow Chemical
 where she served as President Dow USA
 a role in which she was responsible for regional business strategy and external relationships with customers
 government organizations and joint venture partners. She started her career at Dow in 2000 as Human Resources Manager for Australia / New Zealand and went on to hold regional and business HR roles in Asia
 Europe and North America. She also served as Global HR Director
 Marketing and Sales
 and led the Human Capital Planning and Development function for Dow focusing on talent acquisition
 retention
 diversity and development. Previously
 Ms.&#160;Borg served in HR and talent development roles with General Motors Australia. Ms. Borg serves on the Board of Directors of Schweitzer-Mauduit International
 Inc.
 a leading global performance materials company. She holds a bachelor&#8217;s degree in Business Management in Human Resources and a master&#8217;s degree in Training and Change Management from Victoria University
Aaron Buettner
Mr. Buettner has served as President
 Bunge Loders Croklaan (BLC) since May 2019
 after having started his career at Bunge in September 2015 as Vice President
 Global Oils segment. Prior to joining Bunge
 Mr. Buettner worked at Cargill for 19 years in a variety of commercial
 finance and general management leadership roles in the United States
Christos Dimopoulos
-Mr. Dimopoulos has served as President
 Global Supply Chains since May 2019. Mr. Dimopoulos joined Bunge in 2004 and served most recently as President
 Agribusiness. He joined the company in 2004 as a grain trader and subsequently held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility in the Agribusiness segment. Prior to Bunge
Pierre Mauger
-Mr.&#160;Mauger has served as Chief Transformation Officer since May 2019. He started his career at Bunge in 2013 as Chief Development Officer. Prior to joining Bunge
 Mr.&#160;Mauger was a partner at McKinsey&#160;&amp; Company
 where he led the firm's agriculture service line in Europe
 the Middle East and Africa from 2009 to 2013
 overseeing client relationships with leading global companies in the commodity processing and trading
 agrochemicals and fertilizer sectors
 as well as with governments. Prior to that
John W. Neppl
- Mr. Neppl was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2019. Mr. Neppl joined Bunge from Green Plains Inc.
 where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Green Plains
 Mr. Neppl served as chief financial officer of The Gavilon Group
 LLC
 an agriculture and energy commodities management firm with an extensive global footprint. Mr. Neppl held senior financial management positions at ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
financial officer of ConAgra Trade Group and Commercial Products division as well as assistant corporate controller.  Prior to ConAgra
 Mr. Neppl was corporate controller at Guarantee Life Companies. He began his career as an auditor with Deloitte &amp; Touche.  He is a member of the Creighton University Heider College of Business Dean&#8217;s Advisory Board
Raul Padilla
-Mr.&#160;Padilla has served as President
 Global Operations since May 2019. Previously
 Mr. Padilla was Chief Executive Officer of Bunge South America
 having served as Managing Director
 Bunge Global Agribusiness and Chief Executive Officer
 Bunge Product Lines since 2010. Prior to that
 he was Chief Executive Officer of Bunge Argentina since 1999
 having joined the company in 1997 as Commercial Director. Mr.&#160;Padilla has over 30&#160;years of experience in the oilseed processing and grain handling industries in Argentina
 beginning his career with La Plata Cereal in 1977. He has served as President of the Argentine National Oilseed Crushers Association
Joseph A. Podwika
Mr. Podwika has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since November 2019.  Mr. Podwika joined Bunge from Nutrien Ltd. where he was Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. He was previously Senior Vice President
 General Counsel and Secretary with PotashCorp
 where he was responsible for delivery of legal services and the corporate compliance program
 in addition to corporate governance processes in his role as corporate secretary. Before joining PotashCorp
 Mr. Podwika worked in the legal department of International Paper Company in Memphis
 Tennessee and was in private practice with Jaeckle
 Fleischmann &amp; Mugel in Buffalo
Robert Wagner
Mr. Wagner has served as Chief Risk Officer since June 2019. Prior to joining Bunge
 Mr. Wagner was Chief Risk Officer at Tricon International
 Ltd. with global responsibility and leadership of the company&#8217;s risk management team. Prior to Tricon
 he was Group Chief Risk Officer at COFCO Agri Ltd in Geneva
 Switzerland
 where he was responsible for leading a team to build and provide world-class risk oversight across the company&#8217;s global operations. Prior to COFCO
 he held the Chief Risk Officer position for The Gavilon Group
 LLC
 where he was member of the firm&#8217;s Executive Committee and had responsibility for both the market risk management and credit departments. Mr. Wagner earned a Bachelor of Science degree in International Business from Minnesota State University at Moorhead and a Master of Science degree in Agricultural Economics from North Dakota State University. He also holds an M.B.A. from Creighton University. He is a member of the Board of Trustees and prior Treasurer and Chair of the Finance Committee at The Brownell Talbot School in Omaha
Brian Zachman
-Mr. Zachman joined the Company in January 2019 as President of Global Risk Management.&#160;Prior to that
 Mr. Zachman held portfolio management positions focused on agricultural commodity derivatives
 most recently with Millennium Limited Partners since 2014 and prior to that with SAC Capital from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Zachman previously worked at Bunge from 1999 to 2012
 serving in a number of commercial and trading roles within Agribusiness.&#160;Prior to that
Our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. Additional risks not presently known to us
 or that we currently deem immaterial
Adverse weather conditions
 including as a result of climate change
 may adversely affect the availability
 quality and price of agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products
Adverse weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodity industry and consequently in our operating results by causing crop failures or significantly reduced harvests
 which may affect the supply and pricing of the agricultural commodities that we sell and use in our business
Severe adverse weather conditions
 such as hurricanes or severe storms
 may also result in extensive property damage
 extended business interruption
efficient transportation services. A disruption in transportation services
 as a result of weather conditions or otherwise
Additionally
 the potential physical impacts of climate change are uncertain and may vary by region. These potential effects could include changes in rainfall patterns
 water shortages
 changing sea levels
 changing storm patterns and intensities
 and changing temperature levels that could adversely impact our costs and business operations
 the location
 costs and competitiveness of global agricultural commodity production and related storage and processing facilities and the supply and demand for agricultural commodities. These effects could be material to our results of operations
We are subject to fluctuations in agricultural commodity and other raw material prices
Prices for agricultural commodities and their by-products
 including
 among others
 soybeans
 corn
 wheat
 sugar and ethanol
 like those of other commodities
 are often volatile and sensitive to local and international changes in supply and demand caused by factors outside of our control
 including farmer planting and selling decisions
 currency fluctuations
 government agriculture programs and policies
 global inventory levels
 demand for biofuels
 weather and crop conditions
Our fertilizer business may also be adversely affected by fluctuations in the prices of agricultural commodities and fertilizer raw materials that are caused by market factors beyond our control. Increases in fertilizer prices due to higher raw material costs have in the past and could in the future adversely affect demand for our fertilizer products. Additionally
 as a result of competitive conditions in our Food and Ingredients and Fertilizer segments
 we may not be able to recoup increases in raw material costs through increases in sales prices for our products
Additionally
 our operating costs and the selling prices of certain of our products are sensitive to changes in energy prices. Our industrial operations utilize significant amounts of electricity
 natural gas and coal
 and our transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. Significant increases in the cost of these items and currency fluctuations could adversely affect our operating costs and results. We also sell certain biofuel products
 such as ethanol and biodiesel
 which are closely related to
 or may be substituted for
 petroleum products. As a result
 the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of oil
 gasoline and diesel fuel. In turn
 the selling prices of the agricultural commodities and commodity products that we sell
 such as corn and vegetable oils that are used as feedstocks for biofuels
 are also sensitive to changes in the market price for biofuels
 and consequently world petroleum prices. Prices for petroleum products and biofuels are affected by market factors and government fuel policies
 over which we have no control. Lower prices for oil
 gasoline or diesel fuel could result in decreased selling prices for ethanol
 biodiesel and their raw materials
Our business is seasonal
As with any agricultural business enterprise
 our business operations are seasonal in nature. For example
 in our Agribusiness segment
 while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials
 such as oilseeds and grains
 we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres. The first quarter of the year
 however
 has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the North and South American oilseed harvests
 as the North American oilseed harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters
 while the South American harvest peaks in the second quarter. This creates price fluctuations
 which result in fluctuations in our inventories and a degree of seasonality in our gross profit. In our Fertilizer segment
 we are subject to seasonal trends based on the South American agricultural growing cycle as farmers typically purchase the bulk of their fertilizer needs in the second half of the year. In addition
 certain of our consumer food products are influenced by holidays and other annual events. Seasonality could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. In addition
 our quarterly results may vary as a result of the effects of fluctuations in commodities prices
We face significant competition in each of our businesses and we have numerous competitors
 some of which are larger
 more diversified and have greater financial resources than we have. Additionally
 in recent years we have experienced regional Agribusiness competitors entering new geographies where previously they did not compete with us
products we sell are global commodities
 the markets for our products are highly price competitive
 and in many cases also sensitive to product substitution. Additionally
 the geographic location of assets can competitively advantage or disadvantage us with respect to our competitors in certain regions. We also face competition from changing technologies and shifting industry practices
 such as increased on-farm crop storage in several regions
 which allows producers to retain commodities for extended periods and increase price pressure on purchasers such as us. To compete effectively
 we must continuously focus on improving efficiency in our production and distribution operations
 developing and offering products that meet customer needs
 optimizing our geographic presence in key markets
 and developing and maintaining appropriate market share and customer relationships. We also compete for talent in our industries
 particularly commercial personnel. Competition could cause us to lose market share and talented employees
 exit certain lines of business
 increase marketing or other expenditures
 increase our raw material costs or reduce pricing
Historically
 the market for some agricultural commodities and fertilizer products has been cyclical
 with periods of high demand and capacity utilization stimulating new plant investment and the addition of incremental processing or production capacity by industry participants to meet the demand. The timing and extent of this expansion may then produce excess supply conditions in the market
 which
 until the supply/demand balance is again restored
 negatively impacts product prices and operating results. During times of reduced market demand
shortage of
 or increasing costs for
The level of demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographic and macroeconomic conditions
 including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. A significant downturn in global economic growth
 or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions
 may lead to reduced demand for agricultural commodities and food products
Additionally
 weak global economic conditions and adverse conditions in global financial and capital markets
 including constraints on the availability of credit
 have in the past adversely affected
 and may in the future adversely affect
 the financial condition and creditworthiness of some of our customers
 suppliers and other counterparties
For example
 Brazil has experienced significant political uncertainty in recent years due to high profile political corruption scandals
 the impeachment of a former president
 and general uncertainty regarding the election of a new president that took office during 2019. Additionally
 Brazil&#8217;s economy has been slow to recover from a severe downturn in 2015 and 2016.  The depressed and uncertain economic and political environment in Brazil has adversely affected consumer confidence levels and spending
 which has led to reduced demand for products in our Food and Ingredients businesses in the country. The pace of economic improvement is uncertain
 and there can be no assurance that economic and political conditions will not continue to affect market and consumer confidence or deteriorate further in the near term. Additionally
 a slowdown in China's economy over a prolonged period could lead to reduced global demand for agricultural commodities.  For example
 in December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus surfaced in Wuhan
 China.&#160; Although cases have been confirmed in other countries
 the outbreak has been largely concentrated in China where certain businesses have suspended or terminated operations
 a portion of the population has been subject to self-imposed or mandatory quarantines and economic activity has slowed. To the extent that such economic and political conditions negatively impact consumer and business confidence and consumption patterns or volumes
We are subject to economic
We are a global business with a substantial majority of our assets and operations located outside the United States. In addition
 our business strategies may involve expanding or developing our business in emerging market regions
 including Eastern Europe
 Asia-Pacific
 the Middle East and Africa. Due to the international nature of our business
 we are exposed to various risks of international operations
inflation and hyperinflation and adverse economic effects resulting from governmental attempts to control inflation
changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation or enforcement in the countries where we operate
 such as tax laws
exchange controls or other currency restrictions and limitations on the movement of funds
sovereign risk and the risk of government intervention
 including through expropriation
 or regulation of the economy or natural resources
the requirement to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that apply to international operations
 including
 without limitation
 economic sanctions regulations
 labor laws
 import and export regulations
 anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws
challenges in maintaining an effective internal control environment with operations in multiple international locations
 including language differences
labor disruptions
 civil unrest
 significant political instability
These risks could adversely affect our operations
As a result of our international operations
 we are also exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies
 particularly the Brazilian 
and other foreign currencies affect our revenues and expenses that are denominated in local currencies
Additionally
 there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty regarding U.S. and global trade policies for companies with multinational operations like ours. In recent years
For example
the U.S. government has indicated its intent to adopt a new approach to trade policy and in some cases to renegotiate
 or potentially terminate
As we continue to operate our business globally
 our success will depend
 in part
 on the nature and extent of any such changes and how well we are able to anticipate
Agricultural commodity production and trade flows are significantly affected by government policies and regulations. Governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry
 such as taxes
 tariffs
 duties
 subsidies
 import and export restrictions
 price controls on agricultural commodities and energy policies (including biofuels mandates)
 can influence industry profitability
 the planting of certain crops versus other uses of agricultural resources
 the location and size of crop production
 whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded
 and the volume and types of imports and exports. Additionally
 regulation of financial markets and instruments in the United States and internationally may create uncertainty as these laws are adopted and implemented and may impose significant additional risks and costs that could impact our risk management practices. Further
 increases in food and fertilizer prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of our industries under antitrust and competition laws in various jurisdictions and increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted
 administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our operations or impose liabilities on us that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Future governmental policies
 regulations or actions impacting our industries may adversely affect the supply of
 demand for and prices of our products
 restrict our ability to do business in existing and target markets
Finally
 international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. For example
 a trade dispute between the U.S. and China that began in 2018 has led to both countries implementing tariffs on imported goods from the other
 including on imports of U.S. soybeans into China. This has led to significant volatility in commodity prices
 disruptions in historical trade flows and shifts in planting patterns in the U.S. and South America
 which have presented challenges and uncertainties for our business. We cannot predict the effects that future trade policy or the terms of any negotiated trade agreements and their impact on our business could have.  Additionally
 failure to resolve the trade dispute between the countries may also lead to unexpected operating difficulties in China
 enhanced regulatory scrutiny in China
 greater difficulty transferring funds
We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions
We have been an active acquirer of other companies
 and we have joint ventures with several partners. Part of our strategy involves acquisitions
 alliances and joint ventures designed to expand or optimize our portfolio of businesses.  Our ability to benefit from acquisitions
 joint ventures and alliances depends on many factors
 including our ability to identify suitable prospects
 access funding sources on acceptable terms
 negotiate favorable transaction terms and successfully consummate and integrate any businesses we acquire. In addition
 we are currently undertaking a strategic review of our businesses in order to identify opportunities to enhance shareholder value and may decide as a result of that process or otherwise
 from time to time
 to divest certain of our assets or businesses by selling them or entering into joint ventures. Our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on
 among other things
Our acquisition
 joint venture or divestiture activities may involve unanticipated delays
 costs and other problems. If we encounter unexpected problems with acquisitions
 joint ventures or divestitures
 our senior management may be required to divert attention away from other aspects of our businesses to address these problems. Additionally
 we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions
 joint ventures or divestitures
 after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources
 including management time
Acquisitions also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to actions by an acquired company and its management before the acquisition. The due diligence we conduct in connection with an acquisition
 the controls and policies we implement at acquired companies and any contractual guarantees or indemnities that we receive from the sellers of acquired companies
 may not be sufficient to protect us from
 or compensate us for
 actual liabilities. A material liability associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations and reduce the benefits of the acquisition. Additionally
 acquisitions involve other risks
 such as differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities
 systems integration risks
 the risk of impairment charges relating to goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions
 the risk of significant accounting charges and expenses resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition
 the need to fund increased capital expenditures and working capital requirements
 our ability to retain and motivate employees of acquired entities
Divestitures may also expose us to potential liabilities or claims for indemnification
 as we may be required to retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters
 including environmental or litigation matters
 associated with the assets or businesses that we sell. The magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction
 and its cost to us could ultimately exceed the proceeds we receive for the divested assets or businesses. Divestitures also have other inherent risks
 including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals)
 the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses and unexpected costs or other difficulties associated with the separation of the businesses to be sold from our information technology and other systems and management processes
 including the loss of key personnel. Additionally
Additionally
 we have several joint ventures and investments where we may have limited control over governance
 financial reporting and operations. As a result
 we face certain operating
 financial and other risks relating to these investments
 including risks related to the financial strength of our joint venture partners or their willingness to provide adequate funding for the joint venture
 having differing objectives from our partners
 the inability to implement some actions with respect to the joint venture's activities that we may believe are favorable if the joint venture partner does not agree
 compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture or our partners and the risk that we will be unable to resolve disputes with the joint venture partner. As a result
 these investments may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows. We recently entered into the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture related to our sugar and ethanol business in Brazil
 which resulted in the transfer of all assets and operations of this business into a new entity where we hold a 50% interest.  We share control with BP
 our joint venture partner
 in BP Bunge Bioenergia and
 as a result
 our ability to realize the benefits of this joint venture will depend
 in part
 on our ability to work with and cooperate with BP and the ability of the leadership of BP Bunge Bioenergia to
 among other things
 integrate the operations of our business with that of BP into one organization
 manage costs associated with such integration
 retain key employees and realize the synergies expected from the joint venture. In addition
 the business and financial performance of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture may be adversely affected if there is a significant shortage of sugarcane supply
production of ethanol and sugar
 or if there is an increase in the cost of available sugarcane
We are subject to food and feed industry risks which include
 but are not limited to
 spoilage
 contamination
 tampering or other adulteration of products
 product liability claims and recalls. We are also subject to shifts in customer and consumer preferences and concerns regarding the outbreak of disease associated with livestock and poultry
 including avian or swine influenza. Also
 increasing focus on climate change
 deforestation
 water
 animal welfare and human rights concerns and other risks associated with the global food system may lead to increased activism focusing on food companies and their suppliers
As a company whose products comprise staple food and feed products sold globally
 as well as ingredients included in trusted food brands of our customers
 maintaining a good corporate reputation is critical to our continued success. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions
 which can shift rapidly in response to negative incidents. The failure or alleged failure to maintain high standards for quality
 safety
 integrity
 environmental sustainability and social responsibility
 including with respect to raw materials and services obtained from suppliers
 even if untrue
 may result in tangible effects
 such as reduced demand for our products
 disruptions to our operations
 increased costs and loss of market share to competitors. Our reputation and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by changing consumer preferences and perceptions relating to some of the products we sell
 such as with regard to the quantity and type of fats
 sugars and grains consumed
 as well as concerns regarding genetically modified crops. Failure to anticipate
 adapt or respond effectively to these trends or issues may result in material adverse effects on our business
 financial condition
We are subject to numerous laws and regulations globally
Due to our global business operations
 we are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations in the countries where we operate. These include general business regulations
 such as with respect to taxes
 accounting
 anti-corruption and fair competition
 global trade
 trade sanctions
 product safety
 the manufacturing
 transport and sale of our products
 environmental matters and the handling and production of regulated substances. In addition to liabilities arising out of our current and future operations for which we have ongoing processes to manage compliance with regulatory obligations
 we may be subject to environmental liabilities for past operations at current facilities and in some cases to liabilities for past operations at facilities that we no longer own or operate. We may also be subject to liabilities for operations of acquired companies. Our industrial activities can also result in serious accidents that could result in personal injuries
 facility shutdowns
 reputational harm to our business and/or the expenditure of significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities. We may incur material costs or liabilities to comply with environmental
 health and safety requirements. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to fines
 penalties and other liabilities
Due to the international scope of our operations
 we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations
 including U.S. regulations issued by Customs and Border Protection
 the Bureau of Industry and Security
 the Office of Antiboycott Compliance
 the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls and Office of Foreign Assets Control
 as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. Any alleged or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny
 investigation and civil and criminal penalties
 and may limit our ability to import or export our products
 or to provide services outside the United States. Furthermore
 embargoes and sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal or civil sanctions. We cannot predict the nature
In addition
 continued government and public emphasis in countries where we operate on environmental issues
 including climate change
 conservation and natural resource management
 have resulted in and could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight or other limitations on the agricultural industry
 including increased environmental controls
 land-use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business
 reputation
 financial condition and results of operations. For example
 certain aspects of our business and the larger food production chain generate carbon emissions. The imposition of regulatory restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions
 which may include limitations on greenhouse gas emissions
 other restrictions on industrial operations
 taxes or fees on greenhouse gas emissions
 and other measures
 could affect land-use decisions
 the cost of agricultural production and the cost and means of processing and transporting our products
 which could adversely affect our business
We are exposed to credit and counterparty risk relating to our customers in the ordinary course of business. In particular
 we advance capital and provide other financing arrangements to farmers in Brazil and
 as a result
We have various credit terms with customers
 and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness
 which exposes us to the risk of non-payment or other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. In the event that we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us
 our financial condition
In Brazil
 where there have been limited third-party financing sources available to farmers
 we provide financing to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities through prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances
 which are generally intended to be short-term in nature and are typically secured by the farmer's crop and a mortgage on the farmer's land and other assets to provide a means of repayment in the potential event of crop failure or shortfall. As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 we had approximately $568&#160;million and $609&#160;million in outstanding prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances to farmers. We are exposed to the risk that the underlying crop will be insufficient to satisfy a farmer's obligation under the financing arrangements as a result of weather and crop growing conditions
 and other factors that influence the price
 supply and demand for agricultural commodities. In addition
We require significant amounts of capital to operate our business and fund capital expenditures. Our working capital needs are directly affected by the prices of agricultural commodities
 with increases in commodity prices generally causing increases in our borrowing levels. We are also required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain
 upgrade and expand our extensive network of storage facilities
 processing plants
 refineries
 mills
 logistics assets and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments
 technological advances and safety and environmental standards. Furthermore
 the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require us to have access to significant amounts of capital. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or raise sufficient external financing on attractive terms to fund these activities
 including as a result of a tightening in the global credit markets
 we may be forced to limit our operations and growth plans
 which may adversely impact our competitiveness and
 therefore
As of December 31
 2019
$4
 million of aggregate unused committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities and $4
994 million in total debt. Our debt levels could limit our ability to obtain additional financing
 limit our flexibility in planning for
 or reacting to
 changes in the markets in which we compete
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged than we are
 and require us to dedicate more cash on a relative basis to servicing our debt and less to developing our business. This may limit our ability to run our business and use our resources in the manner in which we would like. Furthermore
 difficult conditions in global credit or financial markets generally could adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt or the cost or other terms of such refinancing
 as well as adversely affect the financial position of the lenders with whom we do business
Access to credit markets and pricing of company debt is also dependent on maintaining appropriate credit ratings
 and one of our financial objectives has been to maintain an investment grade credit rating. While our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt
 reductions in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and
 depending on their severity
 could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on favorable terms
In addition
 some of our credit facilities
 interest rate derivatives and commercial agreements use LIBOR (London Inter-Bank Offered Rate) as the benchmark rate. LIBOR has recently been the subject of international reform proposals and it is expected that LIBOR will be discontinued or modified by the end of 2021. At this time
 it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments
 any discontinuance
 modification or other reforms to LIBOR
 or the establishment of alternative reference rates may have on LIBOR
 other benchmark rates or floating rate debt instruments.  While certain of our credit facilities contain LIBOR alternative provisions
Our business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity prices
 transportation costs
 energy prices
 interest rates
 and foreign currency exchange rates. We engage in hedging transactions to manage these risks. However
 our exposures may not always be fully hedged
 and our hedging strategies may not be successful in minimizing our exposure to these fluctuations. In addition
 our risk management strategies may seek to position our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements. While we have implemented a broad range of risk monitoring and control procedures and policies to mitigate potential losses
In May 2019
 we announced a new
 global operating model aligned with our commercial activities of handling and processing agricultural commodities and commodity products
 managing physical product flows
 and risk management and optimization. This organizational realignment
 could
 among other things
 require a significant investment of capital and human resources and may be costly and disruptive to our operations
 and could impose substantial demands on the time of management. The realignment may also require
 among other things
 changes in our systems
 modification of internal control procedures and training of employees or third party resources. The impact of any strategic or operational challenges we face during or as a result of the realignment could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
In addition
 we may not achieve the targeted benefits under the realignment
 or we may not achieve them within our expected timetable. Unexpected delays
 increased costs
 adverse effects on our internal control environment
 the inability to retain or motivate employees
The loss of
 or a disruption in
We are engaged in manufacturing and distribution activities on a global scale
 and our business depends on our ability to execute and monitor
 on a daily basis
 a significant number of transactions across numerous markets or geographies. As a result
 we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities
 including industrial accidents
 environmental events
 fires
 explosions
 strikes and other labor or industrial disputes
 and disruptions in logistics or information systems
 as well as natural disasters
 pandemics
 acts of terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. While we insure ourselves against many of these types of risks in accordance with industry standards
 our level of insurance may not cover all losses. The potential effects of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business
Our information technology systems
 processes and sites may suffer interruptions
We rely on certain key information technology systems
 some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties
 to provide critical data and services for internal and external users
 including procurement and inventory management
 transaction processing
 financial
 commercial and operational data
 human resources management
 legal and tax compliance
 and other information and processes necessary to operate and manage our business. Increased social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime
 including advanced persistent threats
 pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems
 networks and services. Our information technology and infrastructure may experience attacks by hackers
 breaches or other failures or disruptions that could compromise our systems and the information stored there. While we have implemented security measures and disaster recovery plans designed to protect the security and continuity of our networks and critical systems
 these measures may not adequately prevent adverse events such as breaches or failures from occurring
 or mitigate their severity if they do occur. If our information technology systems are breached
 damaged or fail to function properly due to any number of causes
 such as security breaches or cyber-based attacks
 systems implementation difficulties
 catastrophic events or power outages
 and our security
recovery
 or other risk mitigation plans do not effectively mitigate these occurrences on a timely basis
 we may experience a material disruption in our ability to manage our business operations and produce financial reports
 as well as significant costs and lost business opportunities until they are remediated. We may also be subject to legal claims or proceedings
 liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information
 potential regulatory penalties and damage to our reputation. These impacts may adversely impact our business
 results of operations and financial condition
We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income taxes in various jurisdictions throughout the world. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes
 along with interest and penalties. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits and assessments in order to assess the appropriateness of our tax assets and liabilities. However
 the calculation of such liabilities involves significant judgment in the interpretation of complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions. Therefore
Additionally
 changes in tax laws could materially impact our effective tax rate and the monetization of recoverable tax assets (indirect tax credits). Furthermore
 the ongoing efforts in corporate tax transparency by the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and a number of countries has resulted in additional mandatory disclosures
We are a Bermuda company
We are a Bermuda exempted company. As a result
 the rights of holders of our common shares will be governed by Bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws. The rights of shareholders under Bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies or corporations incorporated in other jurisdictions
 including the United States. Several of our directors and some of our officers are non-residents of the United States
 and a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those directors and officers are located outside the United States. As a result
 it may be difficult to effect service of process on those persons in the United States or to enforce in the U.S. judgments obtained in U.S. courts against us or those persons based on civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws. It is doubtful whether courts in Bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions
 including the United States
Our bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of action
 both individually and on our behalf
 against any of our officers or directors. The waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director
 or the failure of an officer or director to take any action
 in the performance of his or her duties
 except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director. This waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against our officers and directors unless the act
 or failure to act
our Board of Directors to determine the powers
an affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution for some business combination transactions
These provisions
 as well as any additional anti-takeover measures our Board of Directors could adopt in the future
 could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us
 even if the third party's offer may be considered beneficial by many shareholders. As a result
December&#160;31
155
16
730
94
2
337
2
838
In December 2019
 we contributed our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations forming the majority of our Sugar and Bioenergy segment into BP Bunge Bioenergia
 a joint venture with the Brazilian biofuels business of BP p.l.c. As a result of this transaction
82
6
485
76
9
798
62
2
588
30
1
034
In our Agribusiness segment
 commodity storage facilities globally
 merchandising
 distribution
In our Food and Ingredients businesses
 refining
 commodity storage facilities globally that are located close to food and ingredient locations. In addition
 to facilitate distribution in Brazil
In December 2019
 we transferred our eight sugarcane mills
 all of which are located in Brazil
 to BP Bunge Bioenergia
In our Fertilizer segment
Our corporate headquarters located in St. Louis
 Missouri
 occupies approximately 150
We are subject to various legal proceedings and risks globally in the course of our business
 including claims
 suits
 and government investigations or proceedings involving competition
 tax
 labor and employment
 environmental
 commercial disputes
 and other matters. Although we cannot accurately predict the amount of any liability that may ultimately arise with respect to any of these matters
 we make provisions for potential liabilities when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. These provisions are based on current information and legal advice and are adjusted from time to time according to developments. We do not expect the outcome of these proceedings
 net of established reserves
 to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. However
 due to their inherent uncertainty
 there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of current or future litigation
 proceedings
 investigations or claims and it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in judgments
 awards
 fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business
 consolidated financial position
 results of operations
For a discussion of certain legal and tax matters relating to Argentina and Brazil
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
To our knowledge
 based on information provided by Computershare Investor Services&#160;LLC
 our transfer agent
December&#160;31
 2019
141
813
 common shares outstanding
We have historically paid and expect to continue to pay cash dividends to holders of our common shares on a quarterly basis. In addition
 holders of our 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares are entitled to annual dividends per share in the amount of $4.875 per year payable quarterly
 when
with the terms of those shares. Any future determination to pay dividends will
 subject to the provisions of Bermuda law
 be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon then existing conditions
 including our financial condition
 results of operations
 contractual and other relevant legal or regulatory restrictions
 capital requirements
Under Bermuda law
 a company's board of directors may not declare or pay dividends from time to time if there are reasonable grounds for believing that the company is
 or would after the payment be
 unable to pay its liabilities as they become due or that the realizable value of its assets would thereby be less than its liabilities. Under our bye-laws
 each common share is entitled to dividends if
 as and when dividends are declared by our Board of Directors
We paid quarterly dividends on our common shares of $0.50 per share in each of the four quarters of 2019.  We paid quarterly dividends on our common shares of $0.46 per share in each of the first two quarters of 2018 and $0.50 per share in each of the last two quarters of 2018. On December 13
 2019
 we declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.50 per share payable on March&#160;2
 2020 to shareholders of record on February&#160;17
The following table sets forth certain information
December&#160;31
 2019
Options
Options
7
505
1
502
Includes our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan
 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 Equity Incentive Plan
5
727
 common shares
 performance-based restricted stock unit awards as to 794
395 common shares
 and vested and deferred restricted stock units outstanding (including dividend equivalents payable in common shares) as to 1
956 common shares
 as well as 982
Calculated based on non-statutory stock options outstanding under our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. This number excludes outstanding time-based restricted stock unit
Includes dividend equivalents payable in common shares. Shares available under our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan may be used for any type of award authorized under the plan. Awards under the plan may be in the form of statutory or non-statutory stock options
5
800
000
120
000
The performance graph shown below compares the quarterly change in cumulative total shareholder return on our common shares with the Standard&#160;&amp; Poor's (S&amp;P) 500 Stock Index and the S&amp;P Food Products Index from December&#160;31
December&#160;31
In May 2015
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 were 4
707
440 shares for $300&#160;million. Bunge completed the previous program of $975&#160;million during the first quarter of 2015 with the repurchase of 2
460
Any repurchases may be made from time to time through a variety of means
 including in the open market
 in privately negotiated transactions or through other means as determined by us
 and in compliance with applicable legal requirements. The timing and number of any shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors
 including share price and market conditions
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 
Year Ended December&#160;31
41
45
45
42
43
(40
(43
(44
(40
(40
2
1
2
2
Selling
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
Gain (loss)
 net on disposal of affiliate investments
(1
1
(1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
(1
(1
(1
Year ended December&#160;31
(US$
141
492
140
968
140
365
139
845
143
671
141
492
141
703
141
265
148
226
152
238
December&#160;31
5
5
5
4
4
3
3
4
3
3
18
19
18
19
17
Short-term debt
1
1
1
1
3
4
4
3
2
5
5
5
5
5
6
6
7
7
6
Year ended December&#160;31
$3
934 million
$4
532 million
$4
056 million
$3
$3
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 
 
 respectively. Readily marketable inventories are agricultural commodity inventories
 such as soybeans
 soybean meal
 soybean oil
 corn and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics
6
899
 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares outstanding. Each cumulative convertible preference share has an initial liquidation preference of $100 per share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends up to a maximum of an additional $25 per share. As a result of adjustments made to the initial conversion price because cash dividends paid on Bunge Limited's common shares exceeded certain specified thresholds
 each cumulative convertible preference share is convertible
 at the holder's option
 at any time
8
434
 Bunge Limited common shares)
In December 2019
 we contributed our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations
 which formed the majority of our Sugar and Bioenergy segment
 into BP Bunge Bioenergia
 a joint venture with the Brazilian biofuels business of BP p.l.c. As a result of this transaction
Bunge Limited
 a Bermuda company
 together with its subsidiaries
 is a leading global agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm to consumer foods. The commodity nature of the Company's principal products
 as well as regional and global supply and demand variations that occur as an inherent part of the business
 make volumes an important operating measure. Accordingly
In the Agribusiness segment
 we purchase
 store
 transport
 process and sell agricultural commodities and commodity products. Profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and market prices of agricultural commodities and processed commodity products and the availability and costs of energy
 transportation and logistics services. Profitability in our oilseed processing operations is also impacted by volumes procured
 processed and sold and by capacity utilization rates. Availability of agricultural commodities is affected by many factors
 including weather
 farmer planting and selling decisions
 plant diseases
 governmental policies
 and agricultural sector economic conditions. Reported volumes in this segment primarily reflect (i) grains and oilseeds originated from farmers
 cooperatives or other aggregators and from which origination margins are earned; (ii) oilseeds processed in our oilseed processing facilities and from which crushing margins are earned
 representing the margin from the industrial separation of the oilseed into its protein meal and vegetable oil components
 both of which are separate commodity products; and (iii) third party sales of grains
 oilseeds and related commodity products merchandised through our distribution businesses and from which distribution margins are earned. The foregoing subsegment volumes may overlap as they produce separate margin capture opportunities. For example
South American grain origination activities may be processed in our oilseed processing facilities in Asia-Pacific and will be reflected at both points within the segment. As such
 these reported volumes do not represent solely volumes of net sales to third-parties
 but rather where margin is earned
Demand for our purchased and processed Agribusiness products is affected by many factors
 including global and regional economic conditions
 changes in per capita income
 the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit
 worldwide consumption of food products
 particularly pork and poultry
 population growth rates
 relative prices of substitute agricultural products
 outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry
We expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our Agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. We also expect that
 from time to time
 imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions
 which impacts our decisions regarding whether
 when and where to purchase
 store
 transport
 process or sell these commodities
Additionally
 price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital
 such as inventories
 accounts receivable and borrowings over the course of a given year. For example
In the Food and Ingredients businesses
 which consist of our Edible Oil Products and Milling Products segments
 our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials
 such as crude vegetable oils and grains
 the mix of products that we sell
 changes in consumer eating habits
 changes in per capita income
 consumer purchasing power levels
 availability of credit to customers
 governmental dietary guidelines and policies
the general competitive environment in our markets. Raw material inputs to our production processes in the Edible Oil Products and Milling Products segments are largely sourced at market prices from our Agribusiness segment. Reported volumes in these segments reflect third-party sales of our finished products and
 as such
 include the sales of products derived from raw materials sourced from the Agribusiness segment as well as from third-parties. The unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials
Prior to the formation of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture in December 2019
 our bioenergy and sugarcane ethanol business in Brazil consisted of eight sugarcane mills in Brazil.  In our former bioenergy and sugarcane ethanol business
 we used sugarcane to produce sugar and ethanol
 which was supplied by a combination of our own plantations and third-party farmers.  Additionally
 through cogeneration facilities at our sugarcane mills
 we produced electricity from the burning of sugarcane bagasse (the fibrous portion of the sugarcane that remains after the extraction of sugarcane juice) in boilers
 which enabled our mills to meet their energy requirements.  Any surplus electricity was sold to the local grid or other large third-party users of electricity.  All of these activities were assumed by our BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture.  Following the formation of the joint venture
Profitability in this segment is affected by the profitability of the joint venture and
 therefore the value of our investment and the amount and timing of distributions we receive
 if any. In turn
 the profitability of the joint venture is affected by the availability and quality of sugarcane
 which impacts capacity utilization rates and the amount of sugar that can be extracted from the sugarcane
 and by market prices of sugar and ethanol. The availability and quality of sugarcane is affected by many factors
 including weather
 geographical factors such as soil quality and topography
 and agricultural practices. Once planted
 sugarcane may be harvested for several continuous years
 but the yield decreases with each subsequent harvest. As a result
 the current optimum economic cycle is generally five to seven consecutive harvests
 depending on location. The joint venture owns and/or has partnership agreements to manage farmland on which it grows and harvests sugarcane
 and also purchases sugarcane from third parties. Prices of sugarcane in Brazil are established by Consecana
 the state of S&#227;o Paulo sugarcane
 sugar and ethanol council
 and are based on the sucrose content of the cane and the market prices of sugar and ethanol. Demand for the joint venture's products is affected by such factors as changes in global or regional economic conditions
 the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit
 worldwide consumption of food products
 population growth rates
 changes in per capita income and demand for and governmental support of renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities
In the Fertilizer segment
 demand for our products is affected by the profitability of the agricultural sectors we serve
 the availability of credit to farmers
 agricultural commodity prices
 the types of crops planted
 the number of acres planted
 the quality of the land under cultivation and weather-related issues affecting the success of the harvests. Our profitability is impacted by international selling prices for fertilizers and fertilizer raw materials
 such as phosphate
 sulfur
 ammonia and urea
 ocean freight rates and other import costs
South America
 primarily Argentina
 our results in this segment are typically seasonal
In addition to these industry related factors which impact our business areas
Due to the global nature of our operations
 our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. Both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results.  On a monthly basis
 for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the U.S. dollar
 subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. As a result
Additionally
of the balance sheet date
 with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and
 therefore
We primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. Intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result
 any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. In contrast
As a Bermuda exempted company
 we are not subject to income taxes on income in our jurisdiction of incorporation.&#160; However
 our subsidiaries
 which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions
 are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 35%. The jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are Brazil
 the United States
 Argentina and Bermuda. Determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate
Total segment earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) is an operating performance measure used by Bunge's management to evaluate segment operating activities. Bunge's management believes total segment EBIT is a useful measure of operating profitability
 since the measure allows for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to its financing methods or capital structure. In addition
 EBIT is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in Bunge's industries. Total Segment EBIT is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure and is not intended to replace net income attributable to Bunge
For the year ended December 31
 2019
$1
$1
$1
721 million
 predominantly in Sugar and Bioenergy
$1
 associated with the sale of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations
 in Edible Oils Products
 due to a $108 million goodwill impairment charge
 and in Agribusiness
 primarily from lower results in our oilseed processing
 grain origination
 in 2019
 in 2018.&#160;The effective tax rate for 2019 was adversely impacted primarily due to non-deductible losses related to the deconsolidation of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations
 partially offset by a favorable earnings mix. The higher effective tax rate for 2018 was primarily due to an unfavorable earnings mix
$1
 associated with the sale of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations
 a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million associated with our 2018 acquisition of IOI Loders Croklaan (Loders)
 $42 million of severance
 employee benefit and other program costs related to our Global Competitiveness Program (&#8220;GCP&#8221;)
 $4 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to other industrial initiatives
 $5 million of restructuring charges in our Brazilian industrial sugar operations
 and $38 million of indirect tax charges in Brazil. In addition
 EBIT included $159 million of asset impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives
 and a $22 million impairment charge associated with the relocation of our global headquarters. EBIT also included a $6 million loss on the sale of an equity investment
 $6 million of integration fees
 an $11 million write-off of a tax indemnification asset associated with the reversal of an uncertain tax position recorded in a previous year
 a $19 million gain on the sale of assets
 included $51 million of severance
 employee benefit and other program costs related to the GCP
 $9 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to other industrial initiatives
 $10 million of restructuring charges in our Brazilian industrial sugar operations
 and $10 million of indirect tax credits in Brazil. In addition
 EBIT included $10 million of impairment charges related to European port assets
 $29 million of losses on the disposition of equity interests in Brazil and Asia
 $19 million of acquisition fees
 and a $24 million loss on the extinguishment of debt.
 from 
 primarily due to lower results in our oilseed processing
 grain origination
 and grain trading and distribution businesses
 driven by lower volumes and margins in most regions
 as well as impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives. These negative impacts were partially offset by better results in our ocean freight and financial services businesses
 as well as lower SG&amp;A expenses and foreign currency losses.
 primarily due to a goodwill impairment charge related to the 2018 acquisition of Loders
 partially offset by higher volumes and margins in the U.S. and Europe
 and higher volumes and margins associated with a more favorable product mix in Argentina.  
 driven by lower volumes and margins in Brazil and Mexico
$1
$1
623 million
 primarily due to $1
673 million in charges associated with the contribution of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our newly formed joint venture
 BP Bunge Bioenergia
 in December 2019.
 primarily due to higher sales volumes
 lower overall expenses
Bunge has five reportable segments; Agribusiness
 Edible Oil Products
 Milling Products
 Sugar and Bioenergy
 and Fertilizer
 which are organized based upon similarities in their economic characteristics
 products and services offered
 production processes
 types and classes of customer served
 and distribution methods. The Agribusiness segment is characterized by both inputs and outputs being agricultural commodities
 and thus high volume and low margin. The Edible Oil Products segment involves the manufacturing and marketing of products derived from vegetable oils. The Milling Products segment involves the manufacturing and marketing of products derived primarily from wheat and corn. The Sugar and Bioenergy segment primarily comprises our investment in BP Bunge Bioenergia
 a joint venture formed in December 2019 that combined Bunge's Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations
 through which we produced and sold sugar and ethanol derived from sugarcane
 as well as energy derived from the sugar and ethanol production process
Year Ended December&#160;31
139
146
142
9
9
7
4
4
4
3
6
9
1
1
1
28
32
31
9
9
8
1
1
1
1
2
4
41
45
45
(27
(30
(30
(8
(8
(7
(1
(1
(1
(2
(2
(3
(40
(43
(44
1
1
(1
2
1
Selling
(1
(1
(1
Year Ended December 31
Gain (loss)
(1
Depreciation
(1
In December 2019
 we contributed our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations forming the majority of our Sugar and Bioenergy segment into the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture.  As a result of this transaction
 as of December 2019
segment EBIT is a non-U.S.&#160;GAAP financial measure and is not intended to replace net income attributable to Bunge
 the most directly comparable U.S.&#160;GAAP financial measure. Bunge's management believes segment EBIT is a useful measure of its segments' operating profitability
 since the measure allows for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to its financing methods or capital structure. In addition
December&#160;31
(1
(Income) loss from discontinued operations
December&#160;31
 2019
$1
$1
280 million
$1
628 million
 predominantly in Sugar and Bioenergy
$1
 in charges associated with the sale of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations
 in Edible Oils Products
 due to a $108 million goodwill impairment charge
 and in Agribusiness
December&#160;31
 2019
 for 2018.&#160;The effective tax rate in 2019 was adversely impacted by non-deductible losses related to the deconsolidation of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations
 partially offset by a favorable earnings mix. The higher effective tax rate for 2018 was primarily due to an unfavorable earnings mix
 coupled with an income tax charge of $48 million for valuation allowances established in Brazil and China.
. The decrease was primarily due to lower sales volumes in our grain origination
 trading and distribution businesses
 associated with lower supply in North America
 due to adverse weather conditions and the ongoing US-China trade dispute
 and lower farmer selling in Brazil through much of the year. Additionally
 net sales decreased due to lower average sales prices in our oilseed businesses
 following increased global soybean meal availability
 due to increased Argentinian supply compared to last year&#8217;s drought and limited harvest
 coupled with lower Chinese demand as a result of the African Swine Fever outbreak.
 primarily related to lower sales volumes and purchase prices in our grain origination
 trading and distribution businesses
 coupled with lower purchase prices and improved trading results in our oilseed businesses. These impacts were partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market in our oilseed processing business compared to the prior year
$1
092 million
$1
. The decrease was primarily due to lower oilseed processing results
 including unfavorable mark-to-market compared to the prior year
 and lower results in our grain origination
 trading and distribution businesses
 driven by lower volumes and margins in most regions
 as well as approximately $87 million of PP&amp;E impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives.  These negative impacts were partially offset by better results in our oilseed trading and distribution business
 higher results in our ocean freight business
 and better results in our financial services businesses.
 last year.  The decrease was mainly due to savings from actions associated with the GCP
 as well as lower charges recognized in connection with the execution of the GCP itself
 in addition to the depreciation of the Brazilian 
 compared to losses of 
.  The increase was primarily due to higher income earned from financial services activities and improved results from our soy crush investments in South America.  Additionally
 2018 results included the loss on sale of an equity investment.
.  The decrease was primarily due to lower profits in our oilseed processing business
 including an unfavorable mark-to-market impact on forward contracts compared to the prior year
 as well as lower profits in our grain origination
 trading and distribution businesses
 partially offset by higher results in our ocean freight business
 better results in our financial services businesses
 lower SG&amp;A expenses
 and lower foreign exchange losses.
. Increased sales volumes driven by our acquisition of Loders on March 1
 2018
 were offset by lower prices in the U.S.
 Europe
 and Brazil.
 which is substantially in line with net sales noted above.  The increase caused by $30 million of impairment charges related to PP&amp;E at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives and $26 million of indirect tax charges was offset by lower sales prices in the U.S.
 Europe
 and Brazil.
. The increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes in the U.S. and Europe
 in the same period a year ago.  The increase was driven by a full year ownership of Loders
 as well as impairment charges related to the relocation of our global headquarters and a distribution center in Brazil
 against the U.S. dollar
 and from savings associated with the GCP.
. The decrease was primarily due to the aforementioned goodwill and other impairment charges
 partially offset by higher gross profit in the U.S.
 Europe
$1
739 million
$1
. The increase was primarily driven by higher sales prices for wheat products in Brazil
 the acquisition of two corn mills in the U.S. (Minsa) during the first quarter of 2018
$1
578 million
$1
. The increase was primarily due to higher raw material costs in Brazil
 higher raw material costs in our U.S. rice milling business
 impairment charges associated with various portfolio rationalization initiatives
 as well as additional costs associated with the acquisition of Minsa. These increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes in Mexico.
. The decrease was primarily associated with lower margins in Brazil
 lower volumes in Mexico
 and the impairment charges noted above.
against the U.S. dollar.  Additionally
 2018 was impacted by acquisition costs related to Minsa.
. The decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit in Brazil and Mexico
 as well as impairment charges associated with certain portfolio rationalization initiatives
 partially offset by a gain on the sale of wheat milling assets in Brazil
 an arbitration settlement gain
$1
288 million
$2
 decrease in sales was primarily due to the exiting of our international trading and merchandising business in 2018
 as well as lower global sugar sales volumes and prices
 partially offset by higher ethanol sales volumes and prices in Brazil. Additionally
 in December 2019 we contributed our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our newly formed joint venture
$2
691 million
$2
. The increase was primarily due to charges of $1
$1
403 million
 compared to a loss of 
 primarily associated with lower sales and higher costs of goods sold
 including the above mentioned charges associated with the contribution of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our newly formed joint venture
 BP Bunge Bioenergia.
 from 
 primarily associated with the exiting of our international trading and merchandising business
 lower bad debt expenses
 savings and lower costs associated with the GCP
 against the U.S. dollar
 as well as the contribution of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations in December 2019 to our newly formed joint venture
 BP Bunge Bioenergia.
. Foreign exchange losses in 2019 were primarily associated with intercompany loans related to our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations that were classified as held for sale in the third quarter of 2019. Previously
 these loans were classified as permanently invested and any related foreign exchange impact was recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss). However
 upon classification of our sugar and bioenergy operations as held for sale
 such loans could no longer be determined to be permanently invested. As such
 any foreign exchange impact was recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of income.
$1
623 million
$1
 in charges associated with the contribution of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our newly formed joint-venture
 BP Bunge Bioenergia
 as discussed above.
 compared to 
.  The increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes.  Additionally
 2018 costs were impacted by unfavorable foreign currency movements.
 were flat
 compared to a loss of 
.  The increase was primarily due to higher gross profit
 lower overall expenses
 and favorable foreign exchange results.
.  Results in 2019 relate to our corporate venture capital unit activities
December&#160;31
. Average debt balances were lower in 2019 than in 2018
 however
 total interest expense remained flat due to the overall debt mix.
 which was mainly comprised of a gain on the final settlement from the liquidation of an entity in 2004
 foreign exchange gains due to the depreciation of the Brazilian 
 and the recovery of bad debt provisions
&#8212; For the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 net income attributable to Bunge increased by $107 million to $267 million from $160 million in 2017. This increase resulted primarily from higher total segment EBIT of $301 million
 particularly in Agribusiness
&#8212; In the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 income tax expense was $179 million compared to income tax expense of $56 million in 2017. The effective tax rate for 2018 was 39% compared to 24% for 2017.&#160;The higher effective tax rate for 2018 was primarily due to unfavorable earnings mix
&#8212; Agribusiness segment net sales increased by 1% to $32.2 billion in 2018
 compared to $31.7 billion in 2017
 mostly aligned with the overall volume increase of 2% year over year.  Higher volumes and prices in our oilseed and grain trading and distribution businesses
 mainly in Europe and Asia
 and in our oilseed processing activities in Europe
 Asia
 and the U.S. were partially offset by lower prices in our grain origination businesses in the U.S. resulting from an international trade dispute between the U.S. and China
 and lower volumes in our oilseed processing activities in Argentina
Cost of goods sold in 2018 was relatively flat compared to 2017
 with decreases
 primarily in our South American and U.S. grain origination businesses
 mainly due to lower average prices
 and oilseed processing businesses in Argentina
 mainly due to lower volumes
 being offset by higher costs in our grain and oilseed trading and distribution business
Gross profit increased to $1
434 million in 2018
 from $933 million in 2017.  The increase was mainly due to higher soy crush margins in all regions primarily driven by strong global soymeal demand
SG&amp;A expenses decreased $65 million to $740 million in 2018
 against the U.S. dollar.  SG&amp;A expenses in 2017 also included $17 million of credit reserves in Brazil
 $7 million of impairment charges
 primarily of intangible assets related to patents
Foreign exchange results in 2018 were losses of $104 million
Other income (expenses) - net was income of $79 million in 2018
Segment EBIT increased by $389 million in 2018 to $645 million
 from $256 million in 2017.  The increase was mainly due to higher soy crush margins
&#8212; Edible oil products segment net sales increased by 14% in 2018 to $9.1 billion
 compared to $8.0 billion in 2017
 resulting primarily from a 17% increase in volumes
Cost of goods sold in 2018 increased 14% compared to 2017
 which is in line with the increase in net sales noted above
Gross profit in 2018 increased to $554 million compared to $499 million in 2017. The increase was primarily due to the contribution to results by Loders and higher volumes and improved margins for margarine in Europe
SG&amp;A expenses increased by 14% to $412 million in 2018 compared with $361 million in the same period a year ago.  The increase was primarily related to the acquisition of Loders
Segment EBIT decreased to $122 million in 2018
&#8212; Milling products segment net sales increased 7% to $1
691 million in 2018 compared to $1
575 million in 2017.  The increase was due to higher volumes in Brazil and Mexico driven by increased demand in various market segments
 and higher prices in Mexico
Cost of goods sold in 2018 increased 7% to $1
464 million compared to $1
366 million in 2017
 which is in line with the increase in net sales noted above and primarily driven by the acquisition of Minsa USA
Gross profit increased by 9% to $227 million in 2018
SG&amp;A expenses were essentially flat with $136 million in 2018 compared to $138 million in 2017
&#8212; Sugar and Bioenergy segment net sales decreased to $2
257 million in 2018 compared to $4
054 million in 2017.  The 44% decrease in sales was driven by lower sales volumes primarily in trading and merchandising resulting from exiting our international trading and merchandising business and lower global prices of sugar.  Our sugarcane milling volumes and yields were negatively impacted by drought conditions during the first half of the year
Cost of goods sold decreased by 42% to $2
276 million in 2018 compared to $3
955 million in 2017
 which is substantially in line with the decrease in net sales. 2018 results also included $10 million of restructuring charges compared to $22 million of restructuring charges in 2017 related to our industrial operations
 as well as $3 million in indirect tax credits in 2018
Gross profit was a loss of $19 million in 2018
 compared to income of $99 million in 2017
 primarily in our sugarcane milling operations
 due to lower sugar sales volumes and a decrease in sugar prices and margins globally
SG&amp;A expenses decreased by $2 million to $112 million in 2018 from $114 million in 2017
 against the U.S. dollar
Other income (expenses) - net was income of $4 million in 2018
 compared to expense of $4 million in 2017
Segment EBIT decreased to a loss of $135 million in 2018 from a loss of $12 million in 2017
 primarily due to lower volumes
 global sugar prices and margins
&#8212; Fertilizer segment net sales increased to $460 million in 2018
 compared to $406 million in 2017
 primarily due to higher international fertilizer prices
higher costs of imported fertilizer inventories
 partially offset by the impact of industrial cost reduction initiatives. Cost of goods sold in 2018 included $1 million of severance and other employee benefit costs
Gross profit increased by $45 million to $70 million in 2018
 from $25 million in 2017. The increase was primarily due to higher margins in Argentina
&#8212; Other segment EBIT (loss) of $24 million in 2018 relates to a loss on extinguishment of debt
Long-Term Debt and Credit Facilities
Year Ended December&#160;31
Interest income decreased by $7 million to $31 million in 2018 compared to $38 million in 2017
 primarily related to lower outstanding balances and lower interest rates
 primarily in Brazil. Interest expense increased $76 million to $339 million in 2018 from $263 million in 2017
 primarily due to higher average debt balances associated with funding the Loders acquisition and higher working capital needs
&#8212; Income from discontinued operations (retail fertilizer business in Brazil) in 2018 was $10 million
 compared to nil in 2017. The income for 2018 was mainly comprised of a gain on the final settlement from the liquidation of an entity in 2004
 foreign exchange gains due to the depreciation of the Brazilian 
 and the recovery of bad debt provisions
Our main financial objectives are to prudently manage financial risks
 ensure consistent access to liquidity and minimize cost of capital in order to efficiently finance our business and maintain balance sheet strength. We generally finance our ongoing operations with cash flows generated from operations
 issuance of commercial paper
 borrowings under various bilateral and syndicated revolving credit facilities
Our current ratio
 which is a widely used measure of liquidity and is defined as current assets divided by current liabilities
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. Cash balances are managed in accordance with our investment policy
 the objectives of which are to preserve the principal value of our cash assets
&#8212;RMI are agricultural commodity inventories
 such as soybeans
 soybean meal
 soybean oil
 corn
 and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics
$3
$4
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
Inventories
&#8212;We conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the company efficient access to debt and capital markets. This structure includes a master trust
 the primary assets of which consist of intercompany loans made to Bunge Limited and its subsidiaries. Certain of Bunge Limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries
 Bunge Limited Finance Corp.
 Bunge Finance Europe&#160;B.V. and Bunge Asset Funding&#160;Corp.
 fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties
 including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities
 as well as the issuance of senior notes. Borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full
December&#160;31
 2019
$4
 of aggregate committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities
$4
December 31
December 31
December 31
3
4
Borrowings under the revolving credit facilities that have maturities greater than one year from the date of the consolidated balance sheets are classified as long-term debt
 consistent with the long-term maturity of the underlying facilities. However
 individual borrowings under the revolving credit facilities are generally short-term in nature
On December 16
 2019
 we entered into an amendment and restatement agreement (the &#8220;Amendment and Restatement Agreement&#8221;) which amends and extends our unsecured $1.75 billion revolving credit facility we entered into on December 12
 2017 (as amended by the Amendment and Restatement Agreement
 the &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;)
 adding a sustainability-linked mechanism to the facility. Through the sustainability-linked mechanism
 the interest rate under the Revolving Credit Facility is tied to five sustainability performance targets that highlight and measure the continued advancement of our sustainability initiatives across the following three areas: 1) reducing greenhouse gas emissions by improving industrial efficiency; 2) increasing traceability for main agricultural commodities; and 3) supporting increasing levels of adoption of sustainable practices across the wider soybean and palm supply chain.  We may from time to time
 with the consent of the agent
 request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments in an amount not to exceed $250 million pursuant to an accordion provision set forth in the Revolving Credit Facility. Pursuant to the Amendment and Restatement Agreement
 the Revolving Credit Facility will mature on December 12
 2022. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin
 which will vary from 0.30% to 1.30%
 based on the senior long-term unsecured debt ratings provided by Moody&#8217;s Investors Services Inc. and S&amp;P Global Ratings.  Amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly in arrears at a rate of 35% of the margin specified above
 which will vary based on the rating level at each such quarterly payment date. We also will pay a fee that will vary from 0.10% to 0.40% based on our utilization of the Revolving Credit Facility. We had no borrowings outstanding at December 31
 2019
We had no borrowings outstanding at December 31
 2019 under our unsecured $1
100 million five-year syndicated revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) with certain lenders party thereto maturing December 14
 2023. We have the option to request an extension of the maturity date of the Credit Agreement for two additional one-year periods
 subject to the consent of the lenders. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin
 which will vary from 1.00% to 1.625%
 based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt (Rating Level). Amounts under the Credit Agreement that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee at rates ranging from 0.09% to 0.225%
 varying based on the Rating Level. We may
 from time to time
We had no borrowings outstanding at December 31
 2019 under our unsecured $865 million revolving credit facility
 maturing September&#160;6
 2022 (the 2022 Facility). Borrowings under the 2022 Facility bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin
 which will vary from 1.00% to 1.75% per annum
 based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt. Amounts under the 2022 Facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly based on the average undrawn portion of the 2022 Facility at rates ranging from 0.125% to 0.275%
Our commercial paper program is supported by committed back-up bank credit lines (the &#8216;&#8216;Liquidity Facility&#8217;&#8217;) equal to the amount of the commercial paper program provided by lending institutions that are required to be rated at least A-1 by Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s and P-1 by Moody&#8217;s Investor Services. The cost of borrowing under the Liquidity Facility would typically be higher than the cost of issuance under our commercial paper program.  At December 31
 2019
In November 2019
 the $700 million
 5-year revolving credit facility
 maturing on May 1
 2023 was converted into a term loan and then subsequently transferred to the recently formed joint venture
 BP Bunge Bioenergia
In addition to committed credit facilities
 from time to time
 through our financing subsidiaries
December 31
December 31
December&#160;31
 2018
December 31
 2019
$6
$6
December&#160;31
$4
December 31
$4
December&#160;31
December 31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
1
 of local currency borrowings in certain Central and Eastern European
 South American
December&#160;31
December 31
1
1
4
4
3
4
4
5
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
 of local currency borrowings in certain Central and Eastern European
 South American
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
On December 16
 2019
 Bunge extended the existing three-year revolving credit facility totaling $1
750 million
 scheduled to mature on December 12
 2020
 for two additional years
 to December 12
On July 1
 2019
 28.5 billion and $85 million Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of December 12
 2014
 which extends the maturity date to July 1
December&#160;31
Short-term rating applies only to Bunge Asset Funding Corp.
Our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt. However
 credit rating downgrades would increase our borrowing costs under our credit facilities and
 depending on their severity
Our credit facilities and certain senior notes require us to comply with specified financial covenants
 including minimum net worth
 minimum current ratio
 a maximum debt to capitalization ratio
December&#160;31
&#8212;We initially entered into our trade receivable securitization program (the Program) in June 2011
May&#160;26
 2016
 Program
May&#160;26
May&#160;26
 unless extended in accordance with the terms of the receivables transfer agreement.  On February 19
 2019
 we exercised a portion of the $300 million accordion feature under this Program to increase the aggregate size of the facility by $100 million to an aggregate of $800 million and extended the committed purchasers' commitment to fund trade receivables under the Program until May 26
December 31
Years Ended December 31
10
9
10
9
9
9
8
9
9
Our risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables is limited to the deferred purchase price receivable (the DPP)
December&#160;31
 2019
 respectively
Trade Receivables Securitization Program
 to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). The DPP will be repaid in cash as receivables are collected
December&#160;31
 2019
&#8212;We may use interest rate swaps as hedging instruments and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. Additionally
December&#160;31
5
5
6
8
(5
(6
Treasury shares
 at cost (2019 and 2018&#8212;12
882
5
6
6
6
$5
December&#160;31
$6
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 of declared dividends to common and preferred shareholders
 respectively
$1
280 million
$1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 primarily due to dividends paid and returns of capital to non-controlling interest holders
 as well as from an agreement for Bunge to purchase certain noncontrolling interests from the holder
December&#160;31
 2019
6
899
683
 per share payable quarterly. As a result of adjustments made to the initial conversion price because cash dividends paid on Bunge Limited's common shares exceeded certain specified thresholds
 each convertible perpetual preference share is convertible
 at the holder's option
 Bunge Limited common shares
 per share
8
434
December&#160;31
). At any time
 trading days (including the last trading day of such period)
Our cash flows from operations vary depending on
 among other items
 the market prices and timing of the purchase and sale of our inventories. Generally
 during periods when commodity prices are rising
 our Agribusiness operations require increased use of cash to support working capital to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to minimize price risk related to the purchase and sale of our inventories.
 our cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash decreased by 
December&#160;31
$1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
 primarily due to the lower use of cash associated with beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables
 partially offset by higher working capital requirements
December&#160;31
. Cash provided by (used for) operating activities for all periods presented reflects the adoption of ASU 2016-15
Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force)
which changed the presentation of cash flows in relation to our trade receivables securitization program. Particularly impacted are the cash receipts from payments on the deferred purchase price
 which are now classified as cash inflows from investing activities
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt
 while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency
 and when the local currency is the functional currency
 translated into U.S. dollar. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also
 certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
 we recorded foreign currency losses of 
 respectively
$1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
 payments were made for capital expenditures of 
 primarily related to the replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in Brazil
 which were subsequently transferred to the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture in December 2019
 as well as other capital projects at various facilities. In addition
 payments were made for investments of 
 primarily related to deposits in South America and promissory notes related to financial services
$1
 from the divestiture of businesses and disposals of property
 plant
 and equipment. During 
 payments were made for capital expenditures of $493 million
 primarily related to replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in Brazil
 which were subsequently transferred to the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture in December 2019
 and the upgrade of our crush facility in Italy
 as well as other capital projects at various facilities. In addition
 we acquired Loders for $908 million
 net of cash acquired
 and Minsa USA for $73 million
 net of cash acquired. Further
 payments were made for investments of $1
184 million
 primarily related to deposits
 treasuries and bonds in South America related to financial services
 which were substantially offset by proceeds from such investments of $1
098 million. Cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $1
888 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables
December&#160;31
 2018
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 was primarily related to lower working capital needs as well as lower overall debt needs following the transfer of our industrial sugar business in Brazil to the BP Bioenergia joint venture. In addition
 to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares. The net increase of $956 million in borrowings in 2018 was primarily related to the funding of acquisitions
 financing capital expenditures and funding working capital needs. In 
&#8212;In 2018
 our cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash decreased by $212 million
Cash used for operating activities was $1
264 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2018 compared to cash used for operating activities of $1
975 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2017. Net cash outflows from operating activities was lower for the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 primarily due to the lower use of cash associated with beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables and higher net income during 2018
 partially offset by the increased working capital requirements compared to the year ended December&#160;31
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt
 while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency
 and when the local currency is the functional currency
 translated into U.S. dollar. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also
 certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings
 while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. Local currency loans in U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the U.S. are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. For the years ended December&#160;31
 2018 and December&#160;31
 2017
 we recorded foreign currency losses of $139 million and $21 million
 respectively
Cash provided by investing activities was $410 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2018 compared to cash provided by investing activities of $1
819 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2017. During 2018
 payments were made for capital expenditures of $493 million
 primarily related to replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in Brazil and the upgrade of our crush facility in Italy
 as well as other capital projects at various facilities. In addition
 we acquired Loders for $908 million
 net of cash acquired
 and Minsa USA for $73 million
 net of cash acquired.  Further
 payments were made for investments of $1
184 million
 primarily related to deposits
 treasuries and bonds in South America related to financial services
 which were substantially offset by proceeds from such investments of $1
098 million. Cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $1
888 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables (due to the change in accounting described above)
 as well as cash inflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $66 million in the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 relative to the U.S. dollar in 2018.  During 2017
 payments were made for capital expenditures of $662 million
 primarily related to the upgrade and expansion of an export terminal in the U.S.
 replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business
 the expansion of a crushing facility in Brazil and the upgrade of our crush facility in Italy. In addition
 we acquired two oilseed processing plants in the Netherlands and France for $318 million
 an edible oils business in Argentina for $26 million and an olive oil and seed oil producer in Turkey for $23 million
 net of cash acquired.  Additionally
 we had cash outflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $20 million
 relative to the US dollar in 2017
 and payments for investments in affiliates relating to our G3
 SB Oils and Tapajos joint ventures
 as well as the acquisition of a non-controlling stake in Agricola Alvorada
 a Brazilian agribusiness company during 2017. Proceeds from and payments for investments included primarily purchases and sales of short-term investments. Cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $2
Cash provided by financing activities was $631 million in the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 compared to cash used for financing activities of $180 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2017.  The net increase of $956 million in borrowings in 2018 was primarily related to the funding of acquisitions
 financing capital expenditures and funding working capital needs. In addition
 we paid dividends of $305 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares. In 2017
&#8212;We advance collateralized funds to counterparties (farmers and crop resellers)
 primarily to secure the origination of soybeans for our soybean processing facilities in Brazil. These activities are generally intended to be short-term in nature. The ability of our counterparties to repay these amounts is affected by agricultural economic conditions in the relevant geography
 which are
 in turn
 affected by commodity prices
 currency exchange rates
 crop input costs and crop quality and yields. As a result
 these arrangements are typically secured
 including by a farmer's crop and
 in many cases
 land and other assets.  In the event of counterparty default
 we generally initiate legal proceedings to recover the defaulted amounts. However
 the legal recovery process through the judicial system is a long-term process
 generally spanning a number of years. Additionally
Because Brazilian farmer credit exposures are denominated in local currency
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
 the Brazilian 
We periodically evaluate the collectability of our farmer receivables and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. We base our determination of the allowance on analyses of the credit quality of individual accounts
 also considering the economic and financial condition of the farming industry and other market conditions
 as well as the value of any collateral related to amounts owed. We continuously review defaulted farmer receivables for impairment on an individual account basis. We consider all accounts in legal collections processes to be defaulted and past due. For such accounts
 we determine the allowance for uncollectible amounts based on the fair value of the associated collateral
 net of estimated costs to sell. For all renegotiated accounts (current and past due)
 we consider changes in farm economic conditions and other market conditions
 our historical experience related to renegotiated accounts
the future)
 primarily in Brazil. These financing arrangements are typically secured by the farmer's future crop and mortgages on the farmer's land
 buildings and equipment
 and are generally settled after the farmer's crop is harvested and sold.
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 respectively
Other Non-Current Assets
December 31
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 2019
 
.  The forecasted decrease compared to prior years is primarily due to the sale of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations
 capital expenditures are to maintain the cash generating capacity of our assets through maintenance
 compliance
 and safety initiatives
December&#160;31
. There are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. In addition
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 2019
 our maximum potential future payments under these performance guarantees was 
December&#160;31
 2019
 no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees.  Any obligation recorded would be recognized in Current operating lease obligations or Non-current operating lease obligations (see Note 27
 
We have provided a Guaranty to the Director of the Illinois Department of Agriculture as Trustee for Bunge North America
&#160;Inc. (BNA)
 an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
 which guarantees all amounts due and owing by BNA
In addition
 we have provided full and unconditional parent level guarantees of the outstanding indebtedness under certain credit facilities entered into
 and senior notes issued by
December&#160;31
 2019
$4
 related to these guarantees. This debt includes the senior notes issued by two of our 100% owned finance subsidiaries
December&#160;31
 2019
4
1
1
7
2
1
2
1
as a component of the prices we charge for our products. However
Represents other purchase commitments and obligations
 such as take-or-pay contracts
 throughput contracts
December&#160;31
 2019
 Bunge had tax liabilities of 
 including interest and penalties. At this time
 we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore
Nature of Business
 Basis of Presentation
to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K. As disclosed in Note&#160;1
 the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S.&#160;GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. The Company believes that the following discussion addresses the Company's most critical accounting policies
 which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult
Our RMI
 forward RMI purchase and sale contracts
 and exchange traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. RMI are freely-traded
 have quoted market prices
 may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. We estimate fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on exchange-quoted prices
 adjusted for differences in local markets. Certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. The significant unobservable inputs for RMI and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimations regarding costs of transportation and other local market or location-related adjustments
 primarily freight related adjustments in the interior of Brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in Canada. In both situations
 we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight
 premiums and discounts in our contracts. Changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of Cost of goods sold. If we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values
 amounts reported as inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and Cost of goods sold could differ. Additionally
 if market conditions change subsequent to year-end
 amounts reported in future periods as inventories
 unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts
Accounts receivable and secured advances to suppliers are stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. We establish an allowance for uncollectible trade accounts receivable and secured advances to farmers based on historical experience
 farming
 economic and other market conditions
We follow the accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels
 defined as portfolio segments and classes. Based upon an analysis of credit losses and risk factors to be considered in determining the allowance for credit losses
We evaluate this single portfolio segment by class of receivables
receivables from farmers. Valuation allowances for accounts in legal collection processes are determined by us on individual accounts based on the fair value of the collateral provided as security for the secured advance or credit sale. The fair value is determined using a combination of internal and external resources
 including published information concerning Brazilian land values by region. To determine the valuation allowances for renegotiated amounts
 we consider our historical experience with the individual farmers
 current weather and crop conditions
For both classes
 a long-term receivable from farmers in Brazil is considered impaired
 based on current information and events
 if we determine it to be probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. Recognition of interest income on secured advances to farmers is suspended once the farmer defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. No additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery
When we acquire a business
 the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities
 including intangible assets
 based on estimated fair values
 with any excess recorded as goodwill.&#160;Determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors
 including market participants
 projected growth rates
 the amounts and timing of future cash flows
Our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. Instead
 it is tested for impairment at least annually. We perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. If events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses
 we perform an impairment analysis at that date. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate
 legal factors
 operating performance indicators
 competition
 or sale or disposition of a significant asset. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill
 we: (1) verify there are no changes to our reporting units with goodwill balances; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value
 or book value
 of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value
 we recognize an impairment charge for such amount
The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis
 including the identification of our reporting units
 identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units
 and determination of fair value. In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis
 we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management&#8217;s strategic business plans. Changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in further goodwill impairment charges. We believe that the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. Estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used
 where available. Critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include
 but are not limited to
 assumptions about variables such as commodity prices
 crop throughput and production volumes
 profitability
 future capital expenditures and discount rates
During the fourth quarter of 2019
 we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined that the estimated fair values of our goodwill reporting units
 except our Loders reporting unit
 were substantially in excess of each of their carrying values. See Note 8
Goodwill
to our consolidated financial statements
Property
Long-lived assets include property
 plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. Property
 plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of these assets may be impaired
 an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. If it appears that the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss as a charge against results of operations. Our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets
 changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. As we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets
realize material impairment charges. We recorded impairment charges of $180 million for property
 plant
December&#160;31
 2019
We are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits
 primarily non-income tax and labor claims in Brazil and non-income tax claims in Argentina
 and have accrued our estimates of the probable costs to resolve these claims. These estimates have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results
 assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. For more information on tax and labor claims in Brazil
We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. We consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation allowances. If we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount
 we decrease the valuation allowance
 thereby decreasing income tax expense. Conversely
 if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset
 we increase the valuation allowance
We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. Accordingly
December&#160;31
 2019
 we had recorded uncertain tax positions of 
 respectively
 in our consolidated balance sheets. For additional information on income taxes
We evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. Recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property
 plant and equipment
 raw materials and taxable services and other transactional taxes
 which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes
 or other taxes we may owe
 primarily in Brazil. Management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. The balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories
 purchases of new inventories
 percentages of export sales
 seasonality
 changes in applicable tax rates
 cash payments by the applicable government agencies and the offset of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments
December&#160;31
 2019
 the allowance for recoverable taxes was $78 million and $37 million
 respectively. We continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful
Nature of Business
 Basis of Presentation
As a result of our global activities
 we are exposed to changes in
 among other things
 agricultural commodity prices
 transportation costs
 foreign currency exchange rates
 interest rates
 and energy costs
 which may affect our results of operations and financial position. We actively monitor and manage these various market risks associated with our business activities. Our risk management decisions take place in various locations
 but exposure limits are centrally set and monitored
 operating under a global governance framework. Additionally
 our Board of Directors' Finance and Risk Policy Committee and our internal Management Risk Committee oversee our global market risk governance framework
We use derivative instruments for the purpose of managing the exposures associated with commodity prices
 transportation costs
 foreign currency exchange rates
 interest rates
 energy costs
 and for positioning our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements in accordance with established policies and procedures. We enter into derivative instruments primarily with commodity exchanges in the case of commodity futures and options
 major financial institutions
 or approved exchange clearing shipping companies in the case of ocean freight. While these derivative instruments are subject to fluctuations in value
 for hedged exposures those fluctuations are generally offset by the changes in the fair value of the underlying exposures. The derivative instruments that we use for hedging purposes are intended to reduce the volatility of our results of operations. However
 they can occasionally result in earnings volatility
Through our normal business activities
 we are subject to significant credit and counterparty risks that arise through commercial sales and purchases
 including forward commitments to buy or sell
 and through various other over-the-counter (OTC) derivative instruments that we use to manage risks inherent in our business activities. We define credit and counterparty risk as a potential financial loss due to the failure of a counterparty to honor its obligations. The exposure is measured based upon several factors
 including unpaid accounts receivable from counterparties
 as well as unrealized gains from forward cash contracts and OTC derivative instruments. Credit and counterparty risk also includes sovereign credit risk. We actively monitor credit and counterparty risk through a regular review of exposures and credit analysis by regional credit teams
During periods of tight conditions in global credit markets
 downturns in regional or global economic conditions
 and/or significant price volatility
 credit and counterparty risks are heightened. This increased risk is monitored through
 among other things
 exposure reporting
 increased communication with key counterparties
 management reviews
 and specific focus on counterparties or groups of counterparties that we may determine as high risk. We have reduced exposures and associated position limits in certain cases
We operate in many areas of the food industry
 from agricultural raw materials to the production and sale of branded food products. As a result
 we purchase and produce various materials
 many of which are agricultural commodities
 including: soybeans
 soybean oil
 soybean meal
 palm oil
 softseeds (including sunflower seed
 rapeseed and canola) and related oil and meal derived from them
 wheat
 barley
 shea nut
 and corn. Agricultural commodities are subject to price fluctuations due to a number of unpredictable factors that may create price risk. As described above
 we are also subject to the risk of counterparty non-performance under forward purchase or sale contracts. From time to time
 we have experienced instances of counterparty non-performance
We enter into various derivative contracts with the primary objective of managing our exposure to adverse price movements in the agricultural commodities used and produced in our business operations. We have established policies that limit the amount of unhedged fixed price agricultural commodity positions permissible for our operating companies
 which are generally a combination of volumetric
 drawdown
Our daily net agricultural commodity position consists of inventory
 forward purchase and sale contracts
 and OTC and exchange traded derivative instruments
 including those used to hedge portions of our production requirements. The fair value of that position is a summation of the fair values of each agricultural commodity
 calculated by valuing all of our commodity positions for the period at quoted market prices
 where available
 or by utilizing a close proxy. VaR is calculated on the net position and monitored at the 95% confidence interval. In addition
 scenario analysis and stress testing are performed. For example
 one measure of market risk is estimated as the potential loss in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in prices. The results of this analysis
 which may differ from actual results
December 31
December 31
2
Ocean freight represents a significant portion of our operating costs. The market price for ocean freight varies depending on the supply and demand for ocean vessels
 global economic conditions
. We use financial derivatives
 generally freight forward agreements
We purchase various energy commodities such as electricity
 natural gas and bunker fuel
 which are used to operate our manufacturing facilities and ocean freight vessels. These energy commodities are subject to price risk. We use financial derivatives
 including exchange traded and OTC swaps and options for various purposes
 to manage our exposure to volatility in energy costs and market prices. These energy derivatives are included in other current assets and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value.
 Canadian dollar
Euro
. To reduce the risk arising from foreign exchange rate fluctuations
 we enter into derivative instruments
 such as foreign currency forward contracts
December&#160;31
When determining our exposure
 we exclude intercompany loans that are deemed to be permanently invested. The repayments of permanently invested intercompany loans are not planned or anticipated in the foreseeable future and therefore
 are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result
December&#160;31
 2019
 respectively
The aggregate fair value of our short and long-term debt
December&#160;31
 2019
$5
$4
December&#160;31
 in the fair value of our debt. Similarly
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. Some of our variable rate debt is denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars and is indexed to non-U.S. dollar-based interest rate indices
 such as EURIBOR and TJLP
 and certain benchmark rates in local bank markets. As such
&#8212;We use a combination of foreign exchange forward
 swap
We assess
 both at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis
&#8212;We primarily use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to movements associated with agricultural commodity prices. We generally use exchange traded futures and options contracts to minimize the effects of changes in the prices of agricultural commodities held as inventories or subject to forward purchase and sale contracts
 but may also enter into OTC commodity transactions
 including swaps
 which are settled in cash at maturity or termination based on exchange-quoted futures prices. Changes in fair values of exchange traded futures contracts
 representing the unrealized gains and/or losses on these instruments
 are settled daily
 generally through our 100% owned futures clearing subsidiary. Forward purchase and sale contracts are primarily settled through delivery of agricultural commodities. While we consider these exchange traded futures and forward purchase and sale contracts to be effective economic hedges
&#8212;We use derivative instruments referred to as freight forward agreements
 or FFAs
&#8212;We use derivative instruments for various purposes including to manage our exposure to volatility in energy costs
 and our exposure to market prices related to the sale of biofuels. Our operations use substantial amounts of energy
 including natural gas
 coal and fuel oil
&#8212;We may also enter into other derivatives
 including credit default swaps and equity derivatives
 to manage our exposure to credit risk and broader macroeconomic risks
For more information
As of December&#160;31
 2019
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Exchange Act Rules&#160;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon that evaluation
Bunge Limited's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
Under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Based on this assessment
Deloitte&#160;&amp; Touche&#160;LLP
 the independent registered public accounting firm that has audited and reported on Bunge Limited's consolidated financial statements included in this annual report
 has issued its written attestation report on Bunge Limited's internal control over financial reporting
There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December&#160;31
 2019 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
As part of our transition from a regional structure to a new global operating model announced in May 2019
 and the GCP (see Note 2 - &#160;
 to our consolidated financial statements)
 the Company is simplifying organizational structures
 streamlining processes and consolidating&#160;back office functions globally. In connection with these initiatives
 the Company has and will continue to align and streamline the design and operation of its internal controls over financial reporting. These initiatives are not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the Company&#8217;s internal controls over financial reporting
 but are expected
 over time
Our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further
 because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls may also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of control effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Bunge Limited and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December&#160;31
 2019
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2019
        We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 of the Company and our report dated February 21
        The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Because of the inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
New York
February 21
Information required by Items&#160;10
 11
 12
Directors
 Executive Officers
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form&#160;10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement
 which may have been included in the agreement for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters as facts and may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the parties in connection with the negotiation of these agreements and not necessarily reflected in the agreements. Accordingly
 the representations and warranties contained in these agreements may not describe the actual state of affairs of Bunge Limited or its subsidiaries as of the date that these representations and warranties were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on these representations and warranties as statements of fact. Additional information about Bunge Limited and its subsidiaries may be found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K and Bunge Limited's other public filings
Memorandum of Association (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;F-1 (No.&#160;333-65026) filed July&#160;13
Certificate of Deposit of Memorandum of Increase of Share Capital (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed August&#160;11
Bye-laws
 amended and restated as of May&#160;25
(incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on February 28
Form of Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;3
Certificate of Designation of 4.875% Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preference Shares (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;8-K filed November&#160;20
Form of 4.875% Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preference Share Certificate (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;8-K filed November&#160;20
Fifth Amended and Restated Pooling Agreement
 dated as of June&#160;28
 2004
 among Bunge Funding&#160;Inc.
 Bunge Management Services&#160;Inc.
 as Servicer
 and The Bank of New York
 as Trustee (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed February&#160;27
Fifth Amended and Restated Series&#160;2000-1 Supplement
 dated as of June&#160;28
 2004
 among Bunge Funding&#160;Inc.
 Bunge Management Services
&#160;Inc.
 as Servicer
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 Rabobank International, New York Branch
 as Letter of Credit Agent
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 as Administrative Agent
 The Bank of New&#160;York Mellon
 as Collateral Agent and Trustee
 and Bunge Asset Funding Corp.
 as Series&#160;2000-1 Purchaser (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed February&#160;27
Credit Agreement
 dated September 6
 2017
 among Bunge Limited Finance Corp.
 as Borrower
 CoBank ACB
 as Administrative Agent and Lead Arranger
 and certain lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on September 7
Guaranty
 dated as of September 6
 2017
 between Bunge Limited
 as Guarantor
 and CoBank ACB
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on September 7
Eighth Amendment to and Restatement of the Receivables Transfer Agreement
 dated May&#160;26
 2016
 among Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V.
 as Seller
 Koninklijke Bunge B.V. (f/k/a&#160;Bunge Finance&#160;B.V.)
 as Master Servicer
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Conduit Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Committed Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Purchaser Agents
 Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank&#160;U.A. (f/k/a Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.)
 as Administrative Agent and Purchaser Agent
 and Bunge Limited
 as Performance Undertaking Provider (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on July&#160;28
Ninth Amendment to the Receivables Transfer Agreement
 dated June&#160;30
 2016
 among Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V.
 as Seller
 Koninklijke Bunge&#160;B.V.
 as Master Servicer
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Conduit Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Committed Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Purchaser Agents
 Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank&#160;U.A.
 as Administrative Agent and Purchaser Agent
 and Bunge Limited
 as Performance Undertaking Provider (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on July&#160;28
Tenth Amendment to the Receivables Transfer Agreement
 dated October&#160;11
 2016
 among Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V.
 as Seller
 Koninklijke Bunge&#160;B.V.
 as Master Servicer
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Conduit Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Committed Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Purchaser Agents
 Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank&#160;U.A.
 as Administrative Agent and Purchaser Agent
 and Bunge Limited
 as Performance Undertaking Provider (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed on February&#160;28
Eleventh Amendment to the Receivables Transfer Agreement
 dated May&#160;31
 2017
 among Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V.
 as Seller
 Koninklijke Bunge&#160;B.V.
 as Master Servicer
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Conduit Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Committed Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Purchaser Agents
 Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank&#160;U.A.
 as Administrative Agent and Purchaser Agent
 and Bunge Limited
 as Performance Undertaking Provider (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed on February&#160;23
Twelfth Amendment to the Receivables Transfer Agreement
 dated October&#160;31
 2017
 among Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V.
 as Seller
 Koninklijke Bunge&#160;B.V.
 as Master Servicer
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Conduit Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Committed Purchasers
 the persons from time to time party thereto as Purchaser Agents
 Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank&#160;U.A.
 as Administrative Agent and Purchaser Agent
 and Bunge Limited
 as Performance Undertaking Provider (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed on February&#160;23
Thirteenth Amendment to the Receivables Transfer Agreement
 dated January 12
 2018
 among Bunge Securitization B.V.
 as Seller
 Koninklijke Bunge B.V.
 as Master Servicer
 Bunge Limited
 as Performance Undertaking Provider
 and Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank U.A.
 as Administrative Agent
 Committed Purchaser and Purchaser Agent on behalf of the other Committed Purchasers
Fourteenth Amendment to the Receivables Transfer Agreement
 dated February 19
 2019
 among Bunge Securitization B.V.
 as Seller
 Koninklijke Bunge B.V.
 as Master Servicer
 Bunge Limited
 as Performance Undertaking Provider
 and Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank U.A.
 as Administrative Agent
 Committed Purchaser and Purchaser Agent on behalf of the other Committed Purchasers
Amendment to and Restatement of the Servicing Agreement
 dated May&#160;26
 2016
 among Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V.
 as Seller
 Bunge North America Capital
&#160;Inc.
 as U.S. Intermediate Transferor
 Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank&#160;U.A.
 as Italian Intermediate Transferor
 Koninklijke Bunge&#160;B.V.
 as Master Servicer
 the persons named therein as Sub-Servicers
 the persons named therein as Committed Purchasers
 and Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank&#160;U.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's form&#160;10-K filed on February&#160;28
Performance and Indemnity Agreement
 dated June&#160;1
 2011
 between Bunge Limited
 as Performance Undertaking Provider and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on August&#160;9
First Amendment to Performance and Indemnity Agreement
 dated May&#160;24
 2012
 between Bunge Limited
 as Performance Undertaking Provider and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on August&#160;1
Subordinated Loan Agreement
 dated June&#160;1
 2011
 among Bunge Finance&#160;B.V.
 as Subordinated Lender
 Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V.
 as Seller
 Bunge Finance&#160;B.V.
 as Master Servicer
 and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on August&#160;9
U.S. Receivables Purchase Agreement
 dated June&#160;1
 2011
 among Bunge North America
&#160;Inc.
 Bunge Oils
&#160;Inc.
 Bunge North America (East)
&#160;LLC
 Bunge Milling
&#160;Inc.
 Bunge North America (OPD West)
 Inc.
 each as a Seller
 respectively
 Bunge Finance&#160;B.V.
 as Seller Agent
 and Bunge North America Capital
&#160;Inc.
 as the Buyer (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on August&#160;9
First Amendment to U.S. Receivables Purchase Agreement
 dated June&#160;15
 2012
 among Bunge North America
&#160;Inc.
 Bunge Oils
&#160;Inc.
 Bunge North America (East)
&#160;LLC
 Bunge Milling
&#160;Inc.
 Bunge North America (OPD West)
&#160;Inc.
 each as a Seller
 respectively
 Bunge Finance&#160;B.V.
 as Seller Agent
 and Bunge North America Capital
&#160;Inc.
 as the Buyer (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on August&#160;1
Second Amendment to the U.S. Receivables Purchase Agreement
 dated June&#160;30
 2016
 among Bunge North America
&#160;Inc.
 Bunge Oils
&#160;Inc.
 Bunge North America (East)
&#160;LLC
 Bunge Milling
&#160;Inc.
 Bunge North America (OPD West)
&#160;Inc.
 each as a Seller
 respectively
 Koninklijke Bunge&#160;B.V.
 as Seller Agent
 Bunge North America Capital
&#160;Inc.
 as the Buyer
 and Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank&#160;U.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on February 28
U.S. Intermediate Transfer Agreement
 dated June&#160;1
 2011
 among Bunge North America Capital
&#160;Inc.
 as the Transferor
 Bunge Finance&#160;B.V.
 as the Transferor Agent
 and Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V.
 as the Transferee (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on August&#160;9
First Amendment to U.S. Intermediate Transfer Agreement
 dated June&#160;15
 2012
 among Bunge North America Capital
&#160;Inc.
 as the Transferor
 Bunge Finance&#160;B.V.
 as Transferor Agent
 and Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V.
 as the Transferee (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on August&#160;1
Revolving Credit Agreement
 dated as of May 1
 2018
 among Bunge Limited Finance Corp.
 as Revolving Borrower
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 as Revolving Administrative Agent
 and certain Revolving Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 3
Guaranty
 dated as of May 1
 2018
 by Bunge Limited
 as Guarantor
 to Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 as Revolving Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lenders (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 3
Framework Agreement
 dated May 1
 2018
 among Bunge Limited
 Bunge Limited Finance Corp.
 as Revolving Borrower
 the Pre-Export Borrowers party thereto
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 as Revolving Administrative Agent and Pre-Export Administrative Agent
 certain Revolving Lenders party thereto and certain Pre-Export Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 3
Second Amended and Restated Pre-Export Facility Agreement
 dated August 1
 2018
 among the Pre-Export Borrowers party thereto
 the Pre-Export Lenders party thereto
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 as Pre-Export Administrative Agent
 and Banco Rabobank International Brasil S.A.
 as Pre-Export Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to the Pre-Export Facility Agreement from the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 3
 2018)  NTD:  While the original Amended and Restated Pre-Export Facility Agreement was included in the May 3
 2018 Form 8-K
 it was determined that the Second Amended and Restated Pre-Export Facility Agreement dated August 1
Thirteenth Amended and Restated Liquidity Agreement
 dated as of December 14
 2018
 among Bunge Asset Funding Corp.
 the financial institutions party thereto
 Citibank
 N.A.
 as Syndication Agent
 BNP Paribas
 Mizuho Bank
 Ltd.
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association
 as Co-Documentation Agents
 and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 8-K filed December 17
Annex X
 dated as of December 14
 2018 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on December 17
Ninth Amended and Restated Guaranty
 dated as of December 14
 2018
 by Bunge Limited
 as Guarantor
 to Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank U.A.
 New York Branch
 in its capacity as Letter of Credit Agent
 and the Letter of Credit Banks named therein
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
Agreement
 and The Bank of New York Mellon
Trustee under the Pooling Agreement (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on December 17
Revolving Credit Agreement
 dated as December 14
 2018
 among Bunge Limited Finance Corp.
 as Borrower
 Citibank
 N.A.
 as Syndication Agent
 BNP Paribas
 Mizuho Bank
 Ltd.
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association
 as Co-Documentation Agents
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent
 and certain lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on December 17
Guaranty
 dated as of December 14
 2018
 by Bunge Limited
 as Guarantor
 to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent under the Revolving Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on December 17
Bunge Limited Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of December&#160;31
 2008) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;2
Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (effective as of 2005) under the Bunge Limited Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;15
Bunge Limited 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement filed April&#160;11
Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2009 Bunge Limited Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;1
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2009 Bunge Limited Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;1
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit-Target EPS Award Agreement under the 2009 Bunge Limited Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;1
Bunge Limited 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement filed April&#160;15
Form of Global Stock Option Agreement under the 2016 Bunge Limited Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed February 28
Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2016 Bunge Limited Equity Incentive Plan (for RSUs subject to pro rata vesting) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed February 28
Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2016 Bunge Limited Equity Incentive Plan (for RSUs subject to cliff vesting) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed February 28
Form of Global Performance Unit Agreement under the 2016 Bunge Limited Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed February 28
Bunge Limited 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement filed April&#160;13
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Bunge Limited 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 10-K filed February 23
Bunge Excess Benefit Plan (Amended and Restated as of January&#160;1
 2009) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;2
Bunge Excess Contribution Plan (Amended and Restated as of January&#160;1
 2009) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;2
Bunge U.S. SERP (Amended and Restated as of January&#160;1
 2011) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;1
Bunge Limited Employee Deferred Compensation Plan (effective January&#160;1
 2008) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed March&#160;2
Bunge Limited Annual Incentive Plan (effective January&#160;1
 2011) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement filed April&#160;16
Description of Non-Employee Directors' Compensation (effective as of January&#160;1
 2014) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on February 28
Offer Letters
 dated June&#160;10 and 14
 2011
 for Gordon Hardie (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on August&#160;9
Offer Letter
 dated September&#160;24
 2010
 for Raul Padilla (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-Q filed on November&#160;9
Employment Agreement
 dated as of February&#160;6
 2013
 between Bunge Limited and Soren Schroder (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;7
Offer Letter
 dated December&#160;7
 2016
 for Thomas Boehlert (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;10-K filed February 28
Form of Executive Change of Control Agreement (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed November 1
Separation Agreement
 dated as of December 13
 2018
Cooperation Agreement
 dated as of October 31
 2018 by and among Bunge Limited
 Continental Grain Company and Paul Fribourg (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;8-K filed October 31
Cooperation Agreement
 dated as of October 31
 2018 by and among Bunge Limited
 D.E. Shaw Valence Portfolios
 L.L.C and D. E. Shaw Oculus Portfolios
 L.L.C. (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;8-K filed October 31
Employment Agreement
 dated as of April 25
 2019
 between Bunge Limited and Gregory A. Heckman (incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form&#160;8-K filed on April&#160;26
Employment Offer Letter
 dated May 7
 2019
 from Bunge Limited to John W. Neppl (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form&#160;10-Q filed on&#160;July 31
Amended and Restated Revolving Facility Agreement
 dated December 16
 2019
 among Bunge Finance Europe B.V.
 as Borrower
 ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
 BNP Paribas
 HSBC France
 ING Bank N.V.
 Natixis and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 as Arrangers
 ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
 BNP Paribas
 Natixis and Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank U.A.
 as Sustainability Co-ordinators
 and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
 as Agent
 and certain lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form&#160;8-K filed on December 16
Amendment and Restatement Agreement
 dated December 16
 2019
 among Bunge Finance Europe B.V.
 as Borrower
 ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
 as Agent
 and certain arrangers party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form&#160;8-K filed on December 16
Amended and Restated Guaranty of Bunge Limited
 as Guarantor
 to ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
 as Agent under the Facility Agreement
 dated as of December 16
 2019 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant&#8217;s Form&#160;8-K filed on December 16
Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of an application for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule&#160;24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
DECEMBER 31
DECEMBER 31
DECEMBER 31
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December&#160;31
 2019
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December&#160;31
 2019
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December&#160;31
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December&#160;31
 2019
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests for the Years Ended December&#160;31
 2019
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bunge Limited and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income (loss)
 changes in equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests
 and cash flows
 for each of the three years in the period ended December&#160;31
 2019
 and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 such financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December&#160;31
 2019
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2019
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 21
 2020
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
The Company records agricultural commodity inventories
 referred to as readily marketable inventories &#8220;RMI
&#8221; and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings as a component of cost of goods sold.  The Company values RMI and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts primarily using Level 1 inputs
 such as public exchange quotes of commodity futures
 broker or dealer quotations.  A portion of the value
 however
 is derived using significant unobservable inputs referred to as Level 3 inputs
 such as management estimates regarding costs of transportation and other location-related adjustments
Our audit procedures related to the significant unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of RMI and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts included the following
We evaluated the competence
 capabilities
We tested the design and effectiveness of controls over management&#8217;s review of the underlying assumptions used in the Company&#8217;s process of estimating the fair value of RMI and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts
We evaluated management&#8217;s ability to accurately estimate fair value by comparing management&#8217;s historical estimates to subsequent transactions
We evaluated the reasonableness of the Level 3 inputs by reference to third-party data
 information produced by the entity
New York
February 21
(U.S. dollars in millions
Year Ended December&#160;31
41
45
45
40
43
44
2
1
Selling
1
1
1
Gain (loss)
 net on disposal of affiliate investments
1
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
1
1
1
Year Ended December&#160;31
1
1
1
Unrealized gains (losses) on designated hedges
 net of tax (expense) benefit of $(2)
 $1
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments
 net of tax (expense) benefit of nil
 nil
Reclassification of realized net losses (gains) to net income
 net of tax expense (benefit) of $(2)
 $2
Pension adjustment
 net of tax (expense) benefit of $2
 $4
1
1
1
493
 respectively
 which is recorded in Cost of goods sold and Other income (expense) - net
 respectively
(U.S. dollars in millions
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
5
5
3
3
10
11
Property
 plant and equipment
4
5
Other intangible assets
18
19
2
3
2
2
6
7
3
4
Convertible perpetual preference shares
 par value $.01; authorized
 issued and outstanding:  2019 and 2018&#8212;6
899
Common shares
 par value $.01; authorized&#8212;400
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding:  2019&#8212;141
813
142 shares
 2018&#8212;141
111
5
5
6
8
5
6
Treasury shares
 at cost; 2019 and 2018&#8212;12
882
5
6
6
6
18
19
Year Ended December&#160;31
1
1
(Gain) loss
Depreciation
(Gain) loss on sale of investments and property
 plant
Other
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
1
Recoverable and income taxes
1
1
3
Other
1
1
1
1
1
1
2
Proceeds from divestiture of businesses and disposal of property
Other
1
1
5
10
9
5
10
9
Capital contributions (return of capital) from noncontrolling interests
Other
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
(U.S. dollars in millions
January&#160;1
6
900
139
500
5
8
5
7
Dividends on common shares
Dividends on preference shares
1
145
December&#160;31
6
899
140
646
5
8
5
7
1
1
Dividends on common shares
Dividends on preference shares
464
December&#160;31
6
899
141
111
5
8
6
6
1
1
1
1
Dividends on common shares
Dividends on preference shares
Issuance of common shares
702
December 31
6
899
141
813
5
6
5
6
NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
&#8212;Bunge Limited
 a Bermuda company
 together with its consolidated subsidiaries and variable interest entities (VIEs) in which it is considered the primary beneficiary
 through which its businesses are conducted (collectively Bunge or the Company)
 reportable segments: Agribusiness
 Edible Oil Products
 Milling Products
 Sugar and Bioenergy
&#8212;Bunge's Agribusiness segment is an integrated
 global business involved in the purchase
 storage
 transport
 processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Bunge's agribusiness operations and assets are located in North America
 South America
Bunge's Agribusiness segment also participates in related financial activities
 such as offering trade structured finance
 which leverages its international trade flows
 providing risk management services to customers by assisting them with managing price exposure to agricultural commodities
&#8212;Bunge's Edible Oil Products segment produces and sells edible oil products
 such as packaged and bulk oils and fats
 shortenings
 margarine
 mayonnaise and other products derived from the vegetable oil refining process
 and refines and fractionates palm oil
 palm kernel oil
 coconut oil
 and shea butter. Bunge's edible oil products operations are located in North America
 South America
 Europe
 Asia-Pacific
&#8212;Bunge's Milling Products segment includes wheat
 corn and rice milling businesses
 which purchase wheat
 corn and rice directly from farmers and dealers and process them into milled products for food processors
 bakeries
 brewers
&#8212;In December 2019
 Bunge contributed its Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations
 forming the majority of its Sugar and Bioenergy segment
 through which it produced and sold sugar and ethanol derived from sugarcane
 as well as energy derived from the sugar and ethanol production process
 into a joint venture with the Brazilian biofuels business of BP p.l.c. (BP). The joint venture
 BP Bunge Bioenergia
 interest
 operates on a stand-alone basis
 mills located across the Southeast
 North and Midwest regions of Brazil. As a result of this transaction
 Bunge no longer consolidates its Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations in its consolidated financial statements
&#8212;Bunge's Fertilizer segment operates in Argentina
 Uruguay and Paraguay
 where it produces
 blends and distributes a range of liquid and dry NPK fertilizers
&#8212;The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.&#160;GAAP).  The accounting policies used to prepare these financial statements are the same as those used to prepare the consolidated financial statements in prior years
&#8212;In determining whether a disposal group should be presented as discontinued operations
 Bunge makes a determination of whether such a group being disposed of comprises a component of the entity
 or a group of components of the entity
 that represents a strategic shift that has
 or will have
 a major effect on the Company's operations and financial results. If these determinations are made affirmatively
&#8212;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Bunge
 its subsidiaries and VIEs in which Bunge is considered to be the primary beneficiary
 and as a result
 include the assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses of all entities over which Bunge exercises control. Equity investments in which Bunge has the ability to exercise significant influence but does not control are accounted for by the equity method of accounting. Investments in which Bunge does not exercise significant influence are accounted for at cost
controlling financial interest
 are reported as Noncontrolling interests or Redeemable noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheets. The noncontrolling ownership interests in Bunge's earnings
 net of tax
&#8212;Bunge's reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the majority of Bunge's foreign subsidiaries is their local currency and
 as such
 amounts included in the consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income (loss)
 cash flows and changes in equity are translated using average exchange rates during each period. Assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates and resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  However
 in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 if a foreign entity's economy is determined to be highly inflationary
Bunge has significant operations in Argentina and
 up until June&#160;30
 2018
 published by the Argentine government for its commercial transactions and remeasurement purposes of financial statements.  Argentina has experienced negative economic trends
 as evidenced by multiple periods of increasing inflation rates
 devaluation of the 
 and increasing borrowing rates
 requiring the Argentine government to take mitigating actions.  During the second quarter of 2018
 it was determined that Argentina's economy should be considered highly inflationary
 and as such
 beginning on July 1
 2018
Cash
 Cash Equivalents
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash
 cash equivalents
December 31
&#8212;Trade accounts receivable and secured advances to suppliers are stated at their historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. Bunge establishes an allowance for uncollectible trade accounts receivable and secured advances to farmers based on historical experience
 deferred fees or costs associated with these receivables. As a result
Bunge follows accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses
 which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels
Under this guidance
 a class of receivables is considered impaired
 based on current information and events
 additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery
&#8212;Readily marketable inventories (RMI) are agricultural commodity inventories
 such as soybeans
 soybean meal
 soybean oil
 corn and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics
 widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms. All of Bunge's RMI are recorded at fair value. These agricultural commodity inventories have quoted market prices in active markets
 may be sold without significant further processing
&#8212;Bunge determines fair value based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Bunge determines the fair values of its readily marketable inventories
 derivatives
 and certain other assets based on the fair value hierarchy
Observable inputs
 including adjusted Level 1 quotes
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities
OTC derivatives whose value is determined using pricing models with inputs that are generally based on exchange traded prices
Assets and liabilities whose value is determined using proprietary pricing models
Based on historical experience with Bunge&#8217;s suppliers and customers
 Bunge&#8217;s own credit risk
 and knowledge of current market conditions
In many cases
Bunge&#8217;s policy regarding the timing of transfers between levels
 including both transfers into and transfers out of Level 3
The majority of Bunge's exchange traded agricultural commodity futures are settled daily
 generally through its clearing subsidiary and
 therefore
&#8212;Bunge enters into derivative instruments to manage its exposure to movements associated with agricultural commodity prices
 transportation costs
 foreign currency exchange rates
 interest rates
 and energy costs. Bunge's use of these instruments is generally intended to mitigate the exposure to market variables (see Note&#160;16
). Additionally
 commodity contracts relating to forward sales of commodities in the Company&#8217;s Agribusiness segment
 such as soybeans
 soybean meal and oil
 corn
 and wheat
Generally
 derivative instruments are recorded at fair value in other current assets or other current liabilities in Bunge's consolidated balance sheets. Bunge assesses at the inception of a hedge whether any derivatives designated as hedges are highly effective in offsetting changes in the hedged items and
 on an ongoing basis
 qualitatively monitors whether that assertion is still met. The changes in fair values of derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges
 along with the gains or losses on the related hedged items are recorded in earnings in the consolidated statements of income in the same caption as the hedged items. The changes in fair values of derivative instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are reclassified to earnings when the hedged cash flows affect earnings or when the hedge is no longer considered to be effective. In addition
 Bunge may designate certain derivative instruments and non-derivative instruments as net investment hedges to hedge the exposure associated with its equity investments in foreign operations. When using forward derivative contracts as hedging instruments in a net investment hedge
&#8212;Bunge classifies its marketable debt securities and short-term investments as available-for-sale
 held-to-maturity or trading. Available-for-sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains (losses) included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Held-to-maturity debt investments represent financial assets in which Bunge has the intent and ability to hold to maturity. Debt trading securities and all equity securities are recorded at fair value and are bought and held principally for selling them in the near term and therefore held for only a short period of time
&#8212;Recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of raw materials and taxable services and other transactional taxes
 which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes or other taxes owed by Bunge
 primarily in Brazil and Europe. These recoverable tax payments are included in other current assets or other non-current assets based on their expected realization. In cases where Bunge determines that recovery is doubtful
Property
 Plant and Equipment
&#8212;Property
 plant and equipment
 net is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major improvements that extend either the life
 capacity
 efficiency
 or improve the safety of an asset are capitalized
Estimated useful lives for property
Furniture
&#8212;Goodwill represents the cost in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in a business acquisition. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level
 which has been determined to be the Company's operating segments or one level below the operating segments in certain instances (see Note&#160;8
&#8212;Finite lived intangible assets primarily include trademarks
 customer relationships and lists
 port facility usage rights
 and patents that are amortized on a straight-line basis over their contractual or legal lives
 or their estimated useful lives where such lives are not determined by law or contract (see Note&#160;9
Impairment of Property
&#8212;Bunge reviews its property
 plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Bunge bases its evaluation of recoverability on such indicators as the nature
 future economic benefits
 and geographic locations of the assets
 historical or future profitability measures
 and other external market conditions. If these indicators result in the expected non-recoverability of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group
 Bunge evaluates potential impairment using undiscounted estimated future cash flows. If such undiscounted future cash flows during the asset's remaining useful life are below its carrying value
 a loss is recognized for the shortfall
 measured by the present value of the estimated future cash flows or by third-party appraisals. Bunge records impairments related to property
 plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets used in the processing of its products in cost of goods sold in its consolidated statements of income. Any impairment of marketing or brand assets is recognized in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income (see Note&#160;10
Property
decline in value may be other than temporary. Bunge considers various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge
 including the length of time that the fair value of the investment is expected to be below its carrying value
 the financial condition
 operating performance and near-term prospects of the affiliate and Bunge's intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery of the fair value. (see Note&#160;10
 and Note 11
&#8212;The Company&#8217;s revenue comprises sales from commodity contracts that are accounted for under ASC 815
and sales of other products and services that are accounted for under ASC 606
 (ASC 606). Additional information about the Company&#8217;s revenues can be found in Note 28
 - Revenue from commodity contracts primarily relates to forward sales of commodities in the Company&#8217;s Agribusiness segment
 such as soybeans
 soybean meal and oil
 corn and wheat
 which are accounted for as derivatives at fair value under ASC 815. These forward sales meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815 as they have an underlying (e.g. the price of soybeans)
 a notional amount (e.g. metric tons)
 no initial net investment and can be net settled since the commodity is readily convertible to cash. Bunge does not apply the normal purchase and normal sale exception available under ASC 815 to these contracts. Certain of the Company&#8217;s sales in its Edible Oil Products
 Milling Products
 and Sugar and Bioenergy segments also qualify as derivatives
 primarily sales of commodities like bulk soybean and canola oil
Revenue from commodity contracts is recognized in Net sales for the contracted amount when the contracts are settled at a point in time by transferring control of the commodity to the customer
 similarly to revenue recognized from contracts with customers under ASC 606. From inception through settlement
 these forward sales arrangements are recorded at fair value under ASC 815 with unrealized gains and losses recognized in Cost of goods sold and carried on the consolidated balance sheet as Current assets (see Note 6
) or Current liabilities (see Note 13
)
 respectively. Further information about the fair value of these contracts is presented in Note 15
 - Revenue from contracts with customers accounted for under ASC 606 is primarily generated in the Company's Edible Oil Products
 Milling Products
 Sugar and Bioenergy and Fertilizer segments through the sale of refined edible oil-based products such as packaged vegetable oils
 shortenings
 margarines and mayonnaise; milled grain products such as wheat flours
 bakery mixes
 corn-based products
 and rice; certain sugar and bioenergy products; and fertilizer products. These sales are accounted for under ASC 606 as these sales arrangements do not meet the aforementioned criteria to be considered derivatives under ASC 815. These revenues are measured based on consideration specified in a contract with a customer
 and exclude sales taxes
 discounts related to promotional programs and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Company recognizes revenue from these contracts at a point in time when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of a product to a customer
 generally when legal title and risks and rewards transfer to the customer. Sales terms provide for transfer of title either at the time and point of shipment or at the time and point of delivery and acceptance of the product being sold. In contracts that do not specify the timing of transfer of legal title or transfer of significant risks and rewards of ownership
 judgment is required in determining the timing of transfer of control. In such cases
The transaction price is generally allocated to performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. Standalone selling prices are estimated based on observable data of the Company&#8217;s sales of such products and services to similar customers and in similar circumstances on a standalone basis.&#160;In assessing whether to allocate variable consideration to a specific part of the contract
Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue producing transaction
 that are collected by the Company from a customer
Payment is generally due at the time of shipment or delivery
 or within a specified time frame after shipment or delivery
Additionally
&#8212;Bunge maintains equity incentive plans for its employees and non-employee directors (see Note&#160;26
&#8212;Income tax expenses and benefits are recognized based on the tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which Bunge's subsidiaries operate. Under Bermuda law
 Bunge is not required to pay taxes in Bermuda on either income or capital gains. The provision for income taxes includes income taxes currently payable and deferred income taxes arising as a result of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities in Bunge's financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by valuation allowances if current evidence does not suggest that the deferred tax asset will be realized. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in Income tax (expense) benefit in the consolidated statements of income (see Note&#160;14
 
December&#160;31
 2019
 
&#8212;In June 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13
 
 which introduces a new accounting model
 referred to as the current expected credit losses (CECL) model
 for estimating credit losses on certain financial instruments and expands the disclosure requirements for estimating such credit losses. Under the new model
 an entity is required to estimate the credit losses expected over the life of an exposure (or pool of exposures). The guidance also amends the current impairment model for debt securities classified as available-for-sale securities. The new guidance will be effective for Bunge starting January 1
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
Income Taxes (Topic 740)-Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
0. The amendments also improve consistent application of and simplify U.S. GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing guidance. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
&#8212;On January 1
 2019 the Company adopted ASU 2016-02
. Under the new provisions
 all leases
 except short-term leases
 are recognized on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the obligation to make payments under such leases. The Company elected the amended transition approach provided by ASU 2018-11

 which allows entities to apply the guidance as of the date of initial application by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening Retained earnings
 with no retrospective adjustments. The Company also elected the package of practical expedients that permits the Company to not reassess under the new standard prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification
 and initial direct costs
 as well as the practical expedient to not separate lease components from non-lease components in accounting for all classes of underlying assets. Upon adoption
1
 of operating lease liabilities. Included in Operating lease assets at January 1
On January 1
 2019 the Company adopted ASU 2018-02
reclassification from Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) to Retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). Consequently
 the ASU eliminates the stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Act and will improve the usefulness of information reported to financial statement users. However
 because this ASU only relates to the reclassification of the income tax effects of the Tax Act
 the underlying guidance that requires that the effect of a change in tax laws or rates be included in Income (loss) from continuing operations is not affected. The Company's stranded tax effects relate to unrecognized costs associated with certain pension plans for which the tax benefit was initially recorded to AOCI. Absent this ASU
 the Company's policy is to release stranded tax effects upon the pension plans' termination. Upon the adoption of this ASU
 the Company elected to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Act
On January 1
 2019 the Company adopted ASU 2017-04
. The new guidance eliminates Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Instead the Company performs its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. The Company would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&#8217;s fair value; however
In July 2017
 the Company announced a comprehensive global competitiveness program to improve its cost position and deliver increased value to shareholders (the &#8220;Global Competitiveness Program&#8221; or GCP).   The GCP was fully implemented by the end of 2019
 and has reduced the Company&#8217;s overhead costs.  The Company identified key elements of its strategy to meet this goal
 including adopting a zero-based budgeting process that will target excess costs in specific budget categories and improving efficiency and scalability by simplifying organizational structures
 streamlining processes and consolidating back office functions globally
 including the relocation of the Company&#8217;s global headquarters. As part of the GCP
 Bunge offered a voluntary early retirement program to certain U.S. based salaried employees. Costs associated with the early retirement program are reflected in severance and other employee benefit costs for the year ended December&#160;31
 2017. In conjunction with the GCP
The table below sets forth
 by type and segment
December&#160;31
 2019
 
In addition to the above charges
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 and 2017 
 
 and 
 respectively
 of the above costs were recorded in Cost of goods sold (COGS) and 
 
 and 
 respectively
 were recorded in Selling
The following table sets forth the activity affecting the liability for severance and other employee benefit costs related to the GCP and other associated initiatives
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
The Company's portfolio rationalization initiatives may include the sale or disposal of long-lived assets and certain other investments
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 and 2017
1
761
 
 respectively
 of such charges have been recognized. Non-cash charges in 2019
 including impairment and a loss on sale
1
524
 recorded in COGS
 recorded in Other income (expense)-net
 and 
 recorded in SG&amp;A
 relate to the formation of a joint venture involving the company's sugar and bioenergy operations in Brazil
 as further discussed below. Additional non-cash impairment charges of 
 recorded in SG&amp;A
 primarily relate to operating lease assets and leasehold improvements associated with the relocation of the company's global headquarters
 of non-cash impairment charges
 recorded in COGS
 relate to PP&amp;E and intangible assets subject to portfolio rationalization initiatives. The Company also incurred a loss on the sale of an equity method investment of 
December&#160;31
 2019
1
590
 
 
 
 were recorded in the company's Sugar and Bioenergy
 Agribusiness
 Edible Oils Products
 Milling Products
 and Fertilizer segments
On December 2
 2019
 the Company and BP  completed the formation of BP Bunge Bioenergia
 the Brazilian bioenergy joint venture that combines their Brazilian bioenergy and sugarcane ethanol businesses. Pursuant to the business combination agreement
 in the transaction
 in respect of non-recourse debt of the Company assumed by the joint venture at closing
 from BP
 before customary closing adjustments. The Company used the proceeds to reduce outstanding indebtedness under its credit facilities. The joint venture agreements provide for certain exit rights of the parties
 from closing
In connection with its entry into the business contribution agreement
 the Company classified the assets and liabilities to be transferred to the joint venture under the business contribution agreement as held for sale in its condensed
 consolidated financial statements in the quarter ended September 30
 2019. Accordingly
 the Company recorded those assets and liabilities at fair value
 less estimated transaction costs. As a result of the classification as held for sale
 the Company recognized an impairment charge in its Sugar and Bioenergy segment
 principally related to the recognition of cumulative currency translation effects
1
524
 recorded in COGS
 in the quarter ended September 30
December&#160;31
March&#160;1
 (the acquisition date)
&#160;in cash. The transaction expands Bunge's value-added capabilities
 reach
 and scale across core geographies to establish Bunge as a global leader in business-to-business (or B2B) oil solutions. The Loders portfolio includes a full range of palm and tropical oil-derived products with strength in confectionery
The following table summarizes the allocation of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date
Property
1
The fair value of the identifiable intangible assets was determined primarily using the &#8220;income approach
&#8221; which requires a forecast of all the expected future cash flows either using the multi-period excess earnings method or the relief-from-royalty method. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in the development of intangible asset values include: the amount and timing of projected future cash flows
 the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows
 and the assessment of the intangible asset&#8217;s life cycle
The following table provides the details of other intangible assets acquired
 stake in Loders
The amounts of revenue and earnings of Loders included in Bunge's consolidated statement of income from the acquisition date to December 31
1
The following represents the unaudited supplemental pro forma results of the combined entity as if Loders was acquired on January 1
Year Ended December 31
46
47
The supplemental pro forma amounts for Income (loss) from continuing operations above have been adjusted to reflect additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to Property
 plant and equipment and Other intangible assets had been applied on January 1
 2017. Additionally
 of senior notes issued in connection with the acquisition
 as if such issuance occurred on January 1
 2017. Supplemental pro forma Income (loss) from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 of acquisition and integration related costs incurred in 2018
Supplemental pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the Company's actual results of operations if the acquisition had been completed at the date indicated
On January 30
 2018
. As a result of the transaction
 allocated to Property
 plant and equipment
 to finite-lived Other intangible assets
 to other net assets and liabilities
 to Goodwill
On December 2
 2019
 Bunge and BP plc completed the formation of BP Bunge Bioenergia
 a Brazilian bioenergy joint venture. As part of the transaction
 in the transaction
 in respect of non-recourse debt of the Company assumed by the joint venture at closing
 from BP
 before customary closing adjustments. As a result of this transaction
On December 20
 2019
 products. The completion of the sale is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close during 2020. In connection with this agreement
 the Company has classified the assets and liabilities to be sold as held for sale in its consolidated financial statements as of December 31

 respectively
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31
Property
 plant
 and equipment
Other intangible assets
December&#160;31
 2019
 net returns from these activities were 
 respectively
 and were included as a reduction of cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. These activities include programs under which Bunge generally obtains U.S. dollar-denominated letters of credit (&#8220;LCs&#8221;)
 each based on an underlying commodity trade flow
 from financial institutions and time deposits denominated in either the local currency of the financial institutions' counterparties or in U.S. dollars
 as well as foreign exchange forward contracts
 and other programs in which trade related payables are set-off against receivables
December&#160;31
 2019
3
4
729
 respectively
 were presented net on the consolidated balance sheets as the criteria of ASC 210-20
 
December&#160;31
 2019
 time deposits
 including those presented on a net basis
 carried weighted-average interest rates of 
December&#160;31
 2019
 
3
318
4
8
174
Inventories by segment are presented below. Readily marketable inventories (&#8220;RMI&#8221;) are agricultural commodity inventories
 such as soybeans
 soybean meal
 soybean oil
 corn and wheat
 carried at fair value because of their commodity characteristics
 widely available markets
 and international pricing mechanisms. The Company engages in trading and distribution
 or merchandising activities
December 31
4
4
5
5
3
4
December&#160;31
 2019
2
3
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 2019
 respectively. Of these amounts
December&#160;31
 2019
December 31
Unrealized gains on derivative contracts
1
Secured advances to suppliers
Recoverable taxes
Marketable securities
 at fair value
3
3
Bunge provides cash advances to suppliers
 primarily Brazilian soybean farmers
 to finance a portion of the suppliers' production costs. Bunge does not bear any of the costs or operational risks associated with growing the related crops. The advances are largely collateralized by future crops and physical assets of the suppliers
 carry a local market interest rate
 at December&#160;31
 and December&#160;31
 
 respectively.  
 
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 respectively
&#8212;Bunge invests in foreign government securities
 corporate debt securities
 deposits
 equity securities
December 31
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 respectively
 of marketable securities and other short-term investments are recorded at fair value. All other investments are recorded at cost
investments
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
PROPERTY
Property
December 31
2
2
4
5
Furniture
8
9
4
4
Total property
 plant and equipment
4
5
201
 
December 31

 
 respectively. Included in these capitalized expenditures was capitalized interest on construction in progress of 
 
December 31

 
 respectively. Depreciation and depletion expense was 
December 31

 
Bunge performs its annual goodwill impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. If events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses
 the Company performs an impairment analysis at that date. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate
 legal factors
 operating performance indicators
 competition
 or sale or disposition of a significant asset. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill
 the Company: (1) verifies there are no changes to its reporting units with goodwill balances; (2) allocates goodwill to its various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determines the carrying value
 or book value
 of its reporting units; (4) estimates the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value
 the Company recognizes an impairment charge for such amount
Critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include
 but are not limited to
 assumptions about variables such as commodity prices
 crop and related throughput and production volumes
 profitability
 future capital expenditures and discount rates
December 31
Goodwill
1
Balance
 December&#160;31
 2017
Goodwill
1
Balance
 December&#160;31
 2018
Goodwill
Balance
 December&#160;31
 2019
Edible Oils goodwill relates to the Loders acquisition and the Milling Products goodwill relates to the Minsa USA acquisition. See Note 3
Business acquisitions and dispositions
During the fourth quarter of 2019
 the Company recorded an impairment charge related to the goodwill of its Loders reporting unit. The impairment resulted from a downward revision of forecasted future cash flows
 as during 2019
 the Loders reporting unit did not achieve its forecasted earnings targets due to operational delays at certain facilities
 as well as delays in realizing certain expected synergies from the acquisition. The fair value of the Loders reporting unit was determined based on a weighted-average discounted cash flow model
 comprising different scenarios and assumptions of the long-term revenues
 costs
 synergies
 growth rates
During 2019
 the Company contributed its Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations into a joint venture with BP
 forming BP Bunge Bioenergia. As such
 historical goodwill
 gross of impairments
December 31
Other intangible assets
 net
 of customer relationships
 of patents
 of brands and trademarks
 other intangible assets
 as part of the Loders and Minsa USA acquisitions. Bunge allocated 
December 31

 
 for 2020 through 2024. During 2019
December&#160;31
 2019
 Bunge recorded pre-tax
1
825
 of which 
1
 are recorded in SG&amp;A
 COGS
 and Other income (expense)&#8212;net (Other)
 respectively
1
 relating to the contribution of the Company's Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to the newly formed BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture
 relating to the impairment of property
 plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
 primarily associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives
 related to a goodwill impairment charge associated with the acquisition of Loders
 related to the relocation of the Company's global headquarters
1
 to Sugar and Bioenergy
 to Edible Oils
 to Agribusiness
 to Milling
December&#160;31
 2018
 Bunge recorded pre-tax
 impairment charges of 
 of which 
 are recorded in SG&amp;A
 COGS
 and Other
 respectively
 relating to the impairment of property
 plant and equipment at a port in Poland
  in the Agribusiness segment
 write-off of various machinery and equipment in Brazil
 related to the Sugar and Bioenergy segment
December&#160;31
 2017
 of which 
 are in SG&amp;A
 COGS
 and Other
 respectively
 related to the impairment of property
 plant and equipment of feedmills in China
 a port in Poland and various machinery and equipment in Brazil
 primarily in the Agribusiness segment
 investments in affiliates in the Agribusiness and Sugar and Bioenergy segments
The fair values of the assets were determined utilizing discounted future expected cash flows
 and in the case of equity method investments
The Company records its interest in the net earnings of its equity method investees
 along with the amortization of basis differences
 within Other income (expense) - net
 in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Basis differences represent differences between the cost of the investment and the underlying equity in net assets of the investment
 and are amortized over the lives of the related assets that gave rise to them. At December 31
 2019
 the aggregate of all basis differences was a credit of 
December 31
 ownership interest in an oilseed processing facility joint venture with Louis Dreyfus Company and Aceitera General Deheza&#160;S.A. (AGD)
 ownership interest in G3 Global Holding&#160;GP&#160;Inc.
 ownership interest in Tapajos
 a joint venture with Amaggi Exporta&#231;ao E Importa&#231;ao&#160;to operate inland waterway transportation between the municipalities of Itaituba and Barcarena
 ownership interest in TGG
 a joint venture with Amaggi International Ltd. to operate a port terminal in Santos
 Brazil
 for the reception
 ownership interest in TFN
 a joint venture with Amaggi Exporta&#231;ao E Importa&#231;ao to operate a port terminal in Barcarena
Bunge has a joint venture
 Terminal 6&#160;S.A.
 in Argentina with AGD for the operation of a port facility located in the Santa Fe province of Argentina. Bunge is also a party to a second joint venture with AGD
 Terminal 6 Industrial&#160;S.A.
 that operates a crushing facility located adjacent to the port facility. Bunge owns 
 respectively
 ownership in VAH
 an oilseed processing facility joint venture with Wilmar International Limited (Wilmar) and Quang Dung
 a leading Vietnamese soybean meal distributor
 ownership interest in BP Bunge Bioenergia
 a joint venture with BP plc
 a leading company in the ethanol
 biopower
Summarized financial information
 combined
December 31
1
3
1
5
2
1
2
3
1
Years ended December 31
3
3
2
December 31
Recoverable taxes
Long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil
Recoverable taxes
December 31

&#8212;Judicial deposits are funds that Bunge has placed on deposit with the courts in Brazil. These funds are held in judicial escrow related to certain legal proceedings pending legal resolution and bear interest at the SELIC rate
Long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil
&#8212;Bunge provides financing to farmers in Brazil
December 31

December 31
December 31
Year Ended December 31
December 31
1
2
2
Bunge operates globally and is subject to the tax laws and regulations of numerous tax jurisdictions and authorities
 as well as tax agreements and treaties among these jurisdictions. Bunge's income tax provision is impacted by
 among other factors
 changes in tax laws
 regulations
 agreements and treaties
 currency exchange rates
Year Ended December&#160;31
1
1
Year Ended December&#160;31
Year Ended December&#160;31
1
Equity distributions
December&#160;31
1
1
Deferred tax assets
Property
As of December 31
 2019
 and accordingly
 no provision for income taxes has been made. If these earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise
At December&#160;31
 2019
2
011
1
 have no expiration
 in Brazil. While loss carryforwards in Brazil can be carried forward indefinitely
 of taxable income calculated on an entity by entity basis as Brazil tax law does not allow consolidated tax filings. As a result
.  At December 31
 2018
2
909
2
 had no expiration
1
As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 Bunge has recorded valuation allowances of 
&#8212;ASC Topic 740 requires applying a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. Accordingly
likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 in Current liabilities in its consolidated balance sheets. During 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 Bunge recognized 
 of interest and penalty charges in Income tax expense (benefit) in the consolidated statements of income. At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
Balance at January&#160;1
Balance at December&#160;31
Bunge
 through its subsidiaries
As of December 31
 2019
5
1
)
) as of December 31
In addition
 as of December 31
 2019
1
)
6
Management
 in consultation with external legal advisors
Bunge made cash income tax payments
 net of refunds received
 of 
 during the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
On&#160;December&#160;22
 2017
 H.R. 1
 commonly known as the &#8220;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act&#8221; (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;) was signed into U.S. law.&#160; As a result of the Tax Act and in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (&#8220;SAB 118&#8221;)
&#160;in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the one-time transition tax (&#8220;Transition Tax&#8221;)
revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities
In the fourth quarter of 2018
 Bunge completed its analysis of the impact of the Tax Act in conjunction with filing of its 2017 U.S. income tax return
 assessment of additional&#160;documentation to determine the Transition Tax
 and analysis of U.S.  Treasury guidance on the Tax Act.&#160;As a result
 Bunge recorded a tax benefit of&#160;
Bunge's various financial instruments include certain components of working capital such as trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable. Additionally
 Bunge uses short and long-term debt to fund operating requirements. Trade accounts receivable
 trade accounts payable
 and short-term debt are stated at their carrying value
 for trade structured finance program
 for long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil
 net and other long-term investments
8 for long-term debt
 for employee benefit plans. Bunge's financial instruments also include derivative instruments and marketable securities
For a definition of fair value and the associated fair value levels
 refer to Note 1
Nature of Business
The following table sets forth
 by level
December 31
December 31
3
3
4
4
4
5
5
5
1
1
1
December 31
December 31

December 31
December 31

&#8212;RMI reported at fair value are valued based on commodity futures exchange quotations
 broker or dealer quotations
 or market transactions in either listed or OTC markets with appropriate adjustments for differences in local markets where the Company's inventories are located. In such cases
 the inventory is classified within Level&#160;2. Certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. In such cases
If the Company used different methods or factors to determine fair values
 amounts reported as unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts and RMI at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of income could differ. Additionally
 if market conditions change subsequent to the reporting date
&#8212;The majority of exchange traded futures and options contracts and exchange cleared contracts are valued based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and are classified within Level&#160;1. The majority of the Company&#8217;s exchange-traded agricultural commodity futures are cash-settled on a daily basis and
 therefore
 are not included in these tables. The Company's forward commodity purchase and sale contracts are classified as derivatives along with other OTC derivative instruments relating primarily to freight
 energy
 foreign exchange and interest rates
 and are classified within Level&#160;2 or Level&#160;3 as described below. The Company estimates fair values based on exchange quoted prices
 adjusted as appropriate for differences in local markets. These differences are generally valued using inputs from broker or dealer quotations
 or market transactions in either the listed or OTC markets. In such cases
OTC derivative contracts include swaps
 options and structured transactions that are generally fair valued using quantitative models that require the use of multiple market inputs including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets which are not highly active
 other observable inputs relevant to the asset or liability
 and market inputs corroborated by correlation or other means. These valuation models include inputs such as interest rates
 prices and indices to generate continuous yield or pricing curves and volatility factors. Where observable inputs are available for substantially the full term of the asset or liability
Marketable securities and investments are comprised of government treasury securities
&#8212;The significant unobservable inputs resulting in Level&#160;3 classification for RMI
 physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts
 and trade accounts payable
 relate to certain management estimations regarding costs of transportation and other local market or location-related adjustments
 primarily freight related adjustments in the interior of Brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in Canada. In both situations
 the Company uses proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight
&#8212;Level&#160;3 derivative instruments utilize both market observable and unobservable inputs within the fair value measurements. These inputs include commodity prices
 price volatility
 interest rates
December 31
Year Ended December 31
Derivatives
Balance
 January&#160;1
2
1
2
2
Balance
 December&#160;31
Readily marketable inventories
 derivatives
 net and trade accounts payable
 include gains/(losses) of 
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
Year Ended December 31
Derivatives
Balance
 January&#160;1
1
1
2
2
Balance
 December&#160;31
Readily marketable inventories
 derivatives
 net and trade accounts payable
 includes gains/(losses) of 
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
The Company uses derivative instruments to manage several market risks
 such as interest rate
 foreign currency rate
 and commodity risk. Some of those hedges the Company enters into qualify for hedge accounting in the financial statements (Hedge Accounting Derivatives) and some
 while intended as economic hedges
hedge accounting (Economic Hedge Derivatives). As these derivatives impact the financial statements in different ways
The Company uses derivatives in qualifying hedge accounting relationships to manage certain of its interest rate
 foreign currency
 and commodity risks. In executing these hedge strategies
 the Company primarily relies on the shortcut and critical terms match methods in designing its hedge accounting strategy
 - These derivatives are used to hedge the effect of interest rate and currency exchange rate changes on certain long-term debt. Under fair value hedge accounting
 the derivative is measured at fair value and the carrying value of hedged debt is adjusted for the change in value related to the exposure being hedged
 with both adjustments offset to earnings. In other words
 the earnings effect of an increase in the fair value of the derivative will be substantially offset by the earnings effect of the increase in the carrying value of the hedged debt. The net impact of fair value hedge accounting for interest rate swaps is recognized in Interest expense. For cross currency swaps the changes in currency risk on the derivative are recognized in Foreign exchange gains (losses)
- The Company manages currency risk on certain forecasted purchases
 sales
 and selling
 general and administrative expenses with currency forwards. The change in the value of the forward is classified in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the transaction affects earnings
 at which time the change in value of the currency forward is reclassified to Net sales
 Cost of goods sold or Selling
. Of the amount currently in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
- The Company manages commodity price risk on certain forecasted purchases and sales with commodity futures. The change in the value of the future is classified in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the transaction affects earnings
 at which time the change in value of the commodity future is reclassified to Net sales or Cost of goods sold. At December 31
 2019
 - The Company hedges the currency risk of certain of its foreign subsidiaries with currency forwards and intercompany loans for which the currency risk is remeasured through Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). For currency forwards
The table below provides information about the balance sheet values of hedged items and the notional amount of derivatives used in hedging strategies. The notional amount of the derivative is the number of units of the underlying (for example
December&#160;31
December 31
2
2
2
2
1
In addition to using derivatives in qualifying hedge relationships
The Company uses energy derivative instruments to manage its exposure to volatility in energy costs. Hedges may be entered into for natural gas
 electricity
 coal and fuel oil
The Company may also enter into other derivatives
 including credit default swaps and equity derivatives to manage exposure to credit risk and broader macroeconomic risks
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. For those contracts traded bilaterally through the over-the-counter markets (e.g.
 forwards
 forward rate agreements (FRA) and swaps)
 the gross position is provided. For exchange traded (e.g.
 futures
 FFAs and options) and cleared positions (e.g.
 energy swaps)
December 31
December 31
4
3
7
9
13
13
27
914
25
321
25
523
29
314
1
114
9
908
1
960
4
136
115
718
215
1
205
2
802
2
268
5
534
5
536
29
239
188
December&#160;31
 2019
Year Ended December 31
 Other includes the results from freight
Bunge's short-term borrowings are typically sourced from various banking institutions and the U.S. commercial paper market. Bunge also borrows from time to time in local currencies in various foreign jurisdictions. Interest expense includes facility commitment fees
 amortization of deferred financing costs
December&#160;31
 2019
December 31
Unsecured
 of local currency borrowings in certain Central and Eastern European
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
Bunge's commercial paper program is supported by committed back-up bank credit lines (the &#8216;&#8216;Liquidity Facility&#8217;&#8217;) equal to the amount of the commercial paper program provided by lending institutions that are required to be rated at least A-1 by Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s and P-1 by Moody&#8217;s Investor Services. The cost of borrowing under the Liquidity Facility would typically be higher than the cost of issuance under our commercial paper program. At December 31
 2019
In addition to the committed facilities discussed above
 from time-to-time
December&#160;31
 2019
 borrowings outstanding under these bilateral short-term credit lines. Loans under such credit lines are non-callable by the respective lenders. In addition
December&#160;31
December 31
4
4
3
4
(1)   On December 16
 2019
 Bunge extended the existing 
 scheduled to mature on December 12
 2020
 additional years
 to December 12
On July 1
 2019
 Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of December 12
 2014
 which extends the maturity date to July 1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
The fair values of long-term debt
December 31
December 31
Long-term debt
4
4
4
4
On December 16
 2019
 revolving credit facility entered into on December 12
 2017 (as amended by the Amendment and Restatement Agreement
 the &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;)
 adding a sustainability-linked mechanism to the facility. Through the sustainability-linked mechanism
 the interest rate under the Revolving Credit Facility is tied to five sustainability performance targets that highlight and measure Bunge&#8217;s continued advancement of its sustainability initiatives across the following three areas: 1) reducing greenhouse gas emissions by improving industrial efficiency; 2) increasing traceability for main agricultural commodities; and 3) supporting increasing levels of adoption of sustainable practices across the wider soybean and palm supply chain. Bunge may from time to time
 with the consent of the agent
 pursuant to an accordion provision set forth in the Revolving Credit Facility. Pursuant to the Amendment and Restatement Agreement
 the Revolving Credit Facility will mature on December 12
 2022. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin
 which will vary from 
 of the margin specified above
 borrowings outstanding at December 31
 2019
In November 2019
 credit facility maturing in May 2023 was converted into a term loan and then transferred to the recently formed joint venture
 BP Bunge Bioenergia
December&#160;31
 2019
4
Certain property
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
4
Bunge's credit facilities and certain senior notes require it to comply with specified financial covenants related to minimum net worth
 minimum current ratio
 a maximum debt to capitalization ratio
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 Bunge paid interest
 net of interest capitalized
 of 
 
Bunge and certain of its subsidiaries participate in a trade receivables securitization program (the Program) with a financial institution
 as administrative agent
 and certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (collectively
 against receivables sold into the Program. The Program is designed to enhance Bunge's financial flexibility by providing an additional source of liquidity for its operations. In connection with the Program
 certain of Bunge's U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries that originate trade receivables may sell eligible receivables in their entirety on a revolving basis to a consolidated bankruptcy remote special purpose entity
 Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V. (BSBV) formed under the laws of the Netherlands. BSBV in turn sells such purchased trade receivables to the administrative agent (acting on behalf of the Purchasers) pursuant to a receivables transfer agreement. In connection with these sales of accounts receivable
 Bunge receives a portion of the proceeds up front and an additional amount upon the collection of the underlying receivables
Koninklijke Bunge&#160;B.V.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Bunge
 acts as master servicer
May&#160;26
The trade receivables sold under the program are subject to specified eligibility criteria
 including eligible currencies
limits. On February 19
 2019
December 31
Years Ended December 31
10
9
10
9
9
9
8
9
9
Bunge's risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables is limited to the deferred purchase price (the DPP)
 included in Other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets (see Note&#160;6). The DPP will be repaid in cash as receivables are collected
. Delinquencies and credit losses on trade receivables sold under the Program during the years ended December&#160;31
 
Certain United States
 Canadian
 European
 Asian and Brazilian-based subsidiaries of Bunge sponsor defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all employees of the subsidiaries. The plans provide benefits primarily based on participant salaries and lengths of service. The funding policies for Bunge's defined benefit pension plans are determined in accordance with statutory funding requirements. The most significant defined benefit plan is in the United States. 
 Bunge's Swiss defined benefit pension plan changed its local pension provider
 increase in benefit obligation as of the year ended December 31
On September&#160;19
 2017
 Bunge approved changes to certain U.S. defined benefit pension plans. These changes freeze the plans for future benefit accruals effective January&#160;1
 2023
 and these plans are closed for participation for employees hired on or after January&#160;1
 2018. As a result
 Bunge remeasured the projected benefit obligations for these plans as of September&#160;30
 remeasurement loss
 recorded in Other comprehensive income
 at September&#160;30
In addition
 in 2017
 of additional defined benefit expenses relating to the program as of December&#160;31
 2017
Service cost is recognized in a period determined as the&#160;actuarial present value of benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to services rendered by employees during that period. Interest cost is the amount recognized in a period determined as the increase in the projected benefit obligation due to the passage of time. The expected return on plan assets is determined based on the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the market-related value of plan assets. Amortization of net loss represents the recognition in net periodic cost over several periods of amounts previously recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss). Service cost is included in the same income statement line item as other compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period
 while the other components of net periodic benefit pension cost are presented separately in Other income (expense)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
At December&#160;31
 
 postretirement benefit plan measurement purposes
 by 2038
 and remaining at that level thereafter. At December&#160;31
 
 postretirement benefit plan measurement purposes
 by 2038
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
In estimating the expected long-term rate of return on assets
 appropriate consideration is given to historical performance for the major asset classes held
 or anticipated to be held
 by the applicable plan trusts and to current forecasts of future rates of return for those asset classes. Cash flows and expenses are taken into consideration to the extent that the expected returns would be affected by them. As assets are generally held in qualified trusts
March&#160;1
 Loders acquisition
 increase in the fair value of plan assets during the year ended December 31
 significant transfers into or out of Bunge's employee benefit plans during the year ended December&#160;31
For the year ended December 31
 
 there were settlements to Bunge's Swiss defined benefit pension plan as a result of the GCP
 decrease in benefit obligation
 and a change to a defined contribution plan
 significant settlements in Bunge's employee benefit plans during the year ended December&#160;31
The following table sets forth in aggregate the changes in the defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans' benefit obligations
 assets and funded status at December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Actuarial (gain) loss
1
1
1
Included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for pension benefits at December&#160;31
 
 net of tax) and unrecognized actuarial loss of 
Included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for postretirement healthcare benefits at December&#160;31
 
December&#160;31
1
1
1
1
December&#160;31
 and 2018
December&#160;31
1
1
&#8212;The objectives of the plans' trust funds are to sufficiently diversify plan assets to maintain a reasonable level of risk without imprudently sacrificing returns
 equities. Bunge implements its investment strategy through a combination of indexed mutual funds and a proprietary portfolio of fixed income securities. Bunge's policy is not to invest plan assets in Bunge Limited shares. Plan investments are stated at fair value. For a further definition of fair value and the associated fair value levels
The fair values of Bunge's defined benefit pension plans' assets at the measurement date
 by category
December 31
1
1
December 31
This category represents a portfolio of equity investments comprised of equity index funds that invest in U.S. equities and non-U.S. equities. The U.S. equities are comprised of investments focusing on large
 mid and small cap companies and non-U.S. equities are comprised of international
 emerging markets
This category represents a portfolio of fixed income investments in mutual funds comprised of investment grade U.S. government bonds and notes
 foreign government bonds
This category represents a portfolio consisting of a mixture of hedge funds
 bonds
 to its defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans
 respectively
The following benefit payments
 which reflect future service as appropriate
 are expected to be paid related to defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans:
 during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 of total Cost of goods sold in each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 of total Net sales in each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
In addition
 Bunge receives services from and provides services to its unconsolidated investees
 including tolling
 port handling
 administrative support
 and other services. During the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 receivables and payables related to the above related party transactions
 and included in Trade accounts receivable and Trade accounts payable
 respectively
Bunge is party to claims and lawsuits
 primarily non-income tax and labor claims in South America
 arising in the normal course of business. Bunge is also involved from time to time in various contract
 antitrust
 environmental litigation and remediation and other litigation
 claims
 government investigations and legal proceedings. The ability to predict the ultimate outcome of such matters involves judgments
 estimates and inherent uncertainties. Bunge records liabilities related to legal matters when the exposure item becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Bunge management does not expect these matters to have a material adverse effect on Bunge&#8217;s financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity. However
December&#160;31
December 31
 These tax claims relate to claims against Bunge&#8217;s Brazilian subsidiaries
 primarily value-added tax claims (ICMS
 ISS
 IPI and PIS/COFINS). The determination of the manner in which various Brazilian federal
 state and municipal taxes apply to the operations of Bunge is subject to different interpretations arising from the complex nature of Brazilian tax law. In addition to the matter discussed below
 Bunge monitors other potential claims in Brazil regarding these value-added taxes. In particular
 Bunge monitors the Brazilian federal and state governments&#8217; responses to recent Brazilian Supreme Court decisions invalidating on constitutional grounds certain ICMS incentives and benefits granted by various states. While Bunge was not a recipient of any of the incentives and benefits that were the subject of these Supreme Court decisions
 it has received other similar tax incentives and benefits which are being challenged before the Supreme Court. In August 2017
 Complementary Law 160/2017 (&#8220;LC 160/2017&#8221;) was published
 authorizing the states
 through an agreement to be reached within the framework of CONFAZ (National Council of Fiscal Policy)
 to grant amnesty for tax debts arising from existing tax benefits granted without previous CONFAZ authorization and to maintain such existing benefits still in force for up to 15 years. In December 2017
 Interstate Agreement ICMS 190/2017 was published to regulate Complementary Law 160/2017
 which endorsed the past incentives granted by the Brazilian states at CONFAZ. The states have validated their incentives in accordance with this legislation. Considering that Bunge has not received any tax assessment from the states that granted these incentives or benefits related to their validity and
 based on Bunge's evaluation of this matter as required by U.S. GAAP
On February 13
 2015
 Brazil&#8217;s Supreme Federal Court ruled in a leading case that certain state ICMS tax credits for staple foods (including soy oil
 margarine
 mayonnaise and wheat flours) are unconstitutional. Bunge
 like other companies in the Brazilian food industry
 is involved in several administrative and judicial disputes with Brazilian states regarding these tax credits. While the leading case does not involve Bunge the leading case decision will be a precedent and should be applicable to Bunge and other companies. Based on management&#8217;s review of the ruling and its general application to Bunge&#8217;s pending cases
 management recorded a liability in the fourth quarter of 2014. Since 2015
 Bunge settled a portion of its outstanding liabilities in amnesty programs in certain Brazilian states. In October 2019
December&#160;31
 2019
December 31
Since 2010
 the Argentine tax authorities have been conducting a review of income and other taxes paid by exporters and processors of cereals and other agricultural commodities in the country. In that regard
 Bunge has been subject to a number of assessments
 proceedings
 and claims related to its activities. During 2011
 of accrued export tax obligations under protest and preserved its rights with respect to such payment.  In 2012
 the Argentine government suspended Bunge&#8217;s Argentine subsidiary from a registry of grain traders. While the suspension has not had a material adverse effect on Bunge&#8217;s business in Argentina
 &#8212; The labor claims are principally claims against Bunge&#8217;s Brazilian subsidiaries. The labor claims primarily relate to dismissals
 severance
 health and safety
 &#8212; The civil and other claims relate to various disputes with third parties
During the first quarter of 2017
 of its employees
 certain of its former employees
 several other companies in the Brazilian wheat milling industry
 and others for alleged anticompetitive activities in the north and northeast of Brazil. Additionally
 in the second quarter of 2018
 Bunge received a notification from CADE that it has extended the scope of an existing administrative proceeding relating to alleged anticompetitive practices in the Rio Grande port in Brazil to include certain of Bunge's Brazilian subsidiaries and certain former employees of those subsidiaries.  Bunge is defending against these actions; however
 the proceedings are at an early stage and Bunge cannot
 at this time
 reasonably predict the ultimate outcome of the proceedings or sanctions
 if any
December&#160;31
. There are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable Bunge to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. In addition
December&#160;31
 2019
 Bunge's potential liability was 
December&#160;31
 2019
 Bunge's maximum potential future payments under these performance guarantees was 
December&#160;31
 2019
Bunge Limited has provided a guaranty to the Director of the Illinois Department of Agriculture as Trustee for Bunge North America
&#160;Inc. (BNA)
 an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
 which guarantees all amounts due and owing by BNA
In addition
 Bunge Limited has provided full and unconditional parent level guarantees of the outstanding indebtedness under certain credit facilities entered into
December&#160;31
 2019
4
 owned finance subsidiaries
&#8212;At December 31
 2019
 of purchase commitments related to inventories
 of freight supply agreements
 not accounted for as leases
 of power supply contracts
 of contractual commitments related to construction in progress
 other purchase commitments and obligations
 such as take-or-pay contracts
 throughput contracts
 ownership interest in Loders
The Company classifies these redeemable equity securities outside of permanent stockholders&#8217; equity as the equity securities are redeemable at the option of the holder. The carrying amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests is the greater of: (i) the initial carrying amount
 increased or decreased for the noncontrolling interests&#8217; share of net income or loss
 equity capital contributions and distributions or (ii) the redemption value. Any resulting increases in the redemption amount
 in excess of the initial carrying amount
 increased or decreased for the noncontrolling interests&#8217; share of net income or loss
 equity capital contributions and distributions
 are affected by corresponding charges against Retained earnings.  Additionally
&#8212;In May 2015
 of Bunge's issued and outstanding common shares. The program has no expiration date. Bunge did not repurchase any common shares during the year ended December&#160;31
 through December&#160;31
4
707
6
899
683
 cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares (convertible preference shares)
 outstanding at December&#160;31
 per share. As a result of adjustments made to the initial conversion price because cash dividends paid on Bunge Limited's common shares exceeded certain specified thresholds
preference share
8
434
 Bunge Limited common shares at December&#160;31
 of the conversion price of the convertible preference shares
 consecutive trading days (including the last trading day of such period)
. Dividends are cumulative from the date of issuance and are payable
 quarterly in arrears
 on each March&#160;1
 June&#160;1
 September&#160;1 and December&#160;1
 when
 as and if declared by Bunge's Board of Directors. The dividends may be paid in cash
 common shares or a combination thereof. Accumulated but unpaid dividends on the convertible preference shares will not bear interest. In each of the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 of dividends
 paid in cash
September&#160;19
 2017
September&#160;26
January&#160;1
 2023
January&#160;1
. As a result
September&#160;30
Balance January&#160;1
5
5
Balance
 December&#160;31
5
5
1
1
1
1
Balance
 December&#160;31
6
6
1
1
1
1
Balance
 December&#160;31
5
5
Bunge has significant operating subsidiaries in Brazil
 Argentina
 North America
 Europe and Asia-Pacific. The functional currency of Bunge's subsidiaries is generally the local currency. During the second quarter of 
 it was determined that Argentina's economy should be considered highly inflationary
 and as such
July&#160;1
 2018
 to the U.S. Dollar. The assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars from the local currency at month-end exchange rates
Year Ended December&#160;31
(US$ in millions
1
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
1
141
492
140
968
140
365
734
899
141
492
141
703
141
265
077
 stock options and contingently issuable restricted stock units
December 31

 
December 31

 weighted-average common shares that are issuable upon conversion of the convertible preference shares that were not dilutive and not included in the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
For the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 Bunge recognized approximately 
 
 respectively
 of total compensation expense for awards classified as equity awards related to its stock option and restricted stock unit awards.
 
 Bunge granted equity awards under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 EIP)
 a shareholder approved plan. Under the 2016 EIP
 the Compensation Committee of Bunge's Board of Directors may grant equity based awards to officers
 employees
 consultants and independent contractors in the form of stock options
 restricted stock units (performance based or time-vested) or other equity based awards. The 2016 EIP replaced the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2009 EIP)
 also a shareholder approved plan
 under which
 beginning May&#160;26
 2016
 no further awards may be granted. Shares issued under the 2016 EIP may consist
 in whole or in part
 of authorized and unissued shares
 treasury shares or shares reacquired by the Company in any manner
Stock Option Awards&#8212;Options to purchase Bunge Limited common shares are granted with an exercise price equal to the grant date fair market value of Bunge common stock
 vest over service periods that generally range from 
Restricted Stock Units&#8212;Restricted stock units (RSUs) give recipients the right to receive shares of Bunge common stock upon the lapse of related restrictions determined by the Compensation Committee. Restrictions on RSUs may be based on continued service by the recipient through the designated term and/or based on the achievement of certain performance targets. These targets may be financial or market-based
. Vesting may be accelerated under certain circumstances as defined in the plans or associated award agreements. RSUs are generally settled in shares of Bunge common stock upon satisfaction of the applicable vesting terms. Where share settlement may be prohibited under local law
 RSUs are settled in cash. At the time of settlement
Bunge has also established the Bunge Limited 2017 Non-Employee Directors' Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Directors' Plan)
 a shareholder approved plan. Under the 2017 Directors' Plan
 the Compensation Committee may grant equity based awards to non-employee directors of Bunge Limited. Awards may consist of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 deferred restricted stock units and non-statutory stock options. The 2017 Directors' Plan replaced the 2007 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan
Restricted Stock Units&#8212;Restricted stock units granted to non-employee directors generally vest on the first anniversary of the grant date
 provided the director continues to serve on the Board until such date
 and are settled in shares of Bunge Limited common stock. At the time of settlement
The fair value of each stock option granted under any of Bunge's equity incentive plans is estimated on the grant date using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model. Assumptions for the prior three years are noted in the following table. The expected volatility of Bunge's common shares is a weighted average of historical volatility calculated using the daily closing price of Bunge's shares up to the grant date and implied volatilities on open option contracts on Bunge's stock as of the grant date. Bunge uses historical employee exercise behavior for valuation purposes. The expected option term of granted options represents the period of time that the granted options are expected to be outstanding based on historical experience and giving consideration for the contractual terms
December 31
A summary of option activity under the plans for the year ended December&#160;31
Outstanding at January&#160;1
6
122
1
163
332
1
144
Outstanding at December&#160;31
5
808
Exercisable at December&#160;31
4
542
The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 
At December&#160;31
 
A summary of restricted stock unit activity under Bunge's plans for the year ended December&#160;31
Restricted stock units at January&#160;1
1
873
1
208
518
763
Restricted stock units at December&#160;31
1
799
Includes accrued unvested dividends
During the year ended December&#160;31
 
369
 common shares
 net of common shares withheld to cover taxes
 including related common shares representing accrued dividends
 per share. During the year ended December&#160;31
 
31
 performance-based restricted stock units vested. During the year ended December&#160;31
 
454
The fair value of RSU awards is determined based on the market value of the Company's shares on the grant date. The weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 
At December&#160;31
 
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units granted under the equity incentive plans
. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the year ended December&#160;31
120
5
800
 common shares
 respectively
 are to be reserved for grants of stock options
 restricted stock units and other awards under the plans. At December&#160;31
 
50
1
451
 common shares were available for future grants under the 2017 Directors' Plan and the 2016 EIP
The Company routinely leases storage facilities
 transportation equipment
 land
 and office facilities which are typically classified as operating leases.  The accounting for some of the Company's leases may require significant judgment when determining whether a contract is or contains a lease
 the lease term
 and the likelihood of renewal or termination options.  Leases with an initial term of more than 12 months are recognized on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets (Operating lease assets) and lease liabilities for the obligation to make payments under such leases (Current operating lease obligations and Non-current operating lease obligations). As of the lease commencement date
 the lease liability is initially measured as the present value of lease payments not yet paid. The lease asset is initially measured equal to the lease liability and adjusted for lease payments made at or before lease commencement (e.g.
 prepaid rent)
 lease incentives
 and any initial direct costs. Over time
 the lease liability is reduced for lease payments made and the lease asset is reduced through expense
 classified as either Cost of goods sold or Selling
 general and administrative expense depending upon the nature of the lease. Lease assets are subject to review for impairment in a manner consistent with Property
 plant and equipment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less (&#8220;short-term leases&#8221;) are not recorded on the balance sheet
The Company&#8217;s leases range in length of term
 with an average remaining lease term of 
. Additionally
. Renewal options are generally exercisable solely at the Company&#8217;s discretion. When a renewal option is reasonably certain to be exercised
 such additional terms are considered when calculating the associated operating lease asset and liability. When determining the lease liability at commencement of the lease
 the present value of lease payments is based on the Company&#8217;s incremental borrowing rate determined using a portfolio approach and the Company&#8217;s incremental cost of debt
 adjusted to arrive to the rate in the applicable country and for the applicable term of the lease
 as the rate implicit in the lease is generally not readily determinable.  As of December 31
 2019
Certain of the Company&#8217;s freight supply agreements for ocean freight vessels and rail cars
 as well as land leases associated with agricultural partnership agreements for the production of sugarcane
 may include rental payments that are variable in nature. Variable payments on time charter agreements for ocean freight vessels under freight supply agreements are dependent on then current market daily hire rates. Variable payments for certain rail cars can be based on volumes
 and in some cases
 benchmark interest rates. In December 2019
 Bunge contributed its Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to a newly formed joint-venture
 BP Bunge Bioenergia.  As such
 the land leases associated with agricultural partnership agreements for the production of sugarcane have been contributed to BP Bunge Bioenergia
 and are not recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31
 2019.  Payments under the Company's agricultural partnership agreements in Brazil
 through November 2019
 were dependent on the quantity of sugarcane produced per hectare
 the total recoverable sugar (ATR) per ton of sugarcane produced
 and the price for each kilogram of ATR as determined by Consecana
 the state of S&#227;o Paulo sugarcane
 sugar and ethanol council. All such variable payments are not included in the calculation of the associated operating lease asset or liability subsequent to the inception date of the associated lease and are recorded as expense in the period in which the adjustment to the variable payment obligation is incurred. Certain of the Company&#8217;s lease agreements related to railcars and barges contain residual value guarantees (see Note 22
December 31
December 31
December&#160;31
 2019
Present value of lease liabilities
 as separately presented on the condensed consolidated balance sheet
Additionally
December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company has additional operating leases for freight supply agreements on ocean freight vessels
 that have not yet commenced
 of
The following pertains to previously disclosed information from Note 21
 and Note 26
 
 contained in the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which incorporates information about leases now in scope of ASC 842
 
Operating leases for storage facilities
 or more at December&#160;31
&#8212;In the ordinary course of business
 the Company enters into time charter agreements for the use of ocean freight vessels for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. In addition
Future minimum payment obligations due under these agreements as of December&#160;31
 reportable segments - Agribusiness
 Edible Oil Products
 Milling Products
 Sugar and Bioenergy
 and Fertilizer
 which are organized based upon similar economic characteristics and are similar in nature of products and services offered
 the nature of production processes
 and the type and class of customer and distribution methods. The Agribusiness segment is characterized by both inputs and outputs being agricultural commodities and thus high volume and low margin. The Edible Oil Products segment involves the processing
 production and marketing of products derived from vegetable oils. The Milling Products segment involves the processing
 production and marketing of products derived primarily from wheat and corn. Up until December 2019
 when the Company contributed its Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations forming the majority of our Sugar and Bioenergy segment into a joint venture with the Brazilian biofuels business of BP p.l.c
 the Sugar and Bioenergy segment primarily involved sugarcane growing and milling in Brazil
 as well as sugarcane-based ethanol production and corn-based ethanol investments and related activities. Following the classification of the Brazilian fertilizer distribution and North American fertilizer businesses as discontinued operations
The &#8220;Other&#8221; column in the following table contains the reconciliation between the totals for reportable segments and Bunge's consolidated totals
 which consists primarily of amounts attributable to corporate and other items not allocated to the reportable segments
 discontinued operations
28
9
1
1
41
4
4
1
Depreciation
12
3
1
18
32
9
1
2
45
4
4
Depreciation
11
3
1
1
19
31
8
1
4
45
4
4
Depreciation
12
2
1
2
18
 loss in the Sugar &amp; Bioenergy segment
 in North America
 due to the dispositions of certain subsidiaries and equity investments
 which are recorded in Other income (expense)-net. Additionally
 gain in the Milling Products segment in Brazil
 on the sale of certain assets
 which are recorded in Other income (expense)-net.  Bunge recorded pre-tax
1
825
 of which 
1
 are in Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 Cost of goods sold and Other income (expense)&#8212;net
 respectively. Of these pre-tax impairment charges
1
 was allocated to Sugar and Bioenergy
 to Edible Oil Products
 to Agribusiness
 to Milling Products
 loss in the Agribusiness segment
 due to the dispositions of certain equity investments
 which are recorded in Other income (expense)-net. In addition
 Bunge recorded pre-tax
 impairment charges of 
 of which 
 are in Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 Cost of goods sold and Other income (expense)&#8212;net
 respectively.  Of these pre-tax impairment charges
 was allocated to Agribusiness
 gain related to the disposition of a subsidiary in the Agribusiness segment in Brazil
 which is recorded in Other income (expense)-net. In addition
 Bunge recorded pre-tax
 impairment charges of 
 of which 
 are in Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 Cost of goods sold and Other income (expense)&#8212;net
 respectively. Of these pre-tax impairment charges
 was allocated to Agribusiness
 to Sugar and Bioenergy
 to Edible Oil Products
Total segment earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) is an operating performance measure used by Bunge's management to evaluate segment operating activities. Bunge's management believes total segment EBIT is a useful measure of operating profitability
 since the measure allows for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to its financing methods or capital structure. In addition
Year Ended December&#160;31
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
1
Year Ended December&#160;31
28
32
31
9
9
8
1
1
1
2
4
41
45
45
Geographic area information for net sales to external customers
 determined based on the location of the subsidiary making the sale
Year Ended December&#160;31
15
17
16
9
9
10
8
8
8
5
5
7
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
41
45
45
Year Ended December&#160;31
1
1
2
1
1
1
2
1
1
6
7
6
Long-lived assets include Property
 plant and equipment
 net
 Goodwill and Other intangible assets
 net
The Company&#8217;s revenue comprises sales from commodity contracts that are accounted for under ASC 815
and sales of other products and services that are accounted for under ASC 606
Year Ended December 31
27
1
30
7
1
10
28
9
1
1
41
Year Ended December 31
31
1
1
34
1
7
1
11
32
9
1
2
45
(US$ in millions
9
10
10
10
41
1
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
1
1
1
1
10
12
11
11
45
2
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
Earnings per share attributable to Bunge common shareholders for both basic and diluted is computed independently for each period presented. As a result
 the sum of the quarterly earnings per share for the years ended December&#160;31
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
February 21
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
February 21
February 21
February 21
/s/&#160;J. MATT SIMMONS
J. Matt Simmons
February 21
February 21
February 21
February 21
February 21
February 21
February 21
February 21
February 21
February 21
 2020















		

	
The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of our securities that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.  This description also summarizes certain provisions of our memorandum of association
 our bye-laws and applicable provisions of Bermuda law. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to
 and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
 the applicable provisions of our memorandum of association
 our bye-laws and applicable provisions of Bermuda law. Copies of the our memorandum of association and bye-laws are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
 of which this Exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our memorandum of association
Our authorized share capital consists of 400
000
000 common shares
 par value $0.01 per share and 21
000
000 preference shares
 par value $0.01 per share.&#160; As of February 14
 2020
 141
854
379 common shares and 6
899
Holders of common shares have no pre-emptive
 redemption
 conversion or sinking fund rights.&#160; Holders of common shares are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of holders of common shares.&#160; Unless a different majority is required by law or by our bye-laws
In the event of our liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up
 the holders of common shares are entitled to share equally and ratably in our assets
 if any
 remaining after the payment of all of our debts and liabilities
Pursuant to Bermuda law and our bye-laws
 our board of directors by resolution may establish one or more series of preference shares having such number of shares
 designations
 dividend rates
 relative voting rights
 conversion or exchange rights
 redemption rights
 liquidation rights and other relative participation
 optional or other special rights
 qualifications
 limitations or restrictions as may be fixed by the board without any further shareholder approval.&#160; Such rights
 preferences
Our board of directors designated 6
900
000 preference shares as 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares
 par value $0.01 per share
 317 of which have subsequently been converted as of February 14
 2020.  The terms of our issued and outstanding 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares are described in the certificate of designation filed on November 20
If we decide to issue further preference shares
 our board of directors will determine the financial and other specific terms of the series under a certificate of designation.&#160; Without limitation
 the preference shares may be convertible into
 or exchangeable for
 common shares or shares of any other class or series of shares
Holders of a series of preference shares will be entitled to receive dividends only when
 as and if declared by our board of directors from funds available for payment of dividends under Bermuda law.&#160; The rates and dates of payment of dividends
 if any
 will be set forth in the applicable certificate of designation relating to each series of preference shares.&#160; Dividends will be payable to holders of record of preference shares as they appear in our register of members on the record dates fixed by the board of directors.&#160; Dividends on any series of preference shares may be cumulative or noncumulative.&#160; Under Bermuda law
 we may not declare or pay a dividend if there are reasonable grounds for believing that we are
 or would after the payment be
 unable to pay our liabilities as they become due
The holders of a series of preference shares will have voting rights as set out in the applicable certificate of designation
 and any such voting rights will be subject to limitations on voting rights as set out in the applicable certificate of designation.&#160; In addition
In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up
 holders of each series of our preference shares will have the rights as set out in the applicable certificate of designation to receive distributions upon liquidation in the amount specified
 plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends.&#160; These distributions will be made before any distribution is made on our common shares or on any other securities ranking junior to the preference shares upon liquidation
If so specified in the applicable certificate of designation
 a series of preference shares may be redeemable at any time
 in whole or in part
Following redemption
 dividends
 if applicable
The certificate of designation relating to any series of preference shares that is convertible
 exercisable or exchangeable will state the terms on which shares of that Series are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common shares
 another series of our preference shares or any other securities registered pursuant to a registration statement
Under Bermuda law
 a company&#8217;s board of directors may not declare or pay dividends if there are reasonable grounds for believing that the company is
 or would after the payment be
be less than its liabilities.&#160; Under our bye-laws
 each common share is entitled to dividends if
 as and when dividends are declared by our board of directors
If at any time we have more than one class of shares
 the rights attaching to any class
 unless otherwise provided for by the terms of issue of the relevant class
 may be varied either:&#160; (1) with the consent in writing of the holders of 75% of the issued shares of that class; or (2) with the sanction of a resolution passed by a majority of the votes cast at a general meeting of the relevant class of shareholders at which a quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing by proxy one-third of the issued shares of the class.&#160; Our bye-laws specify that the creation or issue of shares ranking equally with existing shares will not
 unless expressly provided by the terms of issue of existing shares
 vary the rights attached to existing shares.&#160; In addition
Our board of directors may
 in its absolute discretion and without assigning any reason
 refuse to register the transfer of a share that is not fully paid.&#160; Our board of directors may also refuse to recognize an instrument of transfer of a share unless it is accompanied by the relevant share certificate and such other evidence of the transferor&#8217;s right to make the transfer as our board of directors shall reasonably require.&#160; Subject to these restrictions
 a holder of common shares or preference shares may transfer the title to all or any of his common shares or his preference shares by completing a form of transfer in the form set out in our bye-laws (or as near thereto as circumstances admit) or in such other form as the board may accept.&#160; The instrument of transfer must be signed by the transferor and transferee
 although
 in the case of a fully paid share
Under Bermuda law
 a company is required to convene at least one general meeting of shareholders each calendar year
 unless the company in general meeting has elected to dispense with the holding of annual general meetings.&#160; Bermuda law provides that a special general meeting of shareholders may be called by the board of directors of a company and must be called upon the request of shareholders holding not less than 10% of the paid-up capital of the company carrying the right to vote at general meetings of the company.&#160; Our bye-laws provide that either the chairman or our board of directors may convene an annual general meeting or a special general meeting.&#160; Bermuda law also requires that shareholders be given at least five days&#8217; advance notice of a general meeting; however
 our bye-laws provide that the accidental omission to give notice to any person does not invalidate the proceedings at a meeting.&#160; Under our bye-laws
 at least twenty-one days&#8217; notice of an annual general meeting or a special general meeting must be given to each shareholder entitled to vote at such meeting.&#160; This notice requirement is subject to the ability to hold such meetings on shorter notice if such notice is agreed:&#160; (i) in the case of an annual general meeting
 by all of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at such meeting; or (ii) in the case of a special general meeting
writing in accordance with our bye-laws.&#160; The notice must be given not later than 120 days before the first anniversary of the date on which our proxy statement was distributed to shareholders in connection with our prior year&#8217;s annual general meeting.&#160; If we did not hold an annual general meeting in the prior year or if the date of the annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date contemplated in the prior year&#8217;s proxy statement
 the notice must be given before the later of 150 days prior to the contemplated date of the annual general meeting and the date which is ten days after the date of the first public announcement or other notification of the actual date of the annual general meeting.&#160; In the case of business to be proposed at a special general meeting
 such notice must be given before the later of 120 days before the date of the special general meeting and the date which is ten days after the date of the first public announcement or other notification of the date of the special general meeting.&#160; The notice must include the matters set out in our bye-laws.&#160; In addition
 shareholders representing at least 5% of our total voting rights or at least 100 shareholders may require us
 at their expense
Members of the general public have the right to inspect the public documents of a company available at the office of the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda.&#160; These documents include the company&#8217;s memorandum of association
 including its objects and powers
 and certain alterations to its memorandum of association.&#160; The shareholders have the additional right to inspect the bye-laws of the company
 minutes of general meetings and the company&#8217;s audited financial statements
 which must be laid before each annual general meeting.&#160; The register of shareholders of a company is also open to inspection by shareholders and by members of the general public without charge.&#160; The register of shareholders is required to be open for inspection for not less than two hours in any business day (subject to the ability of a company to close the register of shareholders for not more than thirty days in a year).&#160; A company is required to maintain its share register in Bermuda but may
 subject to the provisions of the Companies Act
 establish a branch register outside Bermuda.&#160; A company is required to keep at its registered office a register of directors and officers that is open for inspection by members of the public without charge for not less than two hours in any business day.&#160; Members of the general public also have the right to inspect a list of the directors of a company at the office of the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda.&#160; Bermuda law does not
 however
Our bye-laws provide that our board may consist of between seven and 15 directors
 the actual number to be determined by the board from time to time.&#160; Our board of directors currently consists of eleven directors.&#160; Pursuant to our bye-laws
 no more than two of our directors may be employed by us or by any other entity in our group.&#160; There is no requirement in our bye-laws or Bermuda law that our directors must retire at a certain age.&#160; However
Only persons who are nominated in accordance with our bye-laws are eligible for election as directors.&#160; Any shareholder who wishes to nominate a person for election as a director must give notice to us in writing in accordance with our bye-laws.&#160; The notice must be given not later than 120 days before the first anniversary of the date on which our proxy statement was distributed to shareholders in connection with our prior year&#8217;s annual general meeting.&#160; If we did not hold an annual general meeting in the prior year or if the date of the annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date contemplated in the prior year&#8217;s proxy statement
meeting.&#160; In the case of any notice of a nomination of a person by a shareholder for election as a director at a special general meeting
 such notice must be given before the later of 120 days before the date of the special general meeting and the date which is ten days after the date of the first public announcement or other notification of the date of the special general meeting.&#160; The notice must include the information set out in our bye-laws and
 in addition
 we may require any nominee to furnish such other information as we may reasonably require
A director may be removed for cause by a majority of shareholder votes cast at a meeting at which a quorum is present
 provided notice is given to the director of the shareholders&#8217; meeting convened to remove the director.&#160; A director may be removed without cause upon the affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution
 provided notice is given to the director of the shareholders&#8217; meeting convened to remove the director.&#160; The notice must contain a statement of the intention to remove the director and
 if the removal is for cause
Our board of directors can fill any vacancy occurring as a result of the removal
 resignation
 insolvency
 death or incapacity of a director.&#160; Our board of directors also can appoint persons to fill any newly created directorships
The remuneration of our directors is determined by our board of directors.&#160; Our directors may also be paid all travel
Provided a director discloses a direct or indirect interest in any contract or arrangement with us as required by Bermuda law
 such director is entitled to vote in respect of any such contract or arrangement in which he or she is interested
 unless he or she is disqualified from voting by the chairman of the relevant board meeting.&#160; Under Bermuda law
 a director (including the spouse or children of the director or any company of which such director
 spouse or children own or control more than 20% of the capital or loan debt) cannot borrow from us (except loans made to directors who are bona fide employees or former employees pursuant to an employees&#8217; share scheme)
Our bye-laws contain a provision by virtue of which our shareholders waive any claim or right of action that they have
 both individually and on our behalf
 against any director or officer in relation to any action or failure to take action by such director or officer
 except in respect of any fraud or dishonesty of such director or officer.&#160; We have been advised by the SEC that
 in the opinion of the SEC
 the operation of this provision as a waiver of the right to sue for violations of federal securities laws would likely be unenforceable in U.S. courts.&#160; Our bye-laws also indemnify our directors and officers and any person appointed to a committee by our board of directors in respect of their actions and omissions in relation to any of the affairs of Bunge Limited
Merger
&#160; The merger or amalgamation of a Bermuda company with another company or corporation (other than certain affiliated companies) requires the merger or amalgamation agreement to be approved by the company&#8217;s board of directors and by its shareholders.&#160; Such shareholder approval
 unless the bye-laws otherwise provide
Our bye-laws provide that a merger or amalgamation (other than with certain affiliated companies) that has been approved by our board must only be approved by a majority of the votes cast at a general meeting of our shareholders at which the quorum shall be two or more persons representing in person or by proxy more than one-half of the paid-up share capital carrying the right to vote.&#160; Any merger
Bermuda law provides that the memorandum of association of a company may be amended by a resolution passed at a general meeting of shareholders of which due notice has been given.&#160; Our bye-laws provide that no bye-law shall be rescinded
 altered or amended
 and no new bye-law shall be made
 unless it shall have been approved by a resolution of our board of directors and by a resolution of the shareholders.&#160; In the case of the bye-laws relating to number and tenure of directors
 approval of business combinations and amendment of bye-law provisions
 the required resolutions must include the affirmative vote of at least 66% of our directors then in office and of at least 66% percent of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution
 and
 in the case of the bye-law relating to the removal of directors
 the requisite affirmative votes are a simple majority of the directors then in office and at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution
 and
 in the case of the bye-laws relating to the issuance of shares or other securities or instruments
Under Bermuda law
 the holders of an aggregate of not less than 20% in par value of the company&#8217;s issued share capital or any class thereof have the right to apply to the Supreme Court of Bermuda for an annulment of any amendment of the memorandum of association adopted by shareholders at any general meeting
 other than an amendment which alters or reduces a company&#8217;s share capital as provided in the Companies Act.&#160; Where such an application is made
Under Bermuda law
 in the event of an amalgamation or merger of a Bermuda company with another company or corporation
Class actions and derivative actions are generally not available to shareholders under Bermuda law.&#160; The Bermuda courts
 however
 would ordinarily be expected to permit a shareholder to commence an action in the name of a company to remedy a wrong to the company where the act complained of is alleged to be beyond the corporate power of the company or is illegal or would result in the violation of the company&#8217;s memorandum of association or bye-laws.&#160; Furthermore
 consideration would be given by a Bermuda court to acts that are alleged to constitute a fraud against the minority shareholders or
 for instance
When the affairs of a company are being conducted in a manner which is oppressive or prejudicial to the interests of some part of the shareholders
 one or more shareholders may apply to the Supreme Court of Bermuda
 which may make such order as it sees fit
Pursuant to our bye-laws
A register of holders of the common shares
 the 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares
 and of any other preference shares we may issue will be maintained by Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited in Bermuda
 and a branch register is maintained in the United States by Computershare Inc.
 which does and will serve as branch registrar and transfer agent for the common shares
Our bye-laws provide that our board of directors may forfeit any dividend or other monies payable in respect of any shares which remain unclaimed for twelve years from the date when such monies became due for payment.&#160; In addition
 we are entitled to cease sending checks or dividend warrants by post or otherwise to a shareholder if such instruments have been returned undelivered to
 or left uncashed by
 such shareholder on at least two consecutive occasions or
 following one such occasion
.&#160; We have been designated by the Bermuda Monetary Authority as a non-resident for Bermuda exchange control purposes.&#160; This designation allows us to engage in transactions in currencies other than the Bermuda dollar
The Bermuda Monetary Authority has given its consent for the issue and free transferability of our common shares and preference shares to and between non-residents of Bermuda for exchange control purposes
 provided our shares remain listed on an appointed stock exchange
In accordance with Bermuda law
 share certificates are only issued in the names of companies
 partnerships or individuals.&#160; In the case of a shareholder acting in a special capacity (for example as a trustee)
 certificates may
 at the request of the shareholder
 record the capacity in which the shareholder is acting.&#160; Notwithstanding such recording of any special capacity
 we are not bound to investigate or see to the execution of any such trust.&#160; We will take no notice of any trust applicable to any of our shares
 whether or not we have been notified of such trust.














		

	
Greenleaf
Bunge Global Markets
Bunge North America
Bunge Milling
The Crete Mills
Bunge Holdings North America
Bunge North America Capital
Bunge Mextrade
CSY Agri-Finance
Bunge Oils
Bunge North America (East)
Bunge North America (OPD West)
EGT
BNA Marine
HC Railroad
Morristown Grain Company
Bunge Milling
Bunge North America Agrifoods
Bunge Milling (Southwest)
Bunge Chicago
Bunge Global Markets
Bunge Latin America
Bunge N.A. Holdings
Bunge Finance North America
Bunge Funding
Bunge Canada Investments
Bunge Global Innovation
Bunge Mexico Holdings
Loders Croklaan USA
Bunge Central America
Controladora Bunge
Inmobiliaria A. Gil
Inmobiliaria Gilsa
Servicios Bunge
Molinos Bunge
Bunge Comercial
Servicios Molinos Bunge de Mexico
BCA Servicios
BLA Servicios
Bunge (Shanghai) Management Co.
Bunge Sanwei Oil &amp; Fat Co.
Bunge (Nanjing) Grains and Oils Co.
Zhongxin (Dalian) Investment Consulting Co.
Dalian Junyue Consulting Co.
Nantong Junchen Business Consulting Co.
Dongguan Shenheng Grains and Oils Co.
Bunge (Tianjin) Management Service Co.
Yuanming (Tianjin) Investment CO.
Qinyuan (Tianjin) Business Consulting CO.
Qintang (Tianjin) Enterprise Management Consulting Co.
Tianjin Shuowei Foods Co.
Bunge (Fujian) Investment Management Co.
Xiamen Peiren Investment Management Co.
Xiamen Junren Investment Management Co.
Bunge Loders (Xiamen) Oils Technology
Bunge Iberica Portugal
&#32;Includes entities which Bunge Limited consolidates for financial reporting purposes. The preceding list may omit certain subsidiaries that
 as of December 31
 2019
 would not be considered &#8220;significant subsidiaries&#8221; as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X.














		

	
We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-159918
&#160;333-143529
 333-130651
 333-125426
 333-66594
 333-75762
 333-76938
 333-109446
 333-211908
 and 333-218273 on Forms&#160;S-8 and Registration Statement Nos.&#160;333-231083
 333-207870
 333-211218
 333-172608
 333-165000 and 333-138662 on Forms&#160;S-3 of our reports dated February 21
 2020
 relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Bunge Limited and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 and the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting
 appearing in this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K of the Company for the year ended December&#160;31
New York
February&#160;21
 2020














		

	
I
 Gregory A. Heckman
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
any fraud
 whether or not material
February 21
 2020














		

	
I
 John W. Neppl
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
any fraud
 whether or not material
February 21
Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer














		

	
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002
 the undersigned officer of Bunge Limited
&#8221;)
 does hereby certify that
December&#160;31
&#160;Information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
February&#160;21
 2020














		

	
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002
 the undersigned officer of Bunge Limited
&#8221;)
 does hereby certify that
December&#160;31
&#160;Information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
February&#160;21
Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer










































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CASH

        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 BASIS OF PRESENTATION


 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation







    




    

 Notes



    




    


    




    

 Income Taxes



    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    




    
    
    


    

 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential



    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance



    

 Tax Credit
 Investment



    
    
    


    

 Change in Enacted Tax Rate



    

 Nondeductible Expense



    

 Tax Contingency



    

 Prior Year Income Taxes





    
    


    

 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act



    

 Tax Exempt Income



    

 Tax Credit



    

 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 Transition Tax on Accumulated Foreign Earnings



    

 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Nondeductible Expense
 Impairment Losses



    

 Disposition of Asset



    

 Other Adjustments



    
    



 Notes


 Notes



    
    


    
    


    
    

 payable on demand
 secured
 or unsecured
 interest bearing or noninterest bearing
 among myriad other features and characteristics. Loans receivable consist of an amount of money or property
 or a portion thereof



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Notes



    




    




    

 with Related Allowance



    

 with No Related Allowance



    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

 subject to vesting and other restrictions
 a number of shares in the entity at a specified price



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    




    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Options



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options



    

 Options



    


    

 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    

 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period



    


    

 Options
 Exercisable



    
    
    





 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable



    
    
    


    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Options



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    






    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    






    







 net of shares withheld to cover taxes




 net of common shares withheld to cover taxes


 Equity Instruments Other than Options Common Shares Issued


 net of shares withheld to cover taxes



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    
    
    








    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    




    




    




    
    


    




    


    
    


    

 Incomplete Accounting
 Transition Tax for Accumulated Foreign Earnings



    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Accumulated Benefit Obligation



    

 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments
 Settlement And Curtailment Gain (Loss)


 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments
 Settlement And Curtailment Gain (Loss)



    

 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments


 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments



    

 Special and Contractual Termination Benefits


 Special and Contractual Termination Benefits



    




    




    




    




    




    




    

 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)



    

 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)



    
    


    




    

 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed



    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    




    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    




















    
    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Held-for-sale



    

 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



    
    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation



    


    
    


    




    




    

 after Allowance for Credit Loss



    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets



    




    





 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    








    

 Subsidiaries
 Associates



    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    

 Liability



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Liabilities



    




    




    




    




    

 Liability



    




    
    


    

 Equity



    





 par value $.01; authorized
 issued and outstanding: 2019 and 2018&#8212;6
899


 Value




 par value $.01; authorized&#8212;400
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding: 2019&#8212;141
813
142 shares
 2018&#8212;141
111


 Value



    
    


    
    


    





 at cost; 2019 and 2018&#8212;12
882





    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Accordion Feature


 Accordion Feature



    




    




    

 Unused Capacity



    
    


    

 Unused Borrowing Capacity




 property
 equipment and investments mortgaged


 Property Equipment and Investments Mortgaged


 property



    
    


    
    


    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Due


 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    

 Net of Tax






 Net of Tax



    




    
    


    




    




    

 Net of Tax



    




    




    




    

 Net of Tax



    




    


    
    
















    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    

 Weighted Average Interest Rate



    




    


    
    





 Allowance for Credit Loss






















































 Shares






 Shares









    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Net
 Cash Flow Hedge



    
    


    

 Accumulated Gain (Loss)
 Debt Securities
 Available-for-sale



    
    


    
    








    


    

 before Reclassifications



    

 Current Period



    




    

 Net of Tax


 Net of Tax



    


    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    




    




    


    




    
    


    






    

 Common Stock



    

 Preferred Stock



    






    




    




    
    
    


    




    




    

 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    
    


    

 Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    

 Value
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    


    


    




    




    

 Pension Plan with Projected Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Pension Plan with Projected Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    




    

 Pension Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets




 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Plan Assets



    




    




    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation






 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    


    


    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Obligation

    


    

 Benefit Obligation



    


    




    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    


    




    




    




    




    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan



    

 Defined Benefit Plan



    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    






    

 Tax Deferred Expense



    




    




    

 Tax Deferred Expense



    




    










    







 Property



    






    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    


    




    

 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis



    

 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis










 Cash Equivalents


 Cash Equivalents









    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    




    

 Shares



    

 Value
 Acquired



    




    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    






    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Government



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Gain (Loss) on Derivative



    




    
    


    
    
    


    

 Nonmonetary Notional Amount



    

 Nonmonetary Notional Amount


 Nonmonetary Notional Amount



    

 Nonmonetary Notional Amount



    


    





 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Before Reclassification


 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Before Reclassification






 Securities
 Available-for-Sale
 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) Arising During Period






 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification


 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification






 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Trading




 LCs




 Offsetting



    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    




    










    
    


    




    
    





 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense



    




    




    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment




 net of tax (expense) benefit of $(2)
 $1


 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Before Reclassification


 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Before Reclassification




 net of tax (expense) benefit of nil
 nil


 Securities
 Available-for-Sale
 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) Arising During Period




 net of tax expense (benefit) of $(2)
 $2


 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification


 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification




 net of tax (expense) benefit of $2
 $4


 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment



    

 Net of Tax


 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax




 12-09




 12-09


 12-09




 12-09


 12-09




 12-09


 12-09



    

 12-09
 Allowance



    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowance



    

 12-09



    

 12-09



    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves



    



 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs



    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves



    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves



    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


















    




    

 Transferor's Continuing Involvement
 Arrangements of Financial Support



    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    

 Financial Asset for which Transfer is Accounted as Sale



    


    








    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    




    

 Fair Value



    




    




    




    


    

 Fair Value



    
    


    
    

 or in the comparative fair values



    
    


    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Settlement and Curtailment Gain (Loss)



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Remeasurement Gain (Loss)


 Defined Benefit Plan
 Remeasurement Gain (Loss)




 Lease


 Lease




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Lease


 Lease



    




    

 Operating Lease



    

 Operating Lease



    

 Weighted Average Discount Rate



    

 Liability
 Sublease Income


 Liability
 Sublease Income



    

 Sublease


 Sublease



    

 Liability


 Liability



    






    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    


    


    
    


    




    

 12-09



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


























    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    








    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    




    

 Gain (Loss)



    

 Net



    

 Increase (Decrease)



    

 Cash Flow Hedge
 Gain (Loss)



    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    





 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Inventory




 plant
 and equipment


 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property
 Plant and Equipment






 Including Discontinued Operation
 Intangible Assets



    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Other Liabilities



    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    






    

 Dividend Rate



    
    
    



 common shares issued upon conversion



    




    
    






    


    
    
    


    

 Convertible



    

 Convertible



    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    






    
    


    
    


    
    

 rate increase in compensation increase



    



 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase





    

 plan assets



    




    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    












    
    

 such as trees in a plantation or orchard
 cultivated plants
 sheep and cattle



    
    


    
    




    

 depreciable assets



    
    








    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant




 plant and equipment



    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    


    






    




    
    


    
    


    




    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    






    
    
    


    







 Excluding Capitalized Interest



    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    

 Dividends Per Share










 Equity









    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information




 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information



    

 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    

 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    




    

 Pro Forma Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations



    








    
    





 after Allowance for Credit Loss









    
    



 at fair value



    
    
    


    




    




    

 Miscellaneous



    


    

 Allowance for Credit Loss



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plan Assets


 Plan Assets




 Plan Assets


 Plan Assets



    




    




    
    


    






    




    

 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation



    





 Expected Future Employer Contributions



    




    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    




    
    


    
    








    
    


    


    
    


    








    




    
    



 net on disposal of affiliate investments

    
    


    




    




    




    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    

 Accretion to Redemption Value



    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    




    
    

 but not the obligation



    
    
    


    




    


    


    

 Net of Tax



    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

 not separately



    
    


    




    


    
    

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period and gain (loss) from sale or disposal of assets. Other income and expense amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items. Sale of assets includes but not limited to property
 plant and equipment



    


    








    


    


    

 Plant



    
    






    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    


    




    

 Interest Rate



    


    


    


    




    

 Expiration Period


 Expiration Period



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Plant


 Plant



    
    
    



 plant and equipment of feedmills
 a port


 Plant
 And Equipment
 Port


 Plant
 And Equipment
 Port



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    






    


    
    


    




    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    

 Goodwill



    

 Acquisition of Less than 100 Percent
 Noncontrolling Interest



    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    




    

 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents



    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Goodwill



    

 Finite-Lived






 Including Intangible Assets



    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    

 Right-of-Use Asset


 Right-of-Use Asset



    

 Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings




 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information




 Summarized Financial Information


 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    




    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    






    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    




    






    


    




    




    




    




    
    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Gain (Loss)






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)



    




    


    

 Lease



    

 Allowance for Credit Losses
 Recovery

    


    

 Allowance for Credit Loss



    




    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability







    




    






    
    



 determined based on the location of the subsidiary making the sale





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Income Taxes



    




    




    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Stock Options



    

 Option



    

 Restricted Stock Unit



    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    

 including primarily value-added tax claims



    
    

 severance
 health and safety



    
    





 IPI

    

 IPI



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    

 Bunge Finance Europe



    
    
    


    
    
    





 Accrual



    




    

 Tax Assessment

    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Maximum Exposure



    

 Guaranteed Benefit Liability



    







 Long-term and Short-term



    
    
    


    










    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    








    


    


    




    




    
    

 equity



    







 after Allowance for Credit Loss



    

 Miscellaneous



    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    






    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable
 Gross
 Allowance



    
    
    


    




    
    
    





 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    









 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Other Assets And Liabilities

    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 And Liabilities Assumed


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 And Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed



    




    


    

 Liability



    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    

 sale
 impairment or for other reasons. Also



    
    


    
    








    

 Impaired



    


    




    








    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    






    


    








    


    
    



 plant

    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    

 Trading
 and Equity Securities



    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    





 Plant



    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    






    




    


    
    





 Cash Equivalents






 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)











    




    






    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    
    


    
    



 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis


 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    






    

 and
 in some cases
 whether or not a settlement is required; (b) it requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller than would be required for other types of contracts that would be expected to have a similar response to changes in market factors; and (c) its terms require or permit net settlement
 it can readily be settled net by a means outside the contract



    
    
    


    

 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis



    

 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    





 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis



    




    

 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    

 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    

 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    

 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    

 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    

 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    

 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    





 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation


 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    
    
    


    

 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation


 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    
    
    


    

 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation


 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation



    
    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    

 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)


 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)



    
    
    


    

 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)


 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)



    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)


 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)



    

 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)


 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)



    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    

 Asset
 Recurring Basis
 Still Held



    
    


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 bg2019graph6.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P


ME%E^S3_V2KPO_PFBUKZ H ^?_\ AT[^RS_T;3^S_P#^&\TC_P1Z/\ AT[^





MOHB@#Y__P'3O[+/_1M/[/_ /X;S2/_ )'H_P'3O[+/_1M/[/_ /X;S2/_
M )'KZ HH ^?_ /AT[^RS_P!&T_L__P#AO-(_^1Z/^'3O[+/_ $;3^S__ .&\
MTC_Y'KZ HH ^?_\ AT[^RS_T;3^S_P#^&\TC_P1Z/\ AT[^RS_T;3^S_P#^



















9-+NTKI?Y]6E9:V

M66X/



MC[W[@45_





M+QW\/+CQCJGBFRU*\'C2Z\.W7B;PU%$PTJ\OT66


:^WDVOFGR
'O#=I%=:KKE

M2^&O[






CM=.

/\

\HE9I&
MC@PR$RJ&!KW_ . GQ9;X[?!WP_XP;PSXD\'KXBM%O8M)U]+9-1M8WY3SEMYI



Y[G2$LIH+B!H+BWD+&6U$C$PH2$BDL5
17
PD
/\


M-@:YN-5T^'S$D*0*K&79Y@R
$*CR

;I
M\3O+*Q@+ DI=L1=[9_W5PBK(WSJT91U4H.:^3:L_71]=+]M=)47&K.D]XNS


M^
DW_!*/Q!X[^(5YXL\7#Q5XZBU;4-;UMM1U0LUQY5NLTDKM*6*^4D:L22-B





ME']XZ:VYU?[G&


M#^QEN8(A;FYW./)$I!%\;S]W-33][%T*+VG-1?HTWIYZ?GH%1\N&K5EO+D

MW%&QG:V/Q\_X*0_M6?%7P=^TK^U)9W7C[Q9X/^*7@W_A#V_9Y\)Z3XDNK%/%


*

M[1?QML/V:O@)XR^(6K:;JVK:3X'T:ZUR^M-+6%KR:WMXFEE\H321QE@BL0&=

M64XV\R[ 2
N!DC\2_@7^VY'XNA_:P\+V/Q5\::Y\)_$7[+]QXB\-VGCKXBS^











=68JCM@=%1F. I(V*

MW_C_ %%FB\(3D


M8H _?[_@D[_RBR_9I_[)5X7_ /31:U] 5\__ /!)W_E%E^S3_P!DJ\+_ /IH
MM:^@* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


^_T41TDIK=7M\TT_O3:]&&\7#H]_DTU]S2?J@HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** OY@?^#U;_E*;X!_[)5IW_IWUBOZ?J_F!_X/5O\
ME*;X!_[)5IW_ *=]8H _?[_@D[_RBR_9I_[)5X7_ /31:U] 5\__ /!)W_E%
ME^S3_P!DJ\+_ /IHM:^@* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *_F!_X/
M5O\ E*;X!_[)5IW_ *=]8K^GZOY@?^#U;_E*;X!_[)5IW_IWUB@#]_O^3O_
M BR_9I_[)5X7_\ 31:U] 5\_P#_  2=_P467[-/_9*O__ *:+6OH@ HH
MHH **** OE/PQX8^(_[3'[1WQX@@^/'Q
^'NB_#WQG9^&M(TCPUI?AJ2U6W

MCPI0 ?\ #&WQ%_Z.Q_: _P#!1X(_^9ZC_AC;XB_]'8_M ?\ @H\$?_
]7T!1

]7T!

M%% 'S_\ \

]7T


M'D5M1P]6J[4HN3\DW^148RE\*N4?^&-OB+_T=C^T!_X*/!'_ 
SU'_#&WQ%_

UC=6MM;(
%G
MD

M%/



MQ_: _P#!1X(_^9ZC_AC;XB_]'8_M ?\ @H\$?_
]6AHO[?7@[7=.\'W4.F^)
MEC\:^


+A(

;?$7_H[']H#








M_P 
;?$7_H[']H#_ 
%'@C_YGJ/^&-OB+_T=C^T!_PCP1_\SU?0%% 'S__
M 

;?$7_ *.Q_: _\%'@C_YGJ/\ AC;XB_\ 1V/[0'_@H\$?_
]7T!10!\__

SU?0%% 'S_
M /\ #&WQ%_Z.Q_: _P#!1X(_^9ZC_AC;XB_]'8_M ?\ @H\$?_
]7T!10!\_














OL9X
_P@GAGQS\6

MQH\?^ ?MOBGPSX7GTG2M

_
&

M0ZS/8VK1&XNICG3-/2*%KFVB55RN94I(0[#C?@C_P4KE^-W[0_C2QTGP9X
MDU/X4Z/\-=#^(.B^(;#3DGN]22^%](T8M$N&O)'D2W6.*!;02B6WN5? : R&
MEG);+=].O_R
DN[32U3!0E:]NWXRC%?C)?)W.O\ ^&-OB+_T=C^T!_X*/!'_
M 



ZC_AC;
MXB_]'8_M ?\ @H\$?_


)D1KM



SN+BVD1X+J



M'_@H\$?_ #/4?\
;?$7_ *.Q_: _\%'@C_YGJ^@** /G_P#X8V^(O_1V/[0'
M_@H\$?\ S/4?\


3/%;K87*-.X!
M(0




;
M?$7_ *.Q_: _\%'@C_YGJ/\ AC;XB_\ 1V/[0'_@H\$?_
]7SK\8?VJOB!X)
M^+?C1?%GQJ\0? _Q5:^*Y].\#Z%XL\(6UK\+?$5I&JRV
5QK\FG2
\M[ DA=


UFPN7DV):VHVQ
JINR1EA6E'^UE\





/A9\3/$
W[:?\ 9?Q@\-^)_%%EH/PJ




MC:)HV
PB3#GE_@?_ 
%#-4.O_&?5OB!X?\::#IN@_$KP[X(T?PY?V6GC4M#?



MC5[^7(ZE_P#P'7YJ^YHJ4F^5+7MUWY?O;NEWL[;
] _X8V^(O_1V/[0'_@H\
M$?\ S/4?\

OZ;5SA*#Y9;F
)Q
MDN:.Q\__ /#&WQ%_Z.Q_: _\%'@C_P9ZC_AC;XB_P#1V/[0'_@H\$?_ #/5
M] 45)1\__P##&WQ%_PCL?V@/_!1X(_^9ZC_ (8V^(O_ $=C^T!_X*/!'_S/

MU?0%% 'S_P#\


M( J!I'8[5  S@ OYW?^#U;_E*;X!_[)5IW_IWUBOW^_P3O\ RBR_9I_[









M5A&JB12

\+V.E0_#?P7?1V
0B%QJ&BVUW=3XZM)*Z%




MNQ
I.2Y7Y^NNCUW.(\

]KH?&O[/G[*?B3]JCXB^$_AWXHF^)DGPB\

MV./V9OV)?_C:^T:U^#\?B;7-.AMK.+P-\+[+P?82-;1RF)[F..YDFNIY))







MT63]G_\ \

M/[4W_19/V?\ _P 
WJ__ 





WJ__ 








M 

MZ_1J7S7
D[/2Z78C[*CT6WE[L8W7GRQ2OO:_=WX;XA?\$G/#?C+]L^\^+$
'

2)IVKW$A%E;R):VX9#:RNK&=X987D5X


M /\ AF]7_P#FGJ:?N**C]F]O*]DUZ625MK76S:;J-SNY=;)^=KV_.]^]GNDU





M]%D_9_\ _#-ZO_\ -/4\JY'3Z.^GKS7_ /2Y.W=WW29HJDD[KR_!Q:OWLXQM
M?HK;-H\







MN?VIO\ HLG[/_\ X9O5_P#YIZ /HBOG_\ X5S^U-_T63]G_P#\
WJ__P T


WJ





M)I$C\Q+U5


9'6N _X5S^U-_P!%D_9__P##-ZO_ /-/1_PK

12NT_F*^/_#O_  25O-:\ 0^O'_Q
?Q1
MX+\


-\C


ML_\ _#-/PRO?#G]K?VU]L\2:YX@^T?9?LVS^TM5NM0\G;O?/E?:?+W9^?9NP


M'24TS[
BV+7DCS6_F:9&61K@.4D9?

;CX
MV*OC;P[H6O\ A_5]6C\'6H6Z@U66UG!L(#*8[0VLMG (OM(O=T:E9?-9C)6M


WJ_P#\T]5*;D[LA1M=

M /FGJ1GT!17S_P#\*Y_:F_Z+)^S_ /\ AF]7_P#FGH_X5S^U-_T63]G_ /\

M]G__ 

WJ_\ \T] 'T!17S__ 
*Y_:F_Z+)^S_\ ^&;U?_YIZ/\ A7/[4W_1


MH_X5S^U-_P!%D_9__P##-ZO_ /-/0 ?\$G?^467[-/\ V2KPO_Z:+6OP!_X/
M5O\ E*;X!_[)5IW_ *=]8K^D#]E'X&#]E_\ 9;^&OPT75#K:_#OPKI?AD:B;

M_O\ @D[_ 

M@* O)?VC?C7\0O ?B?0O#WPU^&=OX\UK5K2\U&ZN]9UN;0-TRWM_*7RY+Z

=7T2PUJ6%=JQ:7;OJ&HV;0+<9<S7
6Z18EV1E'E\V'.IS.T8NS?^





'Q-?Q9\1]



-



W'+


+O7/\ Y+H_X9I\._\ 02^('_A=ZY_\




T^'?\ H)?$
@45Y__P ,T^'?^@E\0/\ PN]<_P#D
MNC_AFGP[_P!!+X@?^%WKG_R70!Z!17G_ /PS3X=_Z7Q _\ [US_P2Z/\











+O7/\ Y+H_X9I\._\ 02^(


MKG_R70!Z!17G_P#PS3X=_P@E\0/_[US_Y+H_X9I\._]!+X@?\ A=ZY_P#)

T^






T^'?^@E\



+O7/\ Y+H_X9I\


M!+X@?^%WKG_R70!Z!17G_P#PS3X=_P@E\0/_[US_Y+H_X9I\._]!+X@?\


MY_\ \


M _\ [US_P2ZY?XN?/3_AOX?TG5](U;QQ#?0^)M@!G\8ZM=1/'-JUI#*C

#_P 'JW_*4WP#_P!DJT[_ -.^L5_3]7\P/_!Z

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5Y_^TK_ 
DZTW_L

M_3OK%?T_5_

DUH5\F_\%M/@7X?^
__




#=NMW'Y



M++_PCVZ*566VQ+'(KB64F2,Q*LI./+)Q[&-*ISP4[6NDS[KHKY__P%C_M3
M?]$;_9__ /#R:O\ _

Q1_PL?\ :F_Z(W^S_P#^'DU?_P9
MB@#Z HKY_P#^%C_M3?\ 1&_V?_\ P\FK_P#S,4?\+'_:F_Z(W^S_ /\ AY-7
M_P#F8H ^@**^?_\ A8_[4W_1&_V?_P#P\FK_ /S,4?\ Q_VIO\ HC?[/_\

Q1_PL?\ :F_Z

M_P#

M-_T1O]G_ /\ #R:O_P#


Q1_PL?\ :F_Z(W^S_P#^'DU?
M_P9B@#Z HKY_P#^%C_M3?\ 1&_V?_\ P\FK_P#S,4?\+'_:F_Z(W^S_ /\
MAY-7_P#F8H ^@**^?_\ A8_[4W_1&_V?_P#P\FK_ /S,4?\ Q_VIO\ HC?[

Q1_PL?\

M#R:O_P#



Q1_PL?\ :F_Z(W^S_P#^
M'DU?_P9B@#Z HKY_P#^%C_M3?\ 1&_V?_\ P\FK_P#S,4?\+'_:F_Z(W^S_
M /\ AY-7_P#F8H ^@**^?_\ A8_[4W_1&_V?_P#P\FK_ /S,4?\ Q_VIO\

Q1_P

M /\ #R:O_P#



Q1_PL?\ :F_Z(W^S
M_P#^'DU?_P9B@#Z HKY_P#^%C_M3?\ 1&_V?_\ P\FK_P#S,4?\+'_:F_Z(
MW^S_ /\ AY-7_P#F8H ^@**^?_\ A8_[4W_1&_V?_P#P\FK_ /S,4?\ Q_V


PW%0C 'T_7\


M_P!_P2=_Y19?LT_]DJ\+_P#IHM:^@*^?_P#@D[_RBR_9I_[)5X7_ /31:U]

MP16A10;3NCBOB5^S9\.?C/X@\.ZMXP\ ^O%FJ^$)OM.@WNLZ':WUQHDNY&
M\RUDE1F@;='&=T94YC4]5&)OB1^S[X!^
GB/PWK'B_P/X0\5:OX.NOMV@7VL

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




M4
 ?SKX@^)/_  4K_9S3_@I=\+-6;X_?!-=+T?X;^-M-O[P^.-
^SV-U-JOA

PMY2 0C8J47%N+W1-.:G%3CL]3[KHKY__ .'L7[+/
M_1RW[/\ _P'#TC_ .2*/^'L7[+/_1RW[/\ _P'#TC_ .2*DH^@**^?_P#A


MKY__ .'L7[+/_1RW[/\ _P'#TC_ .2*/^'L7[+/_1RW[/\ _P'#TC_ .2*
Q?LL_]'+?L_P#_ (</













MKY__ .'L7[+/_1RW[/\ _P'#TC_ .2*/^'L7[+/_1RW[/\ _P'#TC_ .2*
Q?LL_]'+?L_P#_ (</













MKY__ .'L7[+/_1RW[/\ _P'#TC_ .2*/^'L7[+/_1RW[/\ _P'#TC_ .2*
Q?LL_]'+?L_P#_ (</












=#U;4IHK?2=2OM1_LC3;4D/O
S75QL8_



[VS7V)X'


M^)?BN7#-:-.XTZV[A
,M.U_N_+UBSED\N&9I'VQH[G:#
MA48G@$UT'E'T_7\P/_!ZM_RE-\ _]DJT[_T[ZQ7]/U?S _\ !ZM_RE-\ _\
M9*M._P#3OK% '[_?\$G?^467[-/_ &2KPO\ ^FBUKZ KY_\ ^3O_*++]FG_

B5-T+&

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBFR2+%&S
RJJC)). !0 ZOG-
M_P#@K3^S[&[*?B 
33+)&#_K$VRJ5SM/!QD9^OJ];UO;48U.Z5[=^I\#GV6O+\PK8.S2A)
MI<V[C=\KV5[JSNE9] HHHKH/)BBB@ HHHH **** BOGO\ X*3_ +6?B']C
M?X%:7XF\,V.BW^H7^NPZ6R:G%+)L;P7$I8.1#NSH^]C!/%?'?PS_X+G_$

MSH4:GLJCU/KLIX)S3
L)]=PL4X:]==-[+\C]2**^-/$O_!:3P7?ZFVF^ ?!?
!;3P/K,VM1^&SJ'VV7[++!#NF^S!-OF*I;_52<@8]<UX/^PU

__  #MUK]=/'/_

M)W_!WX%?$'3_ !5X5\'_ -EZ]I?F?9;K^U;V?RO











9Z'..
_6-%11RK#TJOMH+77TU-\QXZ


#_P 'JW_*4WP#_P!DJT[_
M -.^L5_3]7\P/_!ZM_RE-\ _]DJT[_T[ZQ0!^_W_  2=_P467[-/_9*O__





I--.S%&2DKK8^@****!A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%([K&C
CE /,*<<E_* ]:R(_V&/CQ^VZW7QN^(TGAOP_.
%_N/M_<@CLS&<U]G^!/AWH/PN\/1:3X;T;3-#TV'[EM8VR01Y]2%

M/(_V??V&?AA^S-'%)X7\+V:ZI&


MM
&HVK&&'4)!T\[9RKGIYB@D@D
'&

%';_2O&R_##X\:?_PA?C^T
M*PPZA.HAL=6SPK%A\B


J[3]R^ O'^B_%'PE9:]X=U.SUC1]1C\RWN

X

O+
MRDNL7JOQ-BBBBNH\
**** L7X@?$30_A5X3N]=\2:K8Z+I%BNZ:ZNI1'&GH
M/=CTC))X )KQ7]KS_@HEX2_9@E&A6





M .TK_P DZTW_ +&KPY_Z?+&@#TOY@?^#U;_ )2F^ ?^R5:=_PG?6*_I^K^

M_P $G?\ E%E^S3_V2KPO_PFBUKZ H *\=_X*$_S7OCC^PI\8/!OA:Q_M3Q
M)XI\'ZII6EV?G1P?:KF:UDCCCWR
J+N9@


_C-]=17-PLKVC0:M-(%MA<3!K/9L/F*P^W:*<7:/)]

MCI\;-)'8V\=NK-U8(H4$_E7Q!\2?V5O'3?\ !2[X66?_  TK\;%N+[X;^-KJ



M^&-OB+_T=C^T!_X*/!'_ 
SU?0%% 'S_ /\ #&WQ%_Z.Q_: _P#!1X(_^9ZC
M_AC;XB_]'8_M ?\ @H\$?_


M_P&-OB+_P!'8_M ?^CP1_\SU?0%% 'S_\ \

]7T!10!\_\ _#&WQ%_Z.Q_: _\ !1X(_P#F

;?$7_H[']H#_ 
%'@C_Y
MGJ/^&-OB+_T=C^T!_PCP1_\SU?0%% 'S__ 

;?$7_ *.Q_: _\%'@C_YG
MJ/\ AC;XB_\ 1V/[0'_@H\$?_

MYGJ/^&-OB+_T=C^T!_X*/!'_ 
SU?0%% 'S_ /\ #&WQ%_Z.Q_: _P#!1X(_
M^9ZC_AC;XB_]'8_M ?\ @H\$?_
4?\,;?$7_H[']H#_P %
M'@C_ .9ZC_AC;XB_]'8_M ?^CP1_P#
]7T!16HSY_\ ^&-OB+_T=C^T!_X*
M/!'_ 
SU'_#&WQ%_Z.Q_: _\%'@C_P9ZOHB@#Y_P#^&-OB+_T=C^T!_P

MH\$?_
]1_P 
;?$7_H[']H#_ 
%'@C_YGJ^@** /G_\ X8V^(O\ T=C^T!_X
M*/!'_P SU'_#&WQ%_PCL?V@/_!1X(_^9ZOHB@#Y_\ ^&-OB+_T=C^T!_X*
M/!'_ 
SU'_#&WQ%_Z.Q_: _\%'@C_P9ZOHB@#Y_P#^&-OB+_T=C^T!_P

MH\$?_
]1_P 
;?$7_H[']H#_ 
%'@C_YGJ^@** /G_\ X8V^(O\ T=C^T!_X
M*/!'_P SU'_#&WQ%_PCL?V@/_!1X(_^9ZOHB@#Y_\ ^&-OB+_T=C^T!_X*
M/!'_ 
SU'_#&WQ%_Z.Q_: _\%'@C_P9ZOHB@#Y_P#^&-OB+_T=C^T!_P

MH\$?_
]1_P 
;?$7_H[']H#_ 
%'@C_YGJ^@** /G_\ X8V^(O\ T=C^T!_X
M*/!'_P SU'_#&WQ%_PCL?V@/_!1X(_^9ZOHB@#Y_\ ^&-OB+_T=C^T!_X*
M/!'_ 
SU'_#&WQ%_Z.Q_: _\%'@C_P9ZOHL_Q7XNTGP)H%QJVN:II^C:79


0!^-3&I&7PLVJX2O2:


-B


W((& ..YY


ML8[;PY?6NIW;$.G+)J5CJ
2Q\\LDR;B@$@4LK^UZ'H/[?7CS589M\=?%;2


9W;H5Y)(P3QW'T)1@L!B(TN6K4:\E;\[-AQ)Q5E-;&N



;?$7_H[']H

ML?V@/_!1X(_^9ZOHB@#YM\8_L^
/B#X8O=%US]J#XZ:MI.HQF*YM+G0_ T
MD4RGL0?#OT(/4$ CD5\T_&G]AOXQ_P#!/?PI=:K\_B-X[N_4B1/KD44.FW










M_



]7T!17?1HPI1Y*:LC
MY?'9AB



MX8V^(O\ T=C^T!_X*/!'_P SU?0%% 'S_P#\
;?$7_H[']H#_P %'@C_ .9Z


-I7K1B^UU?[M_
MP
Y581W9D:S^REXZ\/6:W%[^UQ\?+:%IHH [Z1X(P7D=8T7_ )%[N[*/QK*^
M(G[-/C3X?VOA_5]6_:$^


M --%K7T!7S__ 


MM\#M:\/Z;XU^(7@?P?J/BR7R-#M=;UVUT^;69-R+LMDF=6F;=)&

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4453U_Q'I_

EO=0O+:QLX!ND
!?^A+


\@_P#/
U9'[==_X2^7QA\.?$VA


V]G);2_4\C\
?MR_#;Q*55M;DTV5
MNB7MK)'_ ./ %/\ QZO1/#/Q#T'QHJMI&M:3JFX9Q:W:2G\E)(K-\4? SP;X




LO


M-#)'-#

MY%2%F&
J#$ S 9(PW!P?K@?LV?M=^+M
\!6OAC2?!MQXLN-%0XFAN'WQP$_(
HG_D4?.G[3WF1MV?^WANGX5W?ZQ




K#((/!%

)X65&3

W




M5VKOHS]+JQ_%_P 0M ^'UG]HU[7-'T.WQN\W4+R.V3'KER!7Q^W[ W[0WQ9!

/&
M-])\T[7^H^5'*WK^Z59/SD/UKTOK&)E\%*W^)I?@KGS?]D9/1_WG&\S[4X2E

MKX _87^#_P 
?+.C_#KPM'+%RDUS9B\F0^HDFWN#[YKT'Q#X#T/Q=X5ET+5M




M#_%7RX]-URWAO)
 6=Y_H\^?0!N&/^X6KR\CXLP680LY*
[OW6[.U]+7WNK7


MQL2;IR?3

M(XARZC+DE53EVC[S^Z-V1*M!:7/HBJVK:U9Z#9-<WUU;65NGWI9Y5C1?J6(%
M?/W_  C_ .T!\4S_ *9JFA^![.3EHK?:TP'L5\QL_P# UJQI7_!/_2]6O5O/
M&'BKQ%XJO!U,DQC4^N2Q=_R85S_VQC:W^Z867K-J^[67X(GVDG\
?OT*_[6




M@8Q:VJ0Y_P^0*UJ*]3Y7@\-_N]*
?1)/[]S2-.


M_I^K^8'_ (/5O^4IO@'_ +)5IW_IWUBO7-#]_O\ @D[_ 


MOUE6?XL\):5X]\


MZ:C_ '8J-DVGS=)X2^U_\(KIGV_?]N^R1?:=_P![S-@W9]]V:^)/B3X\_:
'


M_:F_Z(W^S_\ ^'DU?_YF*/\ A8_[4W_1&_V?_P#P\FK_ /S
5] 45)H?/_\

5] 44
M ?/_ /PL?]J;_HC?[/\ _P'DU?_ .9BC_A8_PU-_T1O]G_ /\ #R:O_P#
MQ7T!10!\_P#_  L?]J;_ *(W^S__ .'DU?\ ^9BC_A8_[4W_ $1O]G__ 
/)
MJ_\ \S%?0%% 'S__ 
+'_:F_Z(W^S_\ ^'DU?_YF*/\ A8_[4W_1&_V?_P#P
M\FK_ /S
5] 44 ?/_P#PL?\ :F_Z(W^S_P#^'DU?_P9BC_A8_[4W_1&_P!G
M_P#\/)J__P S%?0%% 'S_P#\+'_:F_Z(W^S_ /\ AY-7_P#F8H_X6/\ M3?]
M$;_9_P#_  \FK_\ S,5] 44 ?/\ _P +'_:F_PB-_L__P#AY-7_ /F8H_X6
M/^U-_P!$;_9__P##R:O_ /

M5_\ YF*/^%C_ +4W_1&_V?\ _P /)J__ 

PZIJTFVW
MFO(+-0#R3(X#-_P!-[D=PA'4UE6K4Z--U:KM%:ML3DDKL\G_ .%C_M3?]$;_
M &?_ /P\FK__ #
4?\+'_:F_Z(W^S_\ ^'DU?_YF*]XO]8M-+L_M%U=6]O;X

MR:O_ /
Q1JG_  4
\



O;Y:$G4?:$92_%*WXF?MX=-?0L
M?\+'_:F_Z(W^S_\ ^'DU?_YF*XGQE^VO\;?AWXR7P[KGPU^!=AK4L2SQI_PM
M?4VL%B*R
QFN3X?5XI!L4+&()/


M

M;*2345I35]5[OVO63?H:QI\ZYIN_Y'S;X3U3]I#P)HZ:?HWP*_9TTRSCZ16_

M.C;8^?\ _A8_[4W_ $1O]G__ 




M\$$9K[2HKSZV4X&K4]K5HPE+NXIO[VKD.G!N[2/G_P#X6/\ M3?]$;_9_P#_
M  \FK_\ S
4?\+'_ &IO^B-_L_\ _AY-7_\ F8KZ HKTSY__P%C_M3?]$;
M_9__ /#R:O\ _



M90?-S@_(5\OR7^T/K%6+]JG?FYI;K;[5OE:W0^LP_AYFF(P:S*C34HR5U9WD

7+T6GWNR%_JCB
M*6N85:=#RE-.7_@

MZ_





MN
#EKOX^^);@G\&\.E1^ %0^(?V/OC%J^YK7X*_!?1VZ@VOQQUA@I_[:^%WK

%2#P01P0:YZ^0Y=55IT(/_ +=2_%*Y
M\SB)2KR=2L^9OJ]6?DS#H[Z:]Q#=:;H^GW?F
ES%IFHMJ5JS E24N6MK9IE.
M

TA
M?[Y&' R
8'U/_P *$\_]7X3_\ !1;_ /Q%:_A?P+HG@B.9=%T?2M'6X(
H







MU5:M)_@5K/\ :?\ VA-2\?WGA.W^$_P(;Q)IL'VN[@;XO:JMND+;-FV3_A&B
M6D^8EE**%4QD


#D?$V89MSPPL81<7O)MV3



M#;?P^OP;^!/A_2891
]OHWQAUV6X8#[\^%&R!DD#CDY.2!C[#HKLIY%E].
MDZ
*
5&6CTU?J]W\V4J
$K)'Y^P?L1?'VF22/X9_Y)(V#*R_&Z_!4CH1_Q











M_@NI_P#(E?6(?TF3?\+'_:F_Z(W^S_\ ^'DU?_YF*9=?%#]J*RMI)IO@_P#L
M^0PPJ7DD?XS:LJHH&223X8P !WIG_#8_CK_HB7BS_OJX_P#D6O/_ -HW]LSQ

M-I:+DFKOHKN*2N^Y
L1!*_Z
]&_X6/\ M3?]$;_9_P#_  \FK_\ S
4?\+'_
M &IO^B-_L_\ _AY-7_\ F8KD?@_^W'XLU#P59V=K\.M8\67&E0I;7-]93RMY


MF*JZC\8OVG-)NK*&Y^$7[/D


MH_X6/^U-_P!$;_9__P##R:O_ /
Q7T!10!\__P#Q_VIO^B-_L__ /AY-7_^
M9BC_ (6/^U-_T1O]G_\ \/)J_P#\S%?0%% 'S_\ \+'_ &IO^B-_L_\ _AY-
M7_\ F8H_X6/^U-_T1O\ 9_\ _#R:O_\ ,Q7T!7#_ !@_:)\*_!&S+:UJ_;&
M7=%86^)+J7T^7/R@_P!YB![UAB

GX-
M_L_@#J?^%R:O_P#



1)E! (#







6L74F?4&3PPV#]
5W\/Q!_:DMXECC^#/[/L:*
*J_&

M (6/^U-_T1O]G_\ \/)J_P#\S%8'Q$\:_'W5[7P_;^-OAI\'_#_AF3Q5H'VR


MP#_V2K3O_3OK% '[_?\ !)W_ )19?LT_]DJ\+_\ IHM:^@*^?_\ @D[_ 
HL









MF^&=.



;=%RQWU[MF=2A.2MS'RQ^R
M/^SQX3_:*\
7-]KVJ:]=:KI
P@EM!=*L:1$9C894M@@$8##!0^U?1GA?]DKX

MZXU.Z6!0TK10QM(X0$@%MJG ) SW%?(G_#]SX1_][\1_P#P LO_ )*KMBZ
M-%VJR2/8RW(





DWHG?IIK;Y

MM_J[O5I)HX9








?^*5_9_M=#63[IU^X

#0-]^*&*.60#KP1#


C_5]_P _M6BC^SJ;^-REZR?Z

M*MV]UO?=L\FW9?+\ORL;B6W;^V*[_P#X)\_\$IO$?[-/QMO?$7CYO 7B336T


MRC&2Y9*Z Y/_ (4)X%_Z$OPG_PBW_^(KHM&T2S\.:9#9:?9VMA9VX(B@MX
MEBBC!))VJH '))X]:M45G3PU&F[TX)/R20E%+8****V&%%%% !1110 4444


G)))P
ECP!Q7




M1\[X?^(_^$DT6'D:+JA&Y5_NKDA?Q1HS[&OHZBN&IPW@;)T8NG*.TH/EDOGU
M7D[HCV



MB3

OE&\JBB[I.


MDZTW_L:O#G_I\L: /0*_F!_X/5O^4IO@'_LE6G?^G?6*_I^K^8'_ (/5O^4I



M@JT74^&ZOUTZGS)^V_\ M*?%#1/%OQ-E\#^
V\(V?P$^%]E\2+JS32[.[C\8
MW







VC^([*UU33Y&R2




[*=')(1O5IUIO

X)!_3V

M)-HWD6\[2+'+&%+/$X*$2L2
9R%YXY\?$\'49T912CS-6NTW+Y.3E9^9M0EP

MQSA'#;&&SE6Q@CN:^F;K_@M!\!/#5O(UGX#\31_9VRKC2-/@B)SC=N\_(!]
M2N?85W'PT_X(O_WX6?$;0/$^GZ]X^FO_#FI6^J6T=S?6C0O+!*LB!PMLI*E
W_X. _A':1[(?#?B2),YVI)9*/_ $=67JG_  <8?O3[Z2%=!U !<8\_5K.
M*3H#RNXX_/I7Z&54UO7['PSITEYJ5[::?9Q_?GN9EBC3ZLQ %?31PV*V57_R
M5?YF7]JY)TP#_P#!LOTBC\[=6_X.2OA;IUBTRZ$!M(YG\0VD
?7NW./RKPC]



(F_%2

?9Q4+2=].:V

;;QY;7N]XMORU4EZ::V;C_ (*M?LN6DS1R_M)?
M ..2



FOI+_A[%^RS_ -'+?L__




R(C/NF=VY6-!@''R].37:UT8?+ZL*2A*

R?V-?#_F*#_P CYHC^







MC3F[M))M*U[=;:V]#:*LK








MIWUB@#]_O^3O_*++]FG_LE7A?\ ]-%K7T!7S_\ \$G?^467[-/_ &2KPO\
M^FBUKZ H **** BBB@ KY_^(W_*4WX-_P#9*O'G_IW\&5] 5\__ !&_Y2F_
M!O\ [)5X\_\ 3OX
H ^@**** O'_C?^P7\)_P!H(32^(/!^FKJ,V2=1L%^Q
MWF[^\SQXWG_?##VKVBM*5:I2ES4VT_+0J
G%W1\2R_\$X?BK^SC*UU\#_B_
MJ5M91DLFA:^?
MB
YQG:T18]

^.7PK
+7(

M_$17K4?_  4Q^*WQG11\*O@/KM]:S &#5-89UM7STSM5(Q_W^K)_9*_X(XV7



ML_;(_P/?C;XY?M(^)/%7@^]^'^A^'=6-NUM932SVTD)2VBCD)CBMV0;I$=

M50JJ


M BBH;_@U6QANK6:&YM;F-989HG#QRHPRK*PX(((((X(- $U%4]=\06'A?2



_M2?M.83X??#6Q^&^BW!.S5_$)W3JO\


M/M8LO/BZW BN1/&ZV=YC'[Y) I1,]U8@@YQD=&_M _\$;_ASX_\(:/9^;9





MYR/N;]F+_@IS\

M@'&=


Y6!
R

M7#75I903.-*E?HZ2I&XCW8.48 -CJ#S7UOX=_PU?PQDO?L?B30?&WA.]4@
/E7['\1M M689QJ3/IVWV)N%0?K7K/AKQIH_C2U\_1]6TS5H1UDL[I)
MU_-217DU,/5I_P 2+7JFCGE2W1IT45F^+_%VF^ ?]_K6L7D.GZ7I<#7-U<
MS'0QJ


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M^(W_ E-^#?_ &2KQY_Z=_!E?0%?GQ)_96\=-_P4N^%EG_PTK\;%N+[X;^-
MKJ&^&E^$/M&GQQZKX3#6T0_L/RC%(98V8RH\@-M%LD0&42R0?==%?/\ _P 
M;?$7_H[']H#_ 
%'@C_YGJ/^&-OB+_T=C^T!_PCP1_\SU 'T!17S__ 

;
M?$7_ *.Q_: _\%'@C_YGJ/\ AC;XB_\ 1V/[0'_@H\$?_
]0!] 45\__ /#&

SU 'T!17S_ /\
M#&WQ%_Z.Q_: _P#!1X(_^9ZC_AC;XB_]'8_M ?\ @H\$?_
]0!] 45\__P##



M

8FL)+C'(7)EYVYVKDBNK'_!'RX^'8#?#7XT?$'P

MM:BO@_QY^SK^VQX0T-K7PM\9]




M^%I_/_
_5.BOR]\

XD2[\




MT=C^T!_X*/!'_P SU 'T!17S_P#\
;?$7_H[']H#_P %'@C_ .9ZC_AC;XB_

@1L#Y1M(8




M+\2-5AU;XS?$[Q7X_OD.\6D4[06L)/50SEFV_PX(O\ 'Z.^#O[*OPZ^ ,+
MX1\'Z+H\R#;]J6#S;MA_M3OND;\6[FO/_P#AC;XB_P#1V/[0'_@H\$?_ #/4
M?\

MAC;XB_\ 1V/[0'_@H\$?_
]1_P 
;?$7_H[']H#_ 
%'@C_YGJXS
^@**^?_


;?

]7=_:6*Y8Q51I1V

&
PO^;D_RJ!O



M!


MKN.42?0J3G\*_

'YD#






77A*;P_I/_
WD)MY=
BMEBMBA[!% D'!!7!
M! (((!KR'_AC;XB_]'8_M ?^CP1_P#


SU8RJ2E+G;U[D\







MOQ\_Z-G\1?\ ?ZX_^


]7F7Q7_X(UV'Q






M9ZC_ (8V^(O_ $=C^T!_X*/!'_S/4 ?0%%?/_P#PQM\1?^CL?V@/_!1X(_\

;?$7_H[']H#_P %'@C_






M ?\ LE6G?^G?6*_I^K^8'_@]6_Y2F^ ?^R5:=_Z=]8H _?[_ ()._P#*++]F
MG_LE7A?_ --%K7T!7S__ 
$G?^467[-/_9*O_\ Z:+6OH@ HHHH **** 
MOG_XC?\ *4WX-_\ 9*O'G_IW\&5] 5\__$;_ )2F_!O_ +)5X\_]._@R@#Z
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
S

M&./5+N*WU#0;=1'':O+($$\(Z)P+KPL8RPP@(3]%J*[L#F%;SYZ3^71FM
M*M*F[Q/SN\?L)?'3_@GO?GQ1\


M5+

RAXY(V#*ZGD$$









M^#-MM+T?3[+2]-LT\NUM(5AAA7T5%  'T%3S83#?#^\GW^ROEO+YV0?NX;

/[/O\ P2O\-^$/$/\ PEOQ-U.Y^*'CBX8337&ILTEE#)_LQN29


KT5I2K
M3I24Z;LUU149.+NCX#LOBE\:/^7%Y#IOC:WNOB?\(E=8;76;?/VO2TSA5)8




:R!&]]KJ?KD=00'RMZH#5HHHI








MY/K^E6=+_P'_P=L#F;4?'5]\^X^?J4 R/3Y(%X_7GK7G_5\$MZS^4/\VC'





:'X-^VF7MQI_C[2IK^W\0Z2MUJ\NHZ=;

M\*?$G]JGQTO_  4N^%EY_P 
U?&QKBQ^&_C:UAL1JGA#[1J$;ZKX3+7
1_MS

M/B+_ -&G?M ?^#?P1_\ -#0!] 45\_\ _#9'Q%_Z-._: _\ !OX(_P#FAH_X
M;(^(O_1IW[0'_@W\$?\ S0T ?0%%?/\ _P -D?$7_HT[]H#_ 
&_@C_YH:/^
M&R/B+_T:=^T!_P#?P1_\T- 'T!17S__ ,-D?$7_ *-._: _\&_@C_YH:/\
MALCXB_\ 1IW[0'_@W\$?_-#0!] 45\__ /#9'Q%_Z-._: _\&_@C_P:&C_A
MLCXB_P#1IW[0'_@W\$?_ #0T ?0%%?/_ /PV1\1?^C3OV@/_  ;^/\ YH:/
M^&R/B+_T:=^T!_X-_!'_ ,T- 'T!17S_ /\ #9'Q%_Z-._: _P#!OX(_^:&C
M_ALCXB_]&G?M ?\ @W\$?_-#0!] 45\__P##9'Q%_PC3OV@/_!OX(_^:&C_
M (;(^(O_ $:=^T!_X-_!'_S0T ?0%%?/_P#PV1\1?^C3OV@/_!OX(_\ FAH_
MX;(^(O\ T:=^T!_X-_!'_P T- 'T!17S_P#\-D?$7_HT[]H#_P &_@C_ .:&
MC_ALCXB_]&G?M ?^#?P1_P#-#0!] 45\_P#_  V1\1?^C3OV@/\ P;^/_FA
MH_X;(^(O_1IW[0'_ (-_!'_S0T ?0%%?/_\ PV1\1?\ HT[]H#_P;^/_FAH
M_P&R/B+_P!&G?M ?^#?P1_\T- 'T!7'_&3X ^#?V@?#O]E^,?#NFZ[:J#Y9
MGC_?6Y/4Q2+AXS[J0:\O_P&R/B+_P!&G?M ?^#?P1_\T-'_  V1\1?^C3OV

MVB6R

P8

&_
,_-$[=-O\7\/.1P/!?A__P $6/$<W[3]
MYH6O7K?\*]TL1WG]L0C9)J<+LP2


M 


&_@C_YH:/^

MPV1\1?\ HT[]H#_P;^/_FAH_P&R/B+_P!&G?M ?^#?P1_\T- 'T!17S_\
M\-D?$7_HT[]H#_P;^/_ )H:/^&R/B+_ -&G?M ?^#?P1_\ -#0!] 45\_\
M_#9'Q%_Z-._: _\ !OX(_P#FAH_X;(^(O_1IW[0'_@W\$?\ S0T ?0%%?/\
M_P -D?$7_HT[]H#_ ,&_@C_YH:/^&R/B+_T:=^T!_P#?P1_\T- 'T!17S__
M 
-D?$7_ *-._: _\&_@C_YH:/\ ALCXB_\ 1IW[0'_@W\$?_-#0!] 45\__
M /#9'Q%_Z-._: _\&_@C_P:&C_ALCXB_P#1IW[0'_@W\$?_ #0T ?0%%?/_
M /PV1\1?^C3OV@/_  ;^/\ YH:/^&R/B+_T:=^T!_X-_!'_ 
T- 'T!17S_
M /\ #9'Q%_Z-._: _P#!OX(_^:&C_ALCXB_]&G?M ?\ @W\$?_-#0!] 45\_
M_P##9'Q%_PC3OV@/_!OX(_^:&C_ (;(^(O_ $:=^T!_X-_!'_S0T ?0%%?/
M_P#PV1\1?^C3OV@/_!OX(_\ FAH_X;(^(O\ T:=^T!_X-_!'_P T- 'T!17S
M_P#\-D?$7_HT[]H#_P &_@C_ .:&C_ALCXB_]&G?M ?^#?P1_P#-#0!] 45\
M_P#_  V1\1?^C3OV@/\ P;^/_FAH_X;(^(O_1IW[0'_ (-_!'_S0T ?0%%?
M/_\ PV1\1?\ HT[]H#_P;^/_FAH_P&R/B+_P!&G?M ?^#?P1_\T- 'T!17
MS_\ \-D?$7_HT[]H#_P;^/_ )H:/^&R/B+_ -&G?M ?^#?P1_\ -#0!] 45
M\_\ _#9'Q%_Z-._: _\ !OX(_P#FAH_X;(^(O_1IW[0'_@W\$?\ S0T ?0%%
M?/\ _P -D?$7_HT[]H#_ ,&_@C_YH:/^&R/B+_T:=^T!_P#?P1_\T- 'T!1
M7S__ 
-D?$7_ *-._: _\&_@C_YH:/\ ALCXB_\ 1IW[0'_@W\$?_-#0!] 4
M5\__ /#9'Q%_Z-._: _\&_@C_P:&C_ALCXB_P#1IW[0'_@W\$?_ #0T ?0%
M%?/_ /PV1\1?^C3OV@/_  ;^/\ YH:/^&R/B+_T:=^T!_X-_!'_ 
T- 'T!
M17S_ /\ #9'Q%_Z-._: _P#!OX(_^:&C_ALCXB_]&G?M ?\ @W\$?_-#0!]



M8FB?';]MR\T:SF7X0^ Y%EA1P]S/'#

Z@I1CW4JI!R
#I5K_A=W[;G
M_1'OAS_X&Q?_ RKU+_ALCXB_P#1IW[0'_@W\$?_ #0T?\-D?$7_ *-._: _
M\&_@C_YH:X_[2C_SXA]S_P#DC/VR_E7X_P9Y;_PN[]MS_HCWPY_\#8O_EE1

MB+_T:=^T!_X-_!'_ 
T-']I1_P?$/N?_P D'ME_*OQ_S/?B_\ M#?MI:!\
M

CXM_8X^*GQ;




F8X(3W/\9[<^@?^05UXV_Y'[XW?$7Q8K_
M .M42F

.A'[Z2?MQT_PKU+_ (;(^(O_ $:=^T!_X-_!'_S0T?\ #9'Q%_Z-
M._: _P#!OX(_^:&O/_M?$+^':/I%+]+F/UB?33T2.9\'_P#!''X&^&-OVO1=






M?M ?^#?P1_\ -#0!] 45\_\ _#9'Q%_Z-._: _\ !OX(_P#FAH_X;(^(O_1I



89


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


#_P 'JW_*4WP#_P!DJT[_ -.^
ML5_3]7\P/_!ZM_RE-\ _]DJT[_T[ZQ0!^_W_  2=_P467[-/_9*O__ *:+



M3723QMK
30B:*,?8L2))YIVU1BZMN7K+E^YP5_3FJ1CWO?2RN5*+5^]KV];
MV7JTKJ^EFM3[@KY_^(W_ E-^#?_ &2KQY_Z=_!E?0%?/_Q&_P4IOP;_PR

J23Z HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MF^ ?^R5:=_Z=]8H _?[_ ()._P#*++]FG_LE7A?_ --%K7T!7S__ 
$G?^46


M/_!-7]G-_P#@I=\+-);X _!-M+UCX;^-M2O[
^!]
^SWUU#JOA-(;B6/R-KR






















M10!\5_\ !0KX[7'COXP+\$]:T'XL:3\)[K2X[SQIKWA[X:^(O$9\503
RG0;

M?\I3? /_ &2K3O\ T[ZQ7]/U?S _\'JW_*4WP#_V2K3O_3OK% '[_?\ !)W_
M )19?LT_]DJ\+_\ IHM:^@*^?_\ @D[_ 







FGY-)IZ/?9['HWA*_N-5\*Z9=7
M:[+JXM(I9EV[=KL@+#';DGBOD3QO\5_BQJO[;?@7XA6_[+?QLFT'PCX-\3^&

VAZ7%


M/_FAKE?A[^US\=+/Q;XZD\2_LN?&J[T6[UR*7PI%::MX)$UEI@TVQ22*YSKZ






M;7T(A:82
@**=I'RKT'U510!\J_'3]KGXZ:M\$O&-K\/OV7/C5IGCZYT.]B\

&_

\?7.AWL7AJ\U35O!+6-IJ


T-?0%% 'RK
M\8OVN?CIJ7A*SC\#_LN?&K3]:77-(EN9=1U;P2T+Z8FI6SZG$N-?8^=)8+=Q

ED&77JO\ ALCXB_\ 1IW[0'_@W\$?_-#7T!10!\J_&+]KGXZ:EX2L










:IJW@EK&TU-H'%
MI+.%U]R85F,;. C':#\K=#]544 ?/_\ PV1\1?\ HT[]H#_P;^/_FAKE?C%

M. !*\9+(
NOU510!\_\ _#9'Q%_Z-._: _\ !OX(_P#FAKE?C%^US\=-2\)6




MQM\0W5[^RY\:I/ 

1-

QOTU0$%QY4L(W @HOU510!\__P##9'Q%_PC3OV@/_!O

?4KE]
B;.O


@**=I'RKT'U510!\J_'3]KGXZ:



M?(22@\J*8;B2$;JO^&R/B+_T:=^T!_X-_!'_ 

M LGAK]ESXU6FBVFN2R^*XKO5O!)FO=




&FV*217.=?4&8WZ:A(X\J6$;@047JO\

M4OA2*TU;P2)K+3!IMBDD5SG7U!F-^FH2 @N/*EA&X$%%ZK_ALCXB_P#1IW[0


M35O@EXQM?A]^RY\:M


M'Y6Z'ZJHH ^?_P#ALCXB_P#1IW[0'_@W\$?_ #0UROQT_:Y^.FK?!+QC:_#[

=H/RMT/U510!\


MW_IWUBOZ?J_F!_X/5O\ E*;X!_[)5IW_ *=]8H _?[_@D[_RBR_9I_[)5X7_



%-/B5XQTW0_A/XA\*6?B'QK\+=
M2U5'U:P\%WIM]0UR^E6-M!1[V


RM)IUUC=);

C


34/$FL?L]:

@ ]8_9!_




80CB&[D








/#$/D
M3Q:(8KW4K!E


;^UT


/V(?A+X4^+_%32_AGI/AGQUJP;4)Y@$EE=7





BV?V:6:9






MC+_:?
B*M&;97WJJDT ?/_QI^-/Q*T3_ (*A7'@?2[G4&\;:U
M]\.['7?$=

X5?.A
UNYC?:I9&4E5;*CSG
MP+^R]J_Q/\.ZE\


MWVTQ!5#/M5Y%@$LD*/*D;[/


_&3P
M[X
NM6\!7.B7
3_M^._%GBSP]K7@[X.
MZ[X+C^)5O+9P:C-JET)F\(V=UO/]H/9JTT@2-S#YC25QR^U6!]8KY%^+G[
M%FC_ !0_:+\<_%_X0_$*UTO]H+P[-9Z:T[W276GVD<-JC_V%J=M%AS9W*2),
MP?\ ?1/(DT1!4*0#<_X)KW^I_#5/B=\%O$WBCQ1XN\3?GQ/++'JWB.[^U:E




UO'(?XA&;B;!/.'QG  '0


:F)F2$ ]F_91_:&TO]J_\
M9P\&_$31U


.M+T:\M[744






QT;2]/\*Q?V@8])FT&Y<12WL<MM::B/WD\PF: $F%]RCZK_;3_9
^&/[9

M#!@*XSPY^P5=?M*J_P#PT-IMYJ/B[PBC^&$\5^%_$MYH5K\2M!;$R#4;.RGC





M;R;L1NHDMY94

M[XLTS4[73=0@T#5+2+5(88[RW.J6MM-



M(Q+IFH8N$O;B1%:
2+A2];'AG]G-?AWX[^('QL_9C\5+X[\:2^







T4\L5M(DMK



\+_!!?VL?A_X-UCX\?#FPT_QQX0NY@^G0:Q)=
M:1+/'

MO6)2.XND









EW=W(BB2)7GGD+232E$4-)(S.V

MQQ


TCQ&1OK


M15EOIXHLSS06T9:9XK=6ED6
J@!.Y0#U'Q?XMTSP!X3U37M:OK;2]&T6TEO[



MJ;QKXIN+O3C+H3:-K&K:5#%#;65QJ
$G[Y;CRXBH68+((UBW)$28U]QHHH *

MM+*V_P!H2&2(-F.22/!0/M!SU !(^%_B#^U3K'[57[3?AC2M2TS2OA'^T5\'


M7J-A& E]92SQVUQI\+1N7N7CD^X_V






.[1D@H2:\-_8J\4^%_
MCA^TIX9T7POJOQ
^(GAZQM+C4OB'X:^)Z7NL7'PW\46+6QM)DN+X
+2]
LLZ




-U ;M5$%M*_SSQ-&Q7JOV
7T7QY\;-)D\'_  DU[P9\

M_P#@GQ#^V]X5O/C!IOBG_AO_QXL9X/'?@VYTK^U[C396O)!K-IHFIFX06%


U3^._B?Q5X*^#'BC5_ _AN



M#CXK?$?PWXO^!?CKX2^(6C;5_
/_ !*MS)#J=M::FB 6VIV;K#=)9WD=O/.]



M+.Y
A)OM


S:)\1/A[X\TWPIJSZ5=_$8V

H9(F3#R1  YW0?VHM5^*%_'K%U

M3N4VI)^JG@_P?I/P^\*:;H6@Z;8Z-HNCVT=G8V%E L%M9P1J%2..-0%5%4 !


MZI'H6F_;/[#TN-]C7UTS




/.5
21K& -_9@@OO$?A7PUX#UKX3^
/%7Q*\5^*[&\



:I;LS3IV^??VM?VQH_VJ=/^.?[-/[07


M9RB:XTVVO98Q?+;
EU%]G&5



!NO%2)





MUUC?#OP/:_#+P#HOARQN-3N[+0;&'3X)]1O9;Z\F2) BM-/*6DED(&6=R2QR




[.TV/E1410#T+]FCP')\

M?!.@W'A_P[X4O=
T2TBO='T&W2WTS3[KRE





D21
MLKJ

M_'6I6MQ'XA^%FEZ!IWA_PK\-W$@*6D^J7\$




M=XGL(E\?:%JEMI\6C^(]$U#9;7%QHS6D




KSQ)JWC;QE\3O$=O9MH/A

47F





^*-(;1O%NCPK$^C^,XP MO)?VTB,LDT[E25=KE'
;LZ */7J* $1!&@
M50%51@ #@EHHH **** O+_ !#^QE\-/%G[16F_%?4O#*7GCK2$1;2^EOKE
MH(F1'C2;[+YGV8SI'+(BS&(RJKL%8 XKUB@ HHHH **** *?B'2/^$AT^T
D/XD\7:DE[?P6$.+2%8HXH((C(HD<11*97 :0N54K[%10 4
M444 %%%% 'E_[57[*NA_M5^!K2QOKO4/#_B/P_=#5/#'B?2V6/5/#&H*I75

/[

M?$FHNJK)=3E0%7Y41$B0+'%'''&BJB*!Z110 4444 %%%% 'F?[1/[*OA[]H





M-KU_XR\9?$C6K&S?0?#5]XHNQ=3^%M#WK(NFV[  O\RIYEQ)NGF$
(D=A$@'

M2(P5TD0AT=592&4$=110!R'P8^$


8Y$7PS)XC
M23S%U3R\;Q\^)C; ^0URJ3E/
&3]144 %%%% !1110 5_
#_ 
'JW_*4WP#_

\+?V


M/^K7?_

NC_B.<_ZM=_\ ,D?_ 'KH _?ZBOP!_P(



D?_
N
MC_B.<_ZM=_\ ,D?_ 'KH _?ZBOP!_P(YS_JUW_S)'_WKH_XCG/^K7?_ #)'

M (CG/^K7?_




M
NC_B.<_ZM=_\ ,D?_ 'KH _?ZBOP!_P(YS_JUW_S)'_WKH_XCG/^K7?_

M_ '_ (CG/^K7?_




M=_\ 
NC_B.<_ZM=_\ ,D?_ 'KH _?ZBOP!_P(YS_JUW_S)'_WKH_XCG/^

M]_J*_ '_ (CG/^K7?_





NC_B.<_ZM=_\ ,D?_ 'KH _?ZBOP!_P(YS_JUW_S)'_WKH_X



NC_B.<_ZM=_\ ,D?_
M 'KH _?ZBOP!_P(YS_JUW_S)'_WKH_XCG/^K7?_ #)'_P!ZZ /W^HK\ ?\



NC_B.<_ZM=_\ ,D?_ 'KH _?ZBOP!_P(YS_JUW_S)'_W



D?_ 'KH _?ZOY@?

%V  ?_]D!
end







begin 644 bungelogoa10.jpg


    /@

M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M                                                 $-L875D:6$N
M16YR:7%U97H    %D 
  @   !0  !JD 0  @   !0  !^DI$  @    
X
M
0  DI(  @    
X

M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M                            
C Q-SHP





N;W)G+S$Y.3DO
#(O
C(M

M
61A+6%D
S$M9#







M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @

M$0'_Q  ?   !!0$! 0$! 0           0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$   0,#
M @0#!04$!    7T! @, !!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4,H&1H0@C0K'!%5+1\0S







 P$  A$#$0 _ /I&







M=%T4X4FMOQ)H7Q.3Q#=_V)J+R6+/NA)FQ@'MCVK@O@[_ 
E.T[_=D_\ 037T

\
_L;XO\ _/ZW_@11
M_8WQ?_Y_6_\  BMW6_#WQ2LIW_LC7S?PY^7(56 ]\C%9UEI7QBN9@D^H-:KW
M=V0X_*FIW5_=$X-.VI3_ +&^
%=&U72K,_P!NZQ+J=T_4L %7Z<5P?[0/_(KZ?_U\'^0K*$U4JQBT
MK&TZ;ITG)-W'?!?Q1K'B.;5&UB\:X\LKL!Z+TZ5V?Q&UZTKP#JEY83-#<11



MKY 2-Y
B-&?:
G:
[#T-?28Z5\C?#[_DHFB?]?:_SKZY'2N['0C:44<&!G*






M*W]S5O\ OVU?0VAC.A67_7%?Y5H;17




MQ5M$CSWQK\4=5\;J-+T^W:WLY#CRD.7E^O\ A70?#3X1W3ZA#J_B:'R8HB'A



M1_W7Y'B'P9@BN?B L-Q&LD;VSAD89!&172?$7X.26?FZKX6C
D'+2V@Y*^Z_
MX5S_ 


M
L@X6;Z^_O7S[?6%WI=\]I?0O;W$9PR


YOWN#GY'VFK!ER#D
2:9F)/UP/TKW#X!:+%#H-WJSH#-<2[%;'11V_,5X(X
M*RNIZAB#^=?27P-N%E^'L4:]8965N?<FNS&WC021RX+WL0VSTFBBBO /?C.
M**\[^+6M^(-%L-/D\



5\G#M]17UA\3?^2;ZS_U[G^8KY/'.









M4\

O!A95^5O[K=C7GJLEB/:+:YWNBW




5O);^&8


M)?\ )1HO^O=_YBOIL=*^9/@E_P E&B_Z]W_F*^FA6V/_ (ICE_\ %KC_''P
M\TSQE9'SD$-ZH_=7*CD'W]17845PQG*#O$[IPC-6D?'?B;PMJ?A34VL]5@*\
M_)*!\L@]0:T?OC_ %3PS;3V2L;BPGC*- Y^Z3W%?3GB'PWIOB;2WLM5MUEC

*ZY*FYXE?#3H/GI




W\$YVFO


=
^
OA*UTN



Z45YC9?&[
M1-2UFUT^RM;IFN)A&K.F 
-+NRSVMI% _537HM%:0JSA\+L9SI0
MG\2/+#^S[X4/_+_K'_?Z+_XW0/V??@_Y?\ 6#_VVB_^-UZG16GUJM_
9?5:





MLSC\:[\#%%%7.I*;O)W)A3C#X58*@NK*VO86BNX4FC88*NN:GHJ-BFD]S@]4


MI]%.%:I35HNP3HTZCO)7/

M'_\ &Z].HJ_K5;^8CZK1_E/


 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=bg_BrazilianSugarAndBioenergyJointVentureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ProceedsfromContributionsofInteresttoJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_JointVenturePrivateSaleRightsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_JointVentureInitialPublicOfferingTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_UnsecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ProceedsfromContributionsofInteresttoJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_SugarAndBioenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_AgribusinessMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_EdibleOilProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_MillingProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_OtherIndustrialInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfEquityInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesIncludedInStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesIncludedInStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramAccordionFeatureAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramAccordionFeatureExercisedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=bg_BungeSecuritizationBVMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_QualitativeAndQuantitativeInformationAssetsOrLiabilitiesForTransferorsContinuingInvolvementInSecuritizationOrAssetBackedFinancingArrangementTransfereesCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerecognizedAssetsSecuritizedOrAssetbackedFinancingArrangementAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherPrincipalAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QualitativeAndQuantitativeInformationTransferorsContinuingInvolvementArrangementsOfFinancialSupportAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_AccountsReceivableSoldToSecuritizationFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowsBetweenTransfereeAndTransferorProceedsFromNewTransfers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_CashCollectionsFromCustomersOnReceivablesPreviouslySold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuritizationFinancialAssetForWhichTransferIsAccountedAsSaleGainLossOnSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_TransfersOfFinancialAssetsAccountedForAsSalePaymentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=bg_BungeSecuritizationBVMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_PercentageOfAdditionalDeferredPurchasePriceReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=bg_BungeSecuritizationBVMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_PercentageOfAdditionalDeferredPurchasePriceReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_DeferredTaxliabilitiesOperatingLeaseAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUndistributedForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IncomeTaxWithholdingsOnUndistributedEarningsIfEarningsWereToBeDistributed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OperatingLossCarryforwardsIndefinitely'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLimitationsOnUsePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OperatingLossCarryforwardsPeriodOfRealization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_BR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OperatingLossCarryforwardsIndefinitely'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetsNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesIssuances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersIntoLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersOutOfLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetsNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueByAssetOrLiabilityClassAxis=bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetTransfersIntoLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetTransfersOutOfLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueByAssetOrLiabilityClassAxis=bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetGainLossIncludedInEarnings1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueByAssetOrLiabilityClassAxis=bg_DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsLiabilitiesNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersIntoLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersOutOfLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueByAssetOrLiabilityClassAxis=bg_DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsLiabilitiesNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueByAssetOrLiabilityClassAxis=bg_AccountsReceivablePayableNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasurementwithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredonRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityNetTransfersIntoLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityNetTransfersOutOfLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasurementwithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueByAssetOrLiabilityClassAxis=bg_AccountsReceivablePayableNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredonRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableRelatedAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForLoanLeaseAndOtherLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRecoveryReduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForLoanAndLeaseLossesForeignCurrencyTranslation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableRelatedAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_RevolvingCreditFacilityExpiring2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_TermLoanLiborPlus0.75PercentDue2019Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_TermLoanLiborPlus0.75PercentDue2019Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_TermLoanYenInterestRate0.96PercentDue2019Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_TermLoanYenInterestRate0.96PercentDue2019Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_TermLoanLiborPlus1.30PercentDue2019Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_TermLoanLiborPlus1.30PercentDue2019Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_SeniorNotes3.50PercentDue2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_SeniorNotes3.00PercentDue2022Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_SeniorNotes1.85PercentDue2023Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_SeniorNotes4.35PercentDue2024Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_SeniorNotes3.25PercentDue2026Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_SeniorNotes3.75PercentDue2027Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=bg_OtherLongTermDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LineofCreditFacilityExpirationPeriodExtension'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsforCharterAgreementsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueTwoAndThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueFourAndFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueSixYearsAndThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LesseeLiabilitySubleaseIncomeDueFromSublessee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OperatingLeaseLiabilityLeaseNotyetCommenced'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OperatingLeasesMinimumInitialLeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueFutureMinimumSubleaseRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LesseeSubleaseTermofContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LesseeSubleaseTermofContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=bg_CertainFacilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LesseeSubleaseTermofContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=bg_OceanFreightVesselsAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_SupplyAgreementstoSellRighttoUseOceanFreightVesselsPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=bg_OceanFreightVesselsAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_SupplyAgreementstoSellRighttoUseOceanFreightVesselsPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_BR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_NumberOfEmployeesUnderAdministrativeProceedings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_AR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForOtherTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=bg_NonIncomeTaxClaimsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=bg_LaborClaimsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=bg_CivilAndOtherClaimsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=bg_ValueAddedTaxClaimsICMSIPIAndCOFINSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=bg_ICMSTaxLiabilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForOtherTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=bg_ICMSTaxLiabilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_TaxExaminationOtherThanIncomeTaxTaxAssessmentTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=bg_PisCofinsLiabilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_TaxExaminationOtherThanIncomeTaxTaxAssessmentTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=bg_UnconsolidatedAffiliatesFinancingGuaranteesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesForGuaranteesOnLongDurationContractsGuaranteedBenefitLiabilityGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=bg_ResidualValueGuaranteeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceGuaranteeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesForGuaranteesOnLongDurationContractsGuaranteedBenefitLiabilityGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=us-gaap_GuaranteeOfIndebtednessOfOthersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=us-gaap_GuaranteeOfIndebtednessOfOthersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_NumberOfFinanceSubsidiariesIssuingSeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=us-gaap_InventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=bg_PowerSupplyContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=us-gaap_CapitalAdditionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=bg_FreightSupplyAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=bg_OtherPurchaseCommitmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_AgribusinessMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_AgribusinessMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_EdibleOilProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_MillingProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_SugarAndBioenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_SugarAndBioenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_FertilizerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OtherProgramCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OtherProgramCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OtherProgramCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OtherProgramCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OtherProgramCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OtherProgramCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_PensionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_PensionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_AgribusinessMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_EdibleOilProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_MillingProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_SugarAndBioenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_FertilizerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFinalizationOfPensionAndNonPensionPostretirementPlanValuationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPlanRemeasurementGainLossAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventoryCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationIntangibleAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_RevenueFromOtherArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_AgribusinessMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_RevenueFromOtherArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_EdibleOilProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_RevenueFromOtherArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_MillingProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_RevenueFromOtherArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_SugarAndBioenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_RevenueFromOtherArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_FertilizerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_RevenueFromOtherArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransfersAndServicingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuantitativeInformationAboutSecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossReclassificationTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNonredeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromRedemptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestInNetIncomeLossOtherNoncontrollingInterestsRedeemable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNonredeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromRedemptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_RedemptionOfRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestDecreaseFromDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestInNetIncomeLossOtherNoncontrollingInterestsRedeemable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNonredeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAccretionToRedemptionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseInCarryingAmountOfRedeemablePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_NoncontrollingInterestDecreasefromReAcquisitionofPartnerInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_TemporaryEquityDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromRedemptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmountAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_AssetImpairmentChargesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentChargesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=bg_ConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_PreferredStockAdditionalLiquidationPreferenceHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversionBeforeMandatoryConversionDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ConversionPricePerPreferenceShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ConvertiblePreferredStockAggregateCommonSharesIssuedUponConversionAtCurrentRates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_PercentageOnConversionPriceOfClosingPriceOfCommonStockTradedForAtLeast20ConsecutiveTradingDaysOutOf30ConsecutiveTradingDaysInPeriodExceedsTargetPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdTradingDays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdConsecutiveTradingDays1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=bg_ConvertiblePreferenceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValueAddedTaxReceivableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_JudicialDepositsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NontradeReceivablesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_InvestmentsNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromAffiliateNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_AllowanceForRecoverableTaxesNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_TradeStructuredFinanceProgramLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesTradingRealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_TimeDepositsUnderTradeStructuredFinanceProgramWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_ProceedsFromIssuancesOfLetterOfCreditObligationsUnderTradeStructuredFinanceProgram'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=bg_TimeDepositsAndLettersOfCreditsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_TradeStructuredFinanceProgramLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_FinancialInstrumentsPresentedNetFaceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValueAddedTaxReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarginDepositAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_DeferredPurchasePriceReceivableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_InterestIncomeSecuredAdvancesToSuppliers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeChangesInAccountingAndExtraordinaryItemsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialTerminationBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationContributionsByPlanParticipant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersInFromThirdPartyPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_DefinedBenefitPlanObligationAdministrationExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsContributionsByPlanParticipant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsTransferredToFromPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAdministrationExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialTerminationBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationContributionsByPlanParticipant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersInFromThirdPartyPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_DefinedBenefitPlanObligationAdministrationExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsContributionsByPlanParticipant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsTransferredToFromPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAdministrationExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=bg_SwissPlanGCPChangeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=bg_PlanAmendmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_EdibleOilProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=bg_MillingProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_LicensingAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_UseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_PatentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CoverAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxExaminationsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPolicies,
     shortName: NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R100: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock,
       us-gaap:FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:FairValueAssetsNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2415403 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - RECONCILIATION FOR ASSETS AND LIABILITIES MEASURE AT FAIR VALUE USING LEVEL 3 (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details,
     shortName: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - RECONCILIATION FOR ASSETS AND LIABILITIES MEASURE AT FAIR VALUE USING LEVEL 3 (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock,
       us-gaap:FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2017Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:FairValueAssetsNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R101: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis_us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis_us-gaap_SwapMember_us-gaap_PositionAxis_us-gaap_LongMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeNotionalAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2416402 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - DERIVATIVE POSITIONS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
     shortName: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - DERIVATIVE POSITIONS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis_us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis_us-gaap_SwapMember_us-gaap_PositionAxis_us-gaap_LongMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeNotionalAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R102: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis_us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2416403 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - EFFECT OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
     shortName: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - EFFECT OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis_us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R103: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: 4,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2417402 - Disclosure - SHORT-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails,
     shortName: SHORT-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: 4,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R104: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebt,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2418402 - Disclosure - LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES - OUTSTANDING (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails,
     shortName: LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES - OUTSTANDING (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:SecuredDebt,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R105: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis_us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtFairValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2418403 - Disclosure - LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES - FAIR VALUE (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails,
     shortName: LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES - FAIR VALUE (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis_us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtFairValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R106: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebt,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2418404 - Disclosure - LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES - ACTIVITY (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
     shortName: LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES - ACTIVITY (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_srt_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis_srt_SubsidiariesMember_us-gaap_UnderlyingAssetClassAxis_us-gaap_CollateralizedDebtObligationsMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:LandPropertyEquipmentAndInvestmentsMortgagedNetCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R107: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2418405 - Disclosure - LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES - PRINCIPAL MATURITIES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails,
     shortName: LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES - PRINCIPAL MATURITIES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R108: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2019Q1Feb19,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramAccordionFeatureAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2419402 - Disclosure - TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION PROGRAM (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails,
     shortName: TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION PROGRAM (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2019Q1Feb19,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramAccordionFeatureAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R109: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2420402 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - PERIODIC BENEFIT COSTS AND ASSUMPTIONS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails,
     shortName: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - PERIODIC BENEFIT COSTS AND ASSUMPTIONS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2102100 - Disclosure - GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiatives,
     shortName: GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R110: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2420403 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - CHANGES IN OBLIGATIONS
 ASSETS AND FUNDED STATUS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
     shortName: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - CHANGES IN OBLIGATIONS
 ASSETS AND FUNDED STATUS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R111: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2420404 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - AMOUNTS IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails,
     shortName: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - AMOUNTS IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R112: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2420405 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - PROJECTED AND ACCUMULATED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails,
     shortName: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - PROJECTED AND ACCUMULATED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R113: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2420406 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - PLAN ASSETS AND FUTURE PAYMENTS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
     shortName: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - PLAN ASSETS AND FUTURE PAYMENTS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R114: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_srt_RangeAxis_srt_MinimumMember_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis_srt_AffiliatedEntityMember,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2421401 - Disclosure - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails,
     shortName: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_srt_RangeAxis_srt_MinimumMember_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis_srt_AffiliatedEntityMember,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R115: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2422402 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R116: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2018Q1Mar01_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2423401 - Disclosure - REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails,
     shortName: REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R117: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2015Q2May31_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis_bg_CommonStockOutstandingMember,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2424402 - Disclosure - EQUITY - SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityShareRepurchaseProgramDetails,
     shortName: EQUITY - SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2015Q2May31_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis_bg_CommonStockOutstandingMember,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R118: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DividendsPreferredStockCash,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2424403 - Disclosure - EQUITY - CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PERPETUAL PREFERENCE SHARES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails,
     shortName: EQUITY - CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PERPETUAL PREFERENCE SHARES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis_bg_ConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesMember,
      decimals: INF,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R119: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2017Q3YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFinalizationOfPensionAndNonPensionPostretirementPlanValuationNetOfTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2424404 - Disclosure - EQUITY - PENSION LIABILTY ADJUSTMENT (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityPensionLiabiltyAdjustmentDetails,
     shortName: EQUITY - PENSION LIABILTY ADJUSTMENT (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2017Q3YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFinalizationOfPensionAndNonPensionPostretirementPlanValuationNetOfTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2103100 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositions,
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R120: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2424405 - Disclosure - EQUITY - AOCI (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails,
     shortName: EQUITY - AOCI (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2016Q4_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R121: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4QTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2425402 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
     shortName: EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R122: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2426402 - Disclosure - SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails,
     shortName: SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_bg_EmployeeAndDirectorsStockOptionsMember,
      decimals: null,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R123: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2427402 - Disclosure - LEASES - NARRATIVE (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails,
     shortName: LEASES - NARRATIVE (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R124: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2427403 - Disclosure - LEASES - COMPONENTS OF LEASE EXPENSE (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails,
     shortName: LEASES - COMPONENTS OF LEASE EXPENSE (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R125: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       bg:LeasesSupplementalCashFlowInformationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2427404 - Disclosure - LEASES - SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails,
     shortName: LEASES - SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       bg:LeasesSupplementalCashFlowInformationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R126: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2427405 - Disclosure - LEASES - MATURITIES OF LEASE LIABILITIES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails,
     shortName: LEASES - MATURITIES OF LEASE LIABILITIES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R127: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2427406 - Disclosure - LEASES - PREVIOUS YEAR LEASE DISCLOSURES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails,
     shortName: LEASES - PREVIOUS YEAR LEASE DISCLOSURES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R128: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfReportableSegments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: segment,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2428402 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY SEGMENT (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY SEGMENT (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAndGainLossOnDispositionOfAssets,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R129: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:SegmentReportingInformationIncomeLossBeforeInterestAndIncomeTaxes,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2428403 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - NET INCOME TO SEGMENT EBIT (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails,
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - NET INCOME TO SEGMENT EBIT (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: bg:TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2104100 - Disclosure - TRADE STRUCTURED FINANCE PROGRAM,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgram,
     shortName: TRADE STRUCTURED FINANCE PROGRAM,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: bg:TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R130: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4QTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2428404 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - SALES BY PRODUCT GROUP (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails,
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - SALES BY PRODUCT GROUP (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis_bg_AgriculturalCommoditiesProductsMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R131: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4QTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2428405 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - GEOGRAPHIC AREA INFORMATION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails,
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - GEOGRAPHIC AREA INFORMATION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2017Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:NoncurrentAssets,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R132: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:RevenueFromOtherArrangements,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2428406 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - NET SALES TO EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails,
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - NET SALES TO EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:RevenueFromOtherArrangements,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R133: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4QTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2429402 - Disclosure - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails,
     shortName: QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4QTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:GrossProfit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R134: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis_us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: ",
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2430401 - Schedule - SCHEDULE II-VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails,
     shortName: SCHEDULE II-VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2016Q4_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis_us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2105100 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/Inventories,
     shortName: INVENTORIES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2106100 - Disclosure - OTHER CURRENT ASSETS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssets,
     shortName: OTHER CURRENT ASSETS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2107100 - Disclosure - PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     shortName: PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2108100 - Disclosure - GOODWILL,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/Goodwill,
     shortName: GOODWILL,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2109100 - Disclosure - OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssets,
     shortName: OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AssetImpairmentChargesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2110100 - Disclosure - IMPAIRMENTS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/Impairments,
     shortName: IMPAIRMENTS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AssetImpairmentChargesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1001000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2111100 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliates,
     shortName: INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:InvestmentsAndOtherNoncurrentAssetsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2112100 - Disclosure - OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssets,
     shortName: OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:InvestmentsAndOtherNoncurrentAssetsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2113100 - Disclosure - OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilities,
     shortName: OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2114100 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxes,
     shortName: INCOME TAXES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2115100 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurements,
     shortName: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2116100 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivities,
     shortName: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ShortTermDebtTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2117100 - Disclosure - SHORT-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilities,
     shortName: SHORT-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ShortTermDebtTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2118100 - Disclosure - LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilities,
     shortName: LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialAssetsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2119100 - Disclosure - TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION PROGRAM,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgram,
     shortName: TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION PROGRAM,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialAssetsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2120100 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlans,
     shortName: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1002000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS),
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2121100 - Disclosure - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions,
     shortName: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2122100 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies,
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: bg:RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2123100 - Disclosure - REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
     shortName: REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: bg:RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2124100 - Disclosure - EQUITY,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/Equity,
     shortName: EQUITY,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2125100 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShare,
     shortName: EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2126100 - Disclosure - SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensation,
     shortName: SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2127100 - Disclosure - LEASES,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/Leases,
     shortName: LEASES,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2128100 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformation,
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2129100 - Disclosure - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnaudited,
     shortName: QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED),
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: ",
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2130100 - Schedule - SCHEDULE II-VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccounts,
     shortName: SCHEDULE II-VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1002501 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (PARENTHETICAL),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (PARENTHETICAL),
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2201201 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies,
     shortName: NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies),
     subGroupType: policies,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: bg:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2301302 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables,
     shortName: NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: bg:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2302301 - Disclosure - GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesTables,
     shortName: GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2303301 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsTables,
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2305301 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesTables,
     shortName: INVENTORIES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherCurrentAssetsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2306301 - Disclosure - OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsTables,
     shortName: OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherCurrentAssetsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2307301 - Disclosure - PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables,
     shortName: PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2308301 - Disclosure - GOODWILL (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillTables,
     shortName: GOODWILL (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2309301 - Disclosure - OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsTables,
     shortName: OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2311301 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesTables,
     shortName: INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1003000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherAssetsNoncurrentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2312301 - Disclosure - OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsTables,
     shortName: OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherAssetsNoncurrentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2313301 - Disclosure - OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTables,
     shortName: OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2314301 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables,
     shortName: INCOME TAXES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2315301 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsTables,
     shortName: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2316301 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesTables,
     shortName: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2317301 - Disclosure - SHORT-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesTables,
     shortName: SHORT-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2318301 - Disclosure - LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesTables,
     shortName: LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuantitativeInformationAboutSecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2319301 - Disclosure - TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION PROGRAM (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramTables,
     shortName: TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION PROGRAM (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuantitativeInformationAboutSecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2320301 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables,
     shortName: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfLossContingenciesByContingencyTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2322301 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfLossContingenciesByContingencyTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: null,
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1003501 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (PARENTHETICAL),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (PARENTHETICAL),
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2324301 - Disclosure - EQUITY (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityTables,
     shortName: EQUITY (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2325301 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareTables,
     shortName: EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2326301 - Disclosure - SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables,
     shortName: SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2327301 - Disclosure - LEASES (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesTables,
     shortName: LEASES (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R64: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2328301 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationTables,
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R65: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2329301 - Disclosure - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Tables),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedTables,
     shortName: QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R66: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfReportableSegments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: segment,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2401403 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:DeferredFeesOrCostsRelatedToSecuredAdvancesToSuppliers,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R67: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2401404 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CASH
 CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH RECONCILIATION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashReconciliationDetails,
     shortName: NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CASH
 CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH RECONCILIATION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2017Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R68: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2401405 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails,
     shortName: NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       bg:RecentlyAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2019Q1Jan1_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis_us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R69: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AssetImpairmentCharges,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2402402 - Disclosure - GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES - NARRATIVE (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
     shortName: GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES - NARRATIVE (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: D2019Q4Dec2_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis_bg_BrazilianSugarAndBioenergyJointVentureMember,
      decimals: null,
      lang: en-US,
      name: bg:JointVenturePrivateSaleRightsTerm,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1004000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossUnrealized,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R70: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis_bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:SeveranceCosts1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2402403 - Disclosure - GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES - RESTRUCTURING COSTS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
     shortName: GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES - RESTRUCTURING COSTS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis_bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherRestructuringCosts,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R71: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis_bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringReserve,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2402404 - Disclosure - GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES - RESTRUCTURING RESERVE (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails,
     shortName: GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES - RESTRUCTURING RESERVE (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2017Q4_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis_bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringReserve,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R72: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2403402 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - LODERS ACQUISITION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - LODERS ACQUISITION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: D2018Q1Mar01toMar01_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R73: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2403403 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails,
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2018Q1Mar01_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R74: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2018Q1Mar01_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2403404 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - INTANGIBLE ASSETS ACQUIRED (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - INTANGIBLE ASSETS ACQUIRED (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: D2018Q1Mar01toMar01_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis_us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember,
      decimals: null,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R75: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: D2018Q4Mar1-Dec31,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2403405 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - PRO FORMA INFORMATION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails,
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - PRO FORMA INFORMATION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: D2018Q4Mar1-Dec31,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R76: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2403406 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - OTHER ACQUISITIONS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails,
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - OTHER ACQUISITIONS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: D2018Q1Jan30toJan30_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_bg_MinsaCorporationMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R77: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2019Q4Dec20_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis_us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis_bg_MargarineandMayonnaiseAssetsinBrazilMember,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNumberofProductionPlants,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: processing_plant,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2403407 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - DISPOSITIONS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails,
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - DISPOSITIONS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2019Q4Dec20_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis_us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis_bg_MargarineandMayonnaiseAssetsinBrazilMember,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNumberofProductionPlants,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: processing_plant,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R78: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2403408 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - ASSETS HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS - ASSETS HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis_us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis_bg_MargarineandMayonnaiseAssetsinBrazilMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventoryCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R79: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DebtSecuritiesTradingRealizedGainLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2404401 - Disclosure - TRADE STRUCTURED FINANCE PROGRAM (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails,
     shortName: TRADE STRUCTURED FINANCE PROGRAM (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DebtSecuritiesTradingRealizedGainLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2016Q4_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionBySettlementTermsAxis_bg_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1005000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS,
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2016Q4_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionBySettlementTermsAxis_bg_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R80: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryNet,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2405402 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
     shortName: INVENTORIES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis_bg_AgribusinessMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryNet,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R81: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherCurrentAssetsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2406402 - Disclosure - OTHER CURRENT ASSETS - COMPONENTS OF OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails,
     shortName: OTHER CURRENT ASSETS - COMPONENTS OF OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherCurrentAssetsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R82: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherCurrentAssetsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:MarketableSecuritiesCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2406403 - Disclosure - OTHER CURRENT ASSETS - MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND OTHER SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails,
     shortName: OTHER CURRENT ASSETS - MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND OTHER SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R83: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2407402 - Disclosure - PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails,
     shortName: PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R84: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2408402 - Disclosure - GOODWILL (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails,
     shortName: GOODWILL (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R85: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2409402 - Disclosure - OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails,
     shortName: OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R86: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AssetImpairmentCharges,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2410401 - Disclosure - IMPAIRMENTS - CHARGES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
     shortName: IMPAIRMENTS - CHARGES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R87: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis_bg_AgricolaAlvoradaS.A.Member_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis_bg_AgribusinessMember,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2411402 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
     shortName: INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis_bg_AgricolaAlvoradaS.A.Member_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis_bg_AgribusinessMember,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R88: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentAssets,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2411403 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES - SUMMARIZED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails,
     shortName: INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES - SUMMARIZED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentAssets,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R89: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherAssetsNoncurrentTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ValueAddedTaxReceivableNoncurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2412402 - Disclosure - OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS - COMPOSITION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails,
     shortName: OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS - COMPOSITION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherAssetsNoncurrentTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ValueAddedTaxReceivableNoncurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: null,
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1005501 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (PARENTHETICALS),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsParentheticals,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (PARENTHETICALS),
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R90: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis_bg_NotesAndLoansReceivableMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ImpairedFinancingReceivableAverageRecordedInvestment,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2412403 - Disclosure - OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS - RECEIVABLES FROM FARMERS IN BRAZIL (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails,
     shortName: OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS - RECEIVABLES FROM FARMERS IN BRAZIL (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis_bg_NotesAndLoansReceivableMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ImpairedFinancingReceivableAverageRecordedInvestment,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R91: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis_bg_NotesAndLoansReceivableMember,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ImpairedFinancingReceivableRelatedAllowance,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2412404 - Disclosure - OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS - ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails,
     shortName: OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS - ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis_bg_NotesAndLoansReceivableMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ProvisionForLoanLeaseAndOtherLosses,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R92: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2413402 - Disclosure - OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails,
     shortName: OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R93: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2414402 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - COMPONENTS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails,
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - COMPONENTS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R94: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2414403 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - INCOME TAX RATE RECONCILIATION (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails,
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - INCOME TAX RATE RECONCILIATION (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: INF,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R95: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2414404 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails,
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R96: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2018Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2414405 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - RECONCILIATION OF UNRECOGNIZED TAX BENEFITS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails,
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - RECONCILIATION OF UNRECOGNIZED TAX BENEFITS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R97: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2414406 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - UNRECOGNIZED TAX BENEFITS (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails,
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - UNRECOGNIZED TAX BENEFITS (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R98: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2017Q4QTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncompleteAccountingTransitionTaxForAccumulatedForeignEarningsProvisionalIncomeTaxExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2414407 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - TAX ACT (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTaxActDetails,
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - TAX ACT (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FD2017Q4QTD,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncompleteAccountingTransitionTaxForAccumulatedForeignEarningsProvisionalIncomeTaxExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R99: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherCurrentAssetsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2415402 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE (Details),
     role: http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
     shortName: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: FI2019Q4_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis_us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember,
      decimals: -6,
      lang: null,
      name: bg:UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesIncludedInStatementOfFinancialPosition,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R9999: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: bg-12312019x10k.htm,
      contextRef: I2019Q1Jan1,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: ",
     isDefault: false,
     longName: Uncategorized Items - bg-12312019x10k.htm,
     role: http://xbrl.sec.gov/role/uncategorizedFacts,
     shortName: Uncategorized Items - bg-12312019x10k.htm,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
   },
   segmentCount: 215,
   tag: {
    bg_AccountsReceivablePayableNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information pertaining to net fair value of trade accounts receivable and payable.,
        label: Accounts Receivable Payable Net [Member],
        terseLabel: Trade Accounts Payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivablePayableNetMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AccountsReceivableSoldToSecuritizationFacility: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of accounts receivable that were sold to the securitization facility.,
        label: Accounts Receivable Sold to Securitization Facility,
        terseLabel: Gross receivables sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableSoldToSecuritizationFacility,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_AccruedInterestOnReceivableAndAdvances: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the amount of interest accrued on trade accounts receivable and secured advances to suppliers after default of the account.,
        label: Accrued Interest on Receivable and Advances,
        terseLabel: Additional interest income accrued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedInterestOnReceivableAndAdvances,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_AceiteraGeneralDehezaSACrushingFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to Argentina with Aceitera General Deheza S.A. crushing facility
 in which the entity has an investment in common stock accounted for under the equity method of accounting.,
        label: Aceitera General Deheza S A Crushing Facility [Member],
        terseLabel: T6 Industrial crushing facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AceiteraGeneralDehezaSACrushingFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AceiteraGeneralDehezaSAPortFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to Argentina with Aceitera General Deheza S.A. port facility
 in which the entity has an investment in common stock accounted for under the equity method of accounting.,
        label: Aceitera General Deheza S A Port Facility [Member],
        terseLabel: T6 port facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AceiteraGeneralDehezaSAPortFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AdjustmentstoDeriveEffectiveTaxRateAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adjustments to Derive Effective Tax Rate,
        label: Adjustments to Derive Effective Tax Rate [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Adjustments to derive effective tax rate:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentstoDeriveEffectiveTaxRateAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_AggregateIntrinsicValueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate Intrinsic Value,
        label: Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Aggregate Intrinsic Value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AggregateIntrinsicValueAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_AgribusinessAndSugarAndBioenergyMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agribusiness And Sugar And Bioenergy [Member],
        label: Agribusiness And Sugar And Bioenergy [Member],
        terseLabel: Agribusiness and Sugar and Bioenergy
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AgribusinessAndSugarAndBioenergyMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AgribusinessMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the agribusiness segment of the entity.,
        label: Agribusiness [Member],
        terseLabel: Agribusiness
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AgribusinessMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AgricolaAlvoradaS.A.Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agricola Alvorada S.A. [Member],
        label: Agricola Alvorada S.A. [Member],
        terseLabel: Agricola Alvorada S.A.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AgricolaAlvoradaS.A.Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AgriculturalCommoditiesProductsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the agricultural commodities products.,
        label: Agricultural Commodities Products [Member],
        terseLabel: Agricultural Commodity Products
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AgriculturalCommoditiesProductsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AgrofelGroseInsumosMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agrofel Gr\u00e3os e Insumos [Member],
        label: Agrofel Gr\u00e3os e Insumos [Member],
        terseLabel: Agrofel Gr\u00e3os e Insumos
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AgrofelGroseInsumosMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AllowanceForRecoverableTaxesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents allowance for recoverable taxes.,
        label: Allowance For Recoverable Taxes [Member],
        terseLabel: Allowances for recoverable taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForRecoverableTaxesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AllowanceForRecoverableTaxesNonCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents allowance for noncurrent portions of recoverable taxes.,
        label: Allowance for Recoverable Taxes Non Current,
        terseLabel: Allowance for recoverable taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForRecoverableTaxesNonCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_AllowanceForSecuredAdvancesToSuppliersMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents allowances for secured advances to suppliers that are expected to be uncollectible.,
        label: Allowance For Secured Advances To Suppliers [Member],
        terseLabel: Allowances for secured advances to suppliers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForSecuredAdvancesToSuppliersMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_AssetImpairmentChargesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: ASSET IMPAIRMENT DISCLOSURE ABSTRACT,
        label: IMPAIRMENTS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetImpairmentChargesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_BPBungeBioenergiaMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: BP Bunge Bioenergia [Member],
        label: BP Bunge Bioenergia [Member],
        terseLabel: BP Bunge Bioenergia
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BPBungeBioenergiaMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_BPp.l.c.Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: BP p.l.c. [Member],
        label: BP p.l.c. [Member],
        terseLabel: BP
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BPp.l.c.Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_BiologicalAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the assets that are living plants or animals
 such as trees in a plantation or orchard
 cultivated plants
 sheep and cattle
 etc.,
        label: Biological Assets [Member],
        terseLabel: Biological assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BiologicalAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_BrazilianSugarAndBioenergyJointVentureMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Brazilian Sugar And Bioenergy Joint Venture [Member],
        label: Brazilian Sugar And Bioenergy Joint Venture [Member],
        terseLabel: Brazilian Sugar And Bioenergy Joint Venture
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BrazilianSugarAndBioenergyJointVentureMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_BungeLimitedFinanceCorpBungeFinanceEuropeB.vAndBungeN.a.FinanceL.pMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information related to Bunge Limited Finance Corp.
 Bunge Finance Europe
 B.V. and Bunge N.A. Finance L.P.,
        label: Bunge Limited Finance Corp Bunge Finance Europe B.v And Bunge N.a. Finance L.p [Member],
        terseLabel: Bunge Limited Finance Corp.
 Bunge Finance Europe B.V. and Bunge N.A. Finance L.P.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BungeLimitedFinanceCorpBungeFinanceEuropeB.vAndBungeN.a.FinanceL.pMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_BungeSecuritizationBVMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents details pertaining to Bunge Securitization B.V.,
        label: Bunge Securitization B V [Member],
        terseLabel: Bunge Securitization B.V.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BungeSecuritizationBVMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_BusinessCombinationNumberOfMillsAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business Combination
 Number Of Mills Acquired,
        label: Business Combination
 Number Of Mills Acquired,
        terseLabel: Number of corn mills
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationNumberOfMillsAcquired,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsIncludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedLessNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed
 Assets Including Goodwill,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed
 Assets Including Goodwill,
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsIncludingGoodwill,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other net assets and liabilities at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Other Assets And Liabilities
 Net,
        terseLabel: Other assets and liabilities
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedLessNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 And Liabilities Assumed
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 And Liabilities Assumed
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest,
        negatedTerseLabel: Redeemable noncontrolling interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_CashCollectionsFromCustomersOnReceivablesPreviouslySold: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the cash collections from customers on receivables previously sold.,
        label: Cash Collections from Customers on Receivables Previously Sold,
        terseLabel: Cash collections from customers on receivables previously sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCollectionsFromCustomersOnReceivablesPreviouslySold,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_CertainFacilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Certain Facilities [Member],
        label: Certain Facilities [Member],
        terseLabel: Certain Facilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CertainFacilitiesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_CivilAndOtherClaimsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents civil and other claims related to various disputes with suppliers
 customers and other third parties.,
        label: Civil And Other Claims [Member],
        terseLabel: Civil and other claims
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CivilAndOtherClaimsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_CommonSharesReservedforShareBasedAwardsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Common Shares Reserved for Share Based Awards,
        label: Common Shares Reserved for Share Based Awards [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Common Shares Reserved for Share-Based Awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonSharesReservedforShareBasedAwardsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_CommonStockOutstandingMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents activity related to common shares outstanding.,
        label: Common Stock Outstanding [Member],
        terseLabel: Common Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockOutstandingMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityShareRepurchaseProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ComplejoAgroindustrialAngosturaSAMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to Complejo Agroindustrial Angostura S.A
 in which the entity has an investment in common stock accounted for under the equity method of accounting.,
        label: Complejo Agroindustrial Angostura S A [Member],
        terseLabel: Caiasa - Complejo Agroindustrial Angostura S.A
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComplejoAgroindustrialAngosturaSAMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ContractualTermAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual Term,
        label: Contractual Term [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualTermAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_ConversionPricePerPreferenceShare: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the price of each common share upon the conversion of preference shares.,
        label: Conversion Price Per Preference Share,
        terseLabel: Conversion price
 convertible preference share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionPricePerPreferenceShare,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    bg_ConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents convertible perpetual preference shares of the company.,
        label: Convertible Perpetual Preference Shares [Member],
        terseLabel: Convertible perpetual preference shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ConvertiblePreferenceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents convertible preference stock.,
        label: Convertible Preference Shares [Member],
        terseLabel: Convertible Preference Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConvertiblePreferenceSharesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ConvertiblePreferredStockAggregateCommonSharesIssuedUponConversionAtCurrentRates: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate number of common shares that would be issued if all preference shares were converted at the currently applicable conversion rate.,
        label: Convertible Preferred Stock
 Aggregate Common Shares Issued upon Conversion at Current Rates,
        terseLabel: Convertible preference shares
 aggregate common shares issued if converted at current conversion rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConvertiblePreferredStockAggregateCommonSharesIssuedUponConversionAtCurrentRates,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    bg_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversionBeforeMandatoryConversionDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the number of common shares issued for each share of convertible preferred stock that is converted before the mandatory conversion date.,
        label: Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion before Mandatory Conversion Date,
        terseLabel: Convertible preference share
 common shares issued upon conversion
 at any time before mandatory conversion date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversionBeforeMandatoryConversionDate,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    },
    bg_CornMillingProductsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the corn milling products.,
        label: Corn Milling Products [Member],
        terseLabel: Corn Milling Products
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CornMillingProductsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_CorporateAndReconcilingItemsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Corporate And Reconciling Items [Member],
        label: Corporate And Reconciling Items [Member],
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CorporateAndReconcilingItemsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_CreditFacilityExpiring2023Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Credit Facility Expiring 2023 [Member],
        label: Credit Facility Expiring 2023 [Member],
        terseLabel: Credit facility expiring 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityExpiring2023Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedGainLossOnOpenInterestRateSwapRecordedInLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the unamortized gain (loss) on open interest rate swap.,
        label: Debt Instrument Unamortized Gain (Loss) On Open Interest Rate Swap Recorded In Long Term Debt,
        verboseLabel: Changes in long-term debt attributable to fair value hedge
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentUnamortizedGainLossOnOpenInterestRateSwapRecordedInLongTermDebt,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DeferredFeesOrCostsRelatedToSecuredAdvancesToSuppliers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the deferred fees or costs related to secured advances to suppliers.,
        label: Deferred Fees or Costs Related to Secured Advances to Suppliers,
        terseLabel: Deferred fees or costs related to secured advances to suppliers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFeesOrCostsRelatedToSecuredAdvancesToSuppliers,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DeferredPurchasePriceReceivableFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the fair value of deferred purchase price receivable.,
        label: Deferred Purchase Price Receivable Fair Value Disclosure,
        verboseLabel: Deferred purchase price receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredPurchasePriceReceivableFairValueDisclosure,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Lease Obligations,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Lease Obligations,
        terseLabel: Operating lease obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLeaseObligations,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DeferredTaxliabilitiesOperatingLeaseAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax liabilities
 Operating Lease Assets,
        label: Deferred Tax liabilities
 Operating Lease Assets,
        terseLabel: Operating lease assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxliabilitiesOperatingLeaseAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DefinedBenefitOtherMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit
 Other,
        label: Defined Benefit
 Other [Member],
        terseLabel: Others
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitOtherMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_DefinedBenefitPlanObligationAdministrationExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reduction of plan obligation and assets from plan obligation.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Obligation
 Administration Expenses,
        negatedLabel: Expenses paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanObligationAdministrationExpenses,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialandContractualTerminationBenefitsAdditionalExpense: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plan
 Special and Contractual Termination Benefits
 Additional Expense,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Special and Contractual Termination Benefits
 Additional Expense,
        terseLabel: Additional defined benefit expenses relating to the voluntary early retirement program
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialandContractualTerminationBenefitsAdditionalExpense,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersInFromThirdPartyPlans: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in obligation arising from transfers in or out of the plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Transfers in from Third Party Plans,
        terseLabel: Net transfers in (out)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersInFromThirdPartyPlans,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DeltaAmountOfForeignCurrencyDerivatives: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents delta equivalent amount of foreign currency derivatives.,
        label: Delta Amount of Foreign Currency Derivatives,
        verboseLabel: Delta amount of derivative
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeltaAmountOfForeignCurrencyDerivatives,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DepreciationAndDepletion: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets or depleting assets to periods that benefit from the use of assets.,
        label: Depreciation and Depletion,
        terseLabel: Depreciation and depletion expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepreciationAndDepletion,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsLiabilitiesNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the net assets or liabilities relating to derivative financial instruments which are financial instruments or other contractual arrangements with all three of the following characteristics: (a) it has (1) one or more underlying and (2) one or more notional amounts or payment provisions or both. Those terms determine the amount of the settlement or settlements
 and
 in some cases
 whether or not a settlement is required; (b) it requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller than would be required for other types of contracts that would be expected to have a similar response to changes in market factors; and (c) its terms require or permit net settlement
 it can readily be settled net by a means outside the contract
 or it provides for delivery of an asset that puts the recipient in a position not substantially different from net settlement.,
        label: Derivative Financial Instruments Assets Liabilities Net [Member],
        terseLabel: Derivatives
 Net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsLiabilitiesNetMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmountDuration: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount
 Duration,
        label: Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount
 Duration,
        verboseLabel: Nonmonetary notional amount of derivatives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmountDuration,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    bg_DescriptionOfBusinessAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: No definition.,
        label: Description Of Business [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Description of Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DescriptionOfBusinessAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNumberofProductionPlants: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Number of Production Plants,
        label: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Number of Production Plants,
        terseLabel: Number of production plants
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNumberofProductionPlants,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    bg_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNumberofProducts: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Number of Products,
        label: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Number of Products,
        terseLabel: Number of products
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNumberofProducts,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    bg_EarningsPerShareLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Earnings Per Share,
        label: Earnings Per Share [Line Items],
        terseLabel: EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_EarningsPerShareTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents schedule of potential dilutive securities to be included in the computation of earnings per share and schedule for securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by anti-dilutive Securities.,
        label: Earnings Per Share [Table],
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_EdibleOilProductsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the edible oil products segment of the entity.,
        label: Edible Oil Products [Member],
        terseLabel: Edible Oil Products
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EdibleOilProductsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationEquityDistributions: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to equity distributions,
        label: Equity distributions,
        negatedLabel: Equity distributions
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationEquityDistributions,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_EmployeeAndDirectorsStockOptionsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: An arrangement whereby an employee or member of the Board of Directors is entitled to receive in the future
 subject to vesting and other restrictions
 a number of shares in the entity at a specified price
 as defined in the agreement.,
        label: Employee And Directors Stock Options [Member],
        terseLabel: Stock option awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeAndDirectorsStockOptionsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_EnergyDerivativesExcludingNaturalGasMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to energy costs other than natural gas.,
        label: Energy Derivatives Excluding Natural Gas [Member],
        terseLabel: Energy - other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EnergyDerivativesExcludingNaturalGasMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_EnergyDerivativesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to energy costs.,
        label: Energy Derivatives [Member],
        terseLabel: Energy
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EnergyDerivativesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_EquityDerivativesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity Derivatives [Member],
        label: Equity Derivatives [Member],
        terseLabel: Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityDerivativesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_EquityIncentivePlan2016Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information pertaining to 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the \2016 EIP\).,
        label: Equity Incentive Plan2016 [Member],
        terseLabel: 2016 EIP
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityIncentivePlan2016Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_EquityMethodInvestmentNumberOfInvestmentsImpaired: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity Method Investment
 Number Of Investments Impaired,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Number Of Investments Impaired,
        terseLabel: Number of investment impaired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentNumberOfInvestmentsImpaired,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationIssues: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesIssuances,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of issuances of financial instrument classified as an asset or a liability
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value Asset Liability Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Issues,
        terseLabel: Issuances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationIssues,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSettlements: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesSettlements,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of settlements of financial instrument classified as an asset or liability
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value Asset Liability Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Settlements,
        terseLabel: Settlements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSettlements,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationCalculationRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair Value
 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward],
        label: Fair Value
 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Trade Accounts Receivable/ Payable
 Net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationCalculationRollForward,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredonRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationGainLossIncludedInEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesGainLossIncludedInEarnings,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair Value
 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Gain (Loss) Included In Earnings,
        label: Fair Value
 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Gain (Loss) Included In Earnings,
        terseLabel: Total gains and losses (realized/unrealized) included in cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredonRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationGainLossIncludedInEarnings,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredonRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair Value
 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Sales,
        label: Fair Value
 Asset (Liability)
 Net
 Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Sales,
        negatedTerseLabel: Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetLiabilityNetMeasuredonRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationPurchases: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of purchases of financial instruments measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing. The instruments include marketable inventories and derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset).,
        label: Fair Value Asset Net Derivative Asset Liability Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Purchases,
        totalLabel: Purchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationPurchases,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of sales of financial instruments measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing. The instruments include marketable inventories and derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset).,
        label: Fair Value Asset Net Derivative Asset Liability Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Sales,
        negatedTotalLabel: Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersIntoLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfers of financial instruments into level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The instruments include marketable inventories and derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset).,
        label: Fair Value Asset Net Derivative Asset Liability Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Transfers into Level 3,
        totalLabel: Transfers into Level 3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersIntoLevel3,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersOutOfLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfers of financial instruments out of level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The instruments include marketable inventories and derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset).,
        label: Fair Value Asset Net Derivative Asset Liability Measured on Recurring Basis Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Transfers out of Level 3,
        negatedTotalLabel: Transfers out of Level 3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersOutOfLevel3,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetsNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of financial instruments measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing. The instruments include marketable inventories and derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset).,
        label: Fair Value Assets Net Derivative Asset Liability Measured on Recurring Basis with Unobservable Inputs,
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueAssetsOrLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationByAssetOrLiabilityClassDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents classes of assets or liabilities measured and disclosed at fair value.,
        label: Fair Value Assets Or Liabilities Measured On Recurring Basis Unobservable Input Reconciliation By Asset Or Liability Class [Domain],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Assets Or Liabilities Measured On Recurring Basis Unobservable Input Reconciliation By Asset Or Liability Class [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsOrLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationByAssetOrLiabilityClassDomain,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueByAssetOrLiabilityClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value information by class of asset or liability.,
        label: Fair Value by Asset or Liability Class [Axis],
        terseLabel: Fair Value by Asset or Liability Class [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByAssetOrLiabilityClassAxis,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesCalculationRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair Value
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)
 Calculation [Roll Forward],
        label: Fair Value
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)
 Calculation [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesCalculationRollForward,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesGainLossIncludedInEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair Value
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)
 Gain (Loss) Included In Earnings,
        label: Fair Value
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)
 Gain (Loss) Included In Earnings,
        totalLabel: Total gains and losses (realized/unrealized) included in cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesGainLossIncludedInEarnings,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesIssuances: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair Value
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)
 Issuances,
        label: Fair Value
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)
 Issuances,
        totalLabel: Issuances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesIssuances,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesSettlements: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair Value
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)
 Settlements,
        label: Fair Value
 Measured On Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Net Derivative
 Assets
 And (Liabilities)
 Settlements,
        totalLabel: Settlements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesSettlements,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityNetTransfersIntoLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersIntoLevel3,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfer of financial instrument classified as an asset or a liability into level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.,
        label: Fair Value Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Recurring Basis Asset (Liability) Net Transfers into Level 3,
        terseLabel: Transfers into Level 3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityNetTransfersIntoLevel3,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityNetTransfersOutOfLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersOutOfLevel3,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfers of financial instrument classified an asset or a liability out of level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.,
        label: Fair Value Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Recurring Basis Asset (Liability) Net Transfers Out of Level 3,
        negatedTerseLabel: Transfers out of Level 3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityNetTransfersOutOfLevel3,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityPurchases: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationPurchases,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of purchase of financial instrument classified as an asset or a liability measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value Measurement With Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Recurring Basis Asset Liability Purchases,
        terseLabel: Purchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityPurchases,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FairValueMeasurementwithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetsNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of financial instrument classified as an asset or liability measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation Recurring Basis Asset (Liability) Value,
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementwithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetLiabilityValue,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FavorableLeasesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Favorable Leases [Member],
        label: Favorable Leases [Member],
        terseLabel: Favorable leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FavorableLeasesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_FertilizerMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the fertilizer segment of the entity.,
        label: Fertilizer [Member],
        terseLabel: Fertilizer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FertilizerMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_FertilizerProductsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the fertilizer products.,
        label: Fertilizer Products [Member],
        terseLabel: Fertilizer Products
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FertilizerProductsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_FinancialInstrumentsPresentedNetFaceValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face value of financial instruments presented net on the balance sheet as the criteria of ASC 210-20
 Offsetting
 had been met.,
        label: Financial Instruments Presented Net
 Face Value,
        terseLabel: Face value of time deposits
 LCs
 and foreign exchange contracts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancialInstrumentsPresentedNetFaceValue,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRecoveryReduction: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reduction of amount of allowance for credit losses from recovery of doubtful of collection that were previously charged off.,
        label: Financing Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Losses
 Recovery
 Reduction,
        negatedLabel: Recoveries
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRecoveryReduction,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FixedAssetsandVariousMachineryandEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fixed Assets and Various Machinery and Equipment [Member],
        label: Fixed Assets and Various Machinery and Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Fixed assets and various machinery and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FixedAssetsandVariousMachineryandEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ForeignExchangeDebtMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents debt derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk tied to foreign exchange rates.,
        label: Foreign Exchange Debt [Member],
        terseLabel: Foreign currency
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignExchangeDebtMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_FreightSupplyAgreementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Freight Supply Agreements [Member],
        label: Freight Supply Agreements [Member],
        terseLabel: Freight supply agreements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FreightSupplyAgreementsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_FurnitureFixturesAndOtherMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-lived
 depreciable assets
 commonly used in offices and stores and other assets.,
        label: Furniture Fixtures And Other [Member],
        terseLabel: Furniture
 fixtures and other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FurnitureFixturesAndOtherMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the total future minimum payment obligations due under time charter agreements.,
        label: Future Minimum Payments for Charter Agreements due,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDue,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the current future minimum payment obligations due under time charter agreements.,
        label: Future Minimum Payments for Charter Agreements due Current,
        verboseLabel: 2019
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueFourAndFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the future minimum payment obligations due under time charter agreements in four to five years.,
        label: Future Minimum Payments for Charter Agreements Due Four And Five Years,
        terseLabel: 2022 and 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueFourAndFiveYears,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueSixYearsAndThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the future minimum payment obligations due under time charter agreements in six or more years.,
        label: Future Minimum Payments for Charter Agreements Due Six Years And Thereafter,
        terseLabel: 2024 and thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueSixYearsAndThereafter,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueTwoAndThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the future minimum payment obligations due under time charter agreements in two to three years.,
        label: Future Minimum Payments for Charter Agreements Due Two And Three Years,
        terseLabel: 2020 and 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FutureMinimumPaymentsForCharterAgreementsDueTwoAndThreeYears,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_FutureMinimumPaymentsforCharterAgreementsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Future Minimum Payments for Charter Agreements Due [Abstract],
        label: Future Minimum Payments for Charter Agreements Due [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Future Minimum Payments for Charter Agreements Due [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FutureMinimumPaymentsforCharterAgreementsDueAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_GainLossonDispositionofStockinSubsidiaryorEquityMethodInvesteeandOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Stock in Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee and Other Assets,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Stock in Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee and Other Assets,
        terseLabel: Gain (loss)
 net on disposal of affiliate investments
 subsidiaries and assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossonDispositionofStockinSubsidiaryorEquityMethodInvesteeandOtherAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Global Competitiveness Program [Member],
        label: Global Competitiveness Program [Member],
        terseLabel: Global Competitiveness Program
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GlobalCompetitivenessProgramMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_GlobalGrainGroupMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents Global Grain Group \G3\.,
        label: Global Grain Group [Member],
        terseLabel: G3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GlobalGrainGroupMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ICMSTaxLiabilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents tax claims associated with ICMS.,
        label: I C M S Tax Liability [Member],
        terseLabel: ICMS tax liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ICMSTaxLiabilityMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_IOILodersCroklaanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: IOI Loders Croklaan [Member],
        label: IOI Loders Croklaan [Member],
        terseLabel: Loders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IOILodersCroklaanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ImpairmentChargesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Impairment Charges,
        label: Impairment Charges [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Impairments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairmentChargesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_IncomeTaxExaminationThroughYear2012Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the income tax examination through year 2012.,
        label: Income Tax Examination Through Year2012 [Member],
        terseLabel: Income tax examination through year 2012
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationThroughYear2012Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_IncomeTaxLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Income Tax [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsForeignExchange: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of the difference between total income tax expense (benefit) as reported in the Income Statement and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations attributable to foreign exchange on monetary items under enacted tax laws during the period.,
        label: Income Tax Reconciliation Deductions Foreign Exchange,
        negatedLabel: Foreign exchange on monetary items
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsForeignExchange,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_IncomeTaxTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosures pertaining to income taxes.,
        label: Income Tax [Table],
        terseLabel: Income Tax [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_IncomeTaxWithholdingsOnUndistributedEarningsIfEarningsWereToBeDistributed: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Tax Withholdings On Undistributed Earnings If Earnings Were To Be Distributed,
        label: Income Tax Withholdings On Undistributed Earnings If Earnings Were To Be Distributed,
        terseLabel: Income tax withholdings on undistributed earnings if earnings were to be distributed
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxWithholdingsOnUndistributedEarningsIfEarningsWereToBeDistributed,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_IncreaseDecreaseInSecuritizedTradeReceivables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 21.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase (Decrease) In Securitized Trade Receivables,
        label: Increase (Decrease) In Securitized Trade Receivables,
        negatedTerseLabel: Beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInSecuritizedTradeReceivables,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Intangible Asset Net Excluding Goodwill,
        label: Intangible Asset Net Excluding Goodwill [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Other Intangible Assets
 Net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IntangibleAssetNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_InterestAndTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the share of interest and tax attributable to noncontrolling interests.,
        label: Interest and Tax Attributable to Noncontrolling Entity,
        negatedTerseLabel: Noncontrolling interests' share of interest and tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestAndTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_InterestIncomeSecuredAdvancesToSuppliers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents interest earned on secured advances to suppliers.,
        label: Interest Income Secured Advances to Suppliers,
        terseLabel: Interest earned on secured advances to suppliers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestIncomeSecuredAdvancesToSuppliers,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_InvestmentsNonCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the noncurrent portion of investments which are not defined as or included in marketable (debt
 equity
 or other) securities.,
        label: Investments Non Current,
        terseLabel: Long-term investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentsNonCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_JointVentureInitialPublicOfferingTerm: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Joint Venture
 Initial Public Offering Term,
        label: Joint Venture
 Initial Public Offering Term,
        terseLabel: Minimum timing of initial public offering after closing
       }
      }
     },
     localname: JointVentureInitialPublicOfferingTerm,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    bg_JointVenturePrivateSaleRightsTerm: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Joint Venture
 Private Sale Rights Term,
        label: Joint Venture
 Private Sale Rights Term,
        terseLabel: Minimum timing private sale rights
       }
      }
     },
     localname: JointVenturePrivateSaleRightsTerm,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    bg_JudicialDepositsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Judicial deposits are restricted assets of the entity placed on deposit with the court and held in the judicial escrow related to certain legal proceedings pending legal resolution.,
        label: Judicial Deposits
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Judicial deposits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: JudicialDepositsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_LaborClaimsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents labor claims primarily related to dismissals
 severance
 health and safety
 salary adjustments and supplementary retirement benefits.,
        label: Labor Claims [Member],
        terseLabel: Labor claims
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LaborClaimsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_LandPropertyEquipmentAndInvestmentsMortgagedNetCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the net carrying value of land
 property
 equipment and investments mortgaged.,
        label: Land
 Property Equipment and Investments Mortgaged
 Net Carrying Value,
        terseLabel: Land
 property
 equipment and investments mortgaged
 net carrying value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LandPropertyEquipmentAndInvestmentsMortgagedNetCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_LeasePaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease
 Payments,
        label: Lease
 Payments [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeasePaymentsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_LeasesSupplementalCashFlowInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Leases
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Table Text Block],
        label: Leases
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Supplemental cash flow information related to leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeasesSupplementalCashFlowInformationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_LegalCollectionProcessMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents details pertaining to financing receivables in a legal collections process.,
        label: Legal Collection Process [Member],
        terseLabel: Legal collection process
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LegalCollectionProcessMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_LesseeLiabilitySubleaseIncomeDueFromSublessee: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee
 Liability
 Sublease Income
 Due From Sublessee,
        label: Lessee
 Liability
 Sublease Income
 Due From Sublessee,
        terseLabel: Sublease income receipts due in future periods
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeLiabilitySubleaseIncomeDueFromSublessee,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_LesseeSubleaseTermofContract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee
 Sublease
 Term of Contract,
        label: Lessee
 Sublease
 Term of Contract,
        terseLabel: Sublease term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeSubleaseTermofContract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    bg_LineofCreditFacilityExpirationPeriodExtension: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line of Credit Facility
 Expiration Period
 Extension,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Expiration Period
 Extension,
        terseLabel: Extended term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineofCreditFacilityExpirationPeriodExtension,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    bg_LineofCreditfacilityAccordionFeatureMaximumAdditionalCommitmentsAvailable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line of Credit facility
 Accordion Feature
 Maximum Additional Commitments Available,
        label: Line of Credit facility
 Accordion Feature
 Maximum Additional Commitments Available,
        terseLabel: Maximum additional commitments that may be made available
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineofCreditfacilityAccordionFeatureMaximumAdditionalCommitmentsAvailable,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_LiquidityFacility2018Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Liquidity Facility 2018 [Member],
        label: Liquidity Facility 2018 [Member],
        terseLabel: 2018 liquidity facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiquidityFacility2018Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_LocalBankLineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made by local banks up to a specific amount at any point in time
 to support working capital requirements.,
        label: Local Bank Line Of Credit [Member],
        terseLabel: Local bank line of credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LocalBankLineOfCreditMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLiborYenMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate at which a bank borrows funds from other banks in the London interbank market in Yen.,
        label: London Interbank Offered Rate Libor Yen [Member],
        terseLabel: Yen LIBOR
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LondonInterbankOfferedRateLiborYenMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_LongTermDebtExclusiveOfUnamortizedDerivativeNetGains: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Current and noncurrent aggregate carrying amount of long-term borrowings
 before unamortized derivative net gains as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Long Term Debt Exclusive of Unamortized Derivative
 Net Gains,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtExclusiveOfUnamortizedDerivativeNetGains,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Loss Contingencies and Guarantees,
        label: Loss Contingencies and Guarantees [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Loss Contingencies and Guarantees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LossContingenciesandGuaranteesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_MargarineandMayonnaiseAssetsinBrazilMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Margarine and Mayonnaise Assets in Brazil [Member],
        label: Margarine and Mayonnaise Assets in Brazil [Member],
        terseLabel: Margarine and Mayonnaise Assets in Brazil
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MargarineandMayonnaiseAssetsinBrazilMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_MaximumMinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwnersReportedAsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the maximum percentage ownership for interests reported as noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries.,
        label: Maximum Minority Interest Ownership Percentage by Noncontrolling Owners Reported as Noncontrolling Interest,
        terseLabel: Maximum percentage ownership for interests reported as noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MaximumMinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwnersReportedAsNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    bg_MerchandisingActivitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the sub-segment merchandising activities within agribusiness segment.,
        label: Merchandising Activities [Member],
        terseLabel: Merchandising Activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MerchandisingActivitiesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_MillingProductsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the milling products segment of the entity.,
        label: Milling Products [Member],
        terseLabel: Milling Products
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MillingProductsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_MinsaCorporationMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minsa Corporation [Member],
        label: Minsa Corporation [Member],
        terseLabel: Minsa Corporation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinsaCorporationMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_NaturalGasDerivativesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents derivative instruments with primary underlying risk tied to natural gas energy costs.,
        label: Natural Gas Derivatives [Member],
        terseLabel: Natural gas
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NaturalGasDerivativesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_NavegacoesUnidasTapajosS.A.Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Navegacoes Unidas Tapajos S.A. [Member],
        label: Navegacoes Unidas Tapajos S.A. [Member],
        terseLabel: Navegacoes Unidas Tapajos S.A.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NavegacoesUnidasTapajosS.A.Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_NonEmployeeDirectorsEquityIncentivePlan2017Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Non Employee Director's Equity Incentive Plan 2017 [Member],
        label: Non Employee Director's Equity Incentive Plan 2017 [Member],
        terseLabel: 2017 Directors' Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonEmployeeDirectorsEquityIncentivePlan2017Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_NonIncomeTaxClaimsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents non-income tax claims
 including primarily value-added tax claims
 which arise from the complex nature of tax law.,
        label: Non Income Tax Claims [Member],
        terseLabel: Non-income tax claims
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonIncomeTaxClaimsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_NoncontrollingInterestDecreasefromReAcquisitionofPartnerInterest: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Noncontrolling Interest
 Decrease from Re-Acquisition of Partner Interest,
        label: Noncontrolling Interest
 Decrease from Re-Acquisition of Partner Interest,
        negatedLabel: Acquisition of noncontrolling interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncontrollingInterestDecreasefromReAcquisitionofPartnerInterest,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_NotesAndLoansReceivableMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents details pertaining to notes and loans receivable. Notes receivable consist of an amount representing an agreement for an unconditional promise by the maker to pay the entity (holder) a definite sum of money at a future date(s) within one year of the balance sheet date. Such amount may include accrued interest receivable in accordance with terms of the note. The notes also may contain provisions including a discount or premium
 payable on demand
 secured
 or unsecured
 interest bearing or noninterest bearing
 among myriad other features and characteristics. Loans receivable consist of an amount of money or property
 or a portion thereof
 lent to a borrower (debtor) in exchange for a promise to repay the amount borrowed plus interest at a certain date in the future.,
        label: Notes And Loans Receivable [Member],
        terseLabel: Long-term receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NotesAndLoansReceivableMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_NumberOfEmployeesUnderAdministrativeProceedings: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of employees under administrative proceedings by appropriate authority of country where the entity operates.,
        label: Number Of Employees Under Administrative Proceedings,
        terseLabel: Number of employees under administrative proceedings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfEmployeesUnderAdministrativeProceedings,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    bg_NumberOfFinanceSubsidiariesIssuingSeniorNotes: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the number of finance subsidiaries issuing senior notes.,
        label: Number of Finance Subsidiaries Issuing Senior Notes,
        terseLabel: Number of finance subsidiaries issuing senior notes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfFinanceSubsidiariesIssuingSeniorNotes,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    bg_NumberOfSugarMillsInBrazilToProduceSugarEthanolAndElectricity: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the number of sugar mills in Brazil to produce sugar
 ethanol and electricity.,
        label: Number of Sugar Mills in Brazil to Produce Sugar
 Ethanol and Electricity,
        terseLabel: Number of sugar mills in Brazil
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfSugarMillsInBrazilToProduceSugarEthanolAndElectricity,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    bg_OceanFreightDerivativesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to ocean freight contracts.,
        label: Ocean Freight Derivatives [Member],
        terseLabel: Freight,
        verboseLabel: Ocean freight
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OceanFreightDerivativesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_OceanFreightVesselsAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information pertaining to ocean freight vessels agreement.,
        label: Ocean Freight Vessels Agreement [Member],
        terseLabel: Ocean Freight Vessels
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OceanFreightVesselsAgreementMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_OperatingLeaseLiabilityLeaseNotyetCommenced: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Lease Not yet Commenced,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Lease Not yet Commenced,
        terseLabel: Operating leases that have not yet commenced
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityLeaseNotyetCommenced,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OperatingLeaseRightofUseAssetPrepaidRent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset
 Prepaid Rent,
        label: Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset
 Prepaid Rent,
        terseLabel: Prepaid lease balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightofUseAssetPrepaidRent,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OperatingLeasesMinimumInitialLeaseTerm: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Leases
 Minimum Initial Lease Term,
        label: Operating Leases
 Minimum Initial Lease Term,
        terseLabel: Initial lease term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesMinimumInitialLeaseTerm,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    bg_OperatingLossCarryforwardsIndefinitely: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the indefinite carryforwards of operating loss.,
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards Indefinitely,
        terseLabel: Indefinite-lived loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsIndefinitely,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLimitationsOnUsePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of limitations on the use of all operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income.,
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards Limitations on Use
 Percentage,
        terseLabel: Maximum percentage of annual utilization of carryforward of loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsLimitationsOnUsePercentage,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    bg_OperatingLossCarryforwardsPeriodOfRealization: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the period of realization operating loss carryforwards.,
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards Period of Realization,
        terseLabel: Period of realization loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsPeriodOfRealization,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    bg_OptionsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Options Abstract,
        label: Options [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OptionsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationTax: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Before Reclassification
 Tax,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Before Reclassification
 Tax,
        negatedLabel: Unrealized gains (losses) on designated cash flow and net investment hedges
 tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationTax,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationafterTax: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxIncludingPortionAttributabletoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Before Reclassification
 after Tax,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Before Reclassification
 after Tax,
        negatedTerseLabel: Unrealized gains (losses) on designated hedges
 net of tax (expense) benefit of $(2)
 $1
 and $(1)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationafterTax,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossReclassificationAfterTax: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxIncludingPortionAttributabletoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification
 After Tax,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification
 After Tax,
        negatedTerseLabel: Reclassification of realized net losses (gains) to net income
 net of tax expense (benefit) of $(2)
 $2
 and $2
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossReclassificationAfterTax,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossReclassificationTax: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification
Tax,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification
Tax,
        terseLabel: Reclassification of realized net losses (gains) to net income
 tax expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeAndNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossReclassificationTax,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPlanRemeasurementGainLossAfterTax: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Remeasurement Gain (Loss)
 After Tax,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Remeasurement Gain (Loss)
 After Tax,
        negatedLabel: Remeasurement loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPlanRemeasurementGainLossAfterTax,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityPensionLiabiltyAdjustmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxAdjusted: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Adjusted,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Adjusted,
        totalLabel: Net-current period other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxAdjusted,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxIncludingPortionAttributabletoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Including Portion Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Including Portion Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest,
        totalLabel: Total other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxIncludingPortionAttributabletoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansPlanAmendmentsRemeasurementGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments
 Remeasurement Gain (Loss),
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments
 Remeasurement Gain (Loss),
        negatedTerseLabel: Remeasurement loss recognized and recorded in other comprehensive income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansPlanAmendmentsRemeasurementGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansPlanAmendmentsSettlementAndCurtailmentGainLossAfterTax: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments
 Settlement And Curtailment Gain (Loss)
 After Tax,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments
 Settlement And Curtailment Gain (Loss)
 After Tax,
        terseLabel: Pension curtailment gain recognized and recorded in other comprehensive income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansPlanAmendmentsSettlementAndCurtailmentGainLossAfterTax,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherDerivativesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Derivatives [Member],
        label: Other Derivatives [Member],
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherDerivativesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_OtherIncomeExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the primary financial statement caption in which reported facts about revenue and expenses
 not separately
 disclosed have been included.,
        label: Other Income Expense [Member],
        terseLabel: Other income (expense)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherIncomeExpenseMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_OtherIndustrialInitiativesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Industrial Initiatives [Member],
        label: Other Industrial Initiatives [Member],
        terseLabel: Other Industrial Initiatives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherIndustrialInitiativesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_OtherLongTermDebtMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents senior notes of one of the entity's subsidiaries.,
        label: Other Long Term Debt [Member],
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLongTermDebtMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_OtherLongTermReceivablesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents other long-term receivables.,
        label: Other Long Term Receivables [Member],
        terseLabel: Other long-term receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLongTermReceivablesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAndGainLossOnDispositionOfAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net amount of other income and expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period and gain (loss) from sale or disposal of assets. Other income and expense amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items. Sale of assets includes but not limited to property
 plant and equipment
 inventories and contracts.,
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) And Gain (Loss) On Disposition Of Assets,
        terseLabel: Other income (expense)\u2014net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAndGainLossOnDispositionOfAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherProgramCosts: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Program Costs,
        label: Other Program Costs,
        terseLabel: Other Program Costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherProgramCosts,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_OtherPurchaseCommitmentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Purchase Commitments [Member],
        label: Other Purchase Commitments [Member],
        terseLabel: Other purchase commitments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPurchaseCommitmentsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_OtherSecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This category includes information about investments in securities which are not otherwise provided for in the existing taxonomy in the form of Domain Members or individual elements.,
        label: Other Securities [Member],
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherSecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_PensionPlanDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: n/a,
        label: Pension Plan Disclosure [Line Items],
        verboseLabel: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionPlanDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_PercentageOfAdditionalDeferredPurchasePriceReceivables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the percentage of additional deferred purchase price receivables.,
        label: Percentage of Additional Deferred Purchase Price Receivables,
        terseLabel: Percentage of receivables sold sale price whose collection is deferred
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PercentageOfAdditionalDeferredPurchasePriceReceivables,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    bg_PercentageOnConversionPriceOfClosingPriceOfCommonStockTradedForAtLeast20ConsecutiveTradingDaysOutOf30ConsecutiveTradingDaysInPeriodExceedsTargetPrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum period of consecutive trading days that the entity's common stock closing price to conversion price must exceed a specified percentage of conversion price to trigger conversion feature of notes.,
        label: Percentage on Conversion Price of Closing Price of Common Stock Traded for at Least 20 Consecutive Trading Days out of 30 Consecutive Trading Days in Period Exceeds Target Price,
        terseLabel: Target ratio of closing share price to conversion price as a condition for conversion or redemption of Convertible Notes (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PercentageOnConversionPriceOfClosingPriceOfCommonStockTradedForAtLeast20ConsecutiveTradingDaysOutOf30ConsecutiveTradingDaysInPeriodExceedsTargetPrice,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    bg_PerformanceBasedRestrictedStockUnitsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the details pertaining to the performance-based restricted stock units which are issued under share-based compensation plan.,
        label: Performance Based Restricted Stock Units [Member],
        terseLabel: Performance-based restricted stock units
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceBasedRestrictedStockUnitsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_PisCofinsLiabilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents tax claims associated with PIS COFINS.,
        label: Pis Cofins Liability [Member],
        terseLabel: PIS COFINS liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PisCofinsLiabilityMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_PlanAmendmentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan Amendments [Member],
        label: Plan Amendments [Member],
        terseLabel: Plan Amendments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanAmendmentsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Portfolio Rationalizing Initiatives [Member],
        label: Portfolio Rationalizing Initiatives [Member],
        terseLabel: Portfolio Rationalizing Initiatives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PortfolioRationalizingInitiativesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_PowerSupplyContractsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the contractual obligation to the purchase power.,
        label: Power Supply Contracts [Member],
        terseLabel: Power supply contracts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PowerSupplyContractsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_PreferredStockAdditionalLiquidationPreferenceHighEndOfRange: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the preference shares' additional liquidation preference in dollars per share.,
        label: Preferred Stock Additional Liquidation Preference High End of Range,
        terseLabel: Liquidation preference (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockAdditionalLiquidationPreferenceHighEndOfRange,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    bg_PrinciplesOfConsolidationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: No definition.,
        label: Principles of Consolidation [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Principles of Consolidation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrinciplesOfConsolidationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_ProMaizMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to ProMaiz
 in which the entity has an investment in common stock accounted for under the equity method of accounting.,
        label: Pro Maiz [Member],
        terseLabel: ProMaiz
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProMaizMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ProceedsFromIssuancesOfLetterOfCreditObligationsUnderTradeStructuredFinanceProgram: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the issuance of letters of credit obligations under the Trade Structured Finance Program
 having an initial term of repayment within one year.,
        label: Proceeds from Issuances of Letter of Credit Obligations under Trade Structured Finance Program,
        terseLabel: Total net proceeds from issuances of LCs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuancesOfLetterOfCreditObligationsUnderTradeStructuredFinanceProgram,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_ProceedsfromContributionsofInteresttoJointVenture: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Proceeds from Contributions of Interest to Joint Venture,
        label: Proceeds from Contributions of Interest to Joint Venture,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from transaction
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsfromContributionsofInteresttoJointVenture,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPortAndMachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property
 Plant
 And Equipment
 Port
 And Machinery And Equipment [Member],
        label: Property
 Plant
 And Equipment
 Port
 And Machinery And Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment of feedmills
 a port
 and various machinery and equipment in Brazil
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPortAndMachineryAndEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the disclosure about useful life of property
 plant and equipment.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment Useful Life [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_PropertyPlantandEquipmentandAPortMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property
 Plant
 and Equipment and A Port [Member],
        label: Property
 Plant
 and Equipment and A Port [Member],
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment at a port
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantandEquipmentandAPortMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_QualitativeAndQuantitativeInformationAssetsOrLiabilitiesForTransferorsContinuingInvolvementInSecuritizationOrAssetBackedFinancingArrangementTransfereesCommitment: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of funding committed by third parties utilized to facilitate a transfer of financial assets in which the transferor continues to have involvement.,
        label: Qualitative and Quantitative Information Assets or Liabilities for Transferors Continuing Involvement in Securitization or Asset-Backed Financing Arrangement Transferees Commitment,
        terseLabel: Maximum funding under trade receivables securitization program
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QualitativeAndQuantitativeInformationAssetsOrLiabilitiesForTransferorsContinuingInvolvementInSecuritizationOrAssetBackedFinancingArrangementTransfereesCommitment,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_QuangDungMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to Quang Dung.,
        label: Quang Dung [Member],
        terseLabel: Quang Dung
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuangDungMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents fair value of readily marketable inventories which are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics
 widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms.,
        label: Readily Marketable Inventories at Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Readily marketable inventories at fair value,
        verboseLabel: Readily marketable inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReadilyMarketableInventoriesAtFairValue,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_ReadilyMarketableInventoriesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agricultural commodity inventories which are readily marketable
 have quoted market prices and may be sold without significant additional processing.,
        label: Readily Marketable Inventories [Member],
        terseLabel: Readily Marketable Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReadilyMarketableInventoriesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_RecentlyAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of recently adopted accounting policies
 including impact on the financial statements of the entity.,
        label: Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RecentlyAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_ReconciliationofSegmentIncomeLossbeforeIncomeTaxestoConsolidatedNetIncomeLossTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the reconciliation of income or loss before interest and income taxes from reportable segments
 to the entity's consolidated net income or loss attributable to the parent company.,
        label: Reconciliation of Segment Income (Loss)
 before Income Taxes to Consolidated Net Income (Loss) [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of total segment EBIT to net income attributable to Bunge
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReconciliationofSegmentIncomeLossbeforeIncomeTaxestoConsolidatedNetIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_RecoverableTaxesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Describes an entity's accounting policy for recoverable value-added taxes.,
        label: Recoverable Taxes [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Recoverable Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RecoverableTaxesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_RecoverableTaxesProvisionsItem: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 17.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the amount of current period expense charged against operations
 the offset which is allowance for recoverable taxes for the purpose of reducing recoverable taxes receivable which include value added taxes paid upon the acquisition of raw materials and other services and certain other transactional taxes.,
        label: Recoverable Taxes Provisions Item,
        terseLabel: Recoverable and income taxes
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RecoverableTaxesProvisionsItem,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Entire disclosure of redeemable noncontrolling interest (as defined) included in the statement of financial position as either a liability or temporary equity.,
        label: Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents aggregate carrying amount of all noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the entity.,
        label: Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest [Member],
        terseLabel: Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_RedemptionOfRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interests during the period.,
        label: Redemption of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest,
        negatedLabel: Acquisition of noncontrolling interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RedemptionOfRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_RelocationofGlobalHeadquartersMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Relocation of Global Headquarters [Member],
        label: Relocation of Global Headquarters [Member],
        terseLabel: Relocation of global headquarters
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelocationofGlobalHeadquartersMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_RenegotiatedAmountMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents renegotiated amounts of financing receivables.,
        label: Renegotiated Amount [Member],
        terseLabel: Renegotiated amounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RenegotiatedAmountMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ResidualValueGuaranteeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the guarantee
 obtained by the lessor from another party that the residual value will be worth a certain preset amount at the end of the lease period.,
        label: Residual Value Guarantee [Member],
        terseLabel: Residual value guarantee
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ResidualValueGuaranteeMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_RestrictedStockUnitsAdditionalActivityInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represent information regarding restricted stock units additional activity.,
        label: Restricted Stock Units
 Additional Activity Information [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock Units
 Additional Activity Information
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedStockUnitsAdditionalActivityInformationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_RestrictedStockUnitsUnrecognizedCompensationCostAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restricted Stock Units
 Unrecognized Compensation Cost,
        label: Restricted Stock Units
 Unrecognized Compensation Cost [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Unrecognized Compensation Cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedStockUnitsUnrecognizedCompensationCostAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_RevenueFromOtherArrangements: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Revenues,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue From Other Arrangements,
        label: Revenue From Other Arrangements,
        terseLabel: Sales from other arrangements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromOtherArrangements,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_RevolvingCreditFacilityExpiring2020Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revolving Credit Facility Expiring 2020 [Member],
        label: Revolving Credit Facility Expiring 2020 [Member],
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility expiring 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityExpiring2020Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.,
        label: Schedule of Assumptions Used Benefit Obligation [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of weighted-average assumptions used in determining the benefit obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedNetPeriodicBenefitCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.,
        label: Schedule of Assumptions
 Used Net Periodic Benefit Cost [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of weighted-average assumptions used in determining the net periodic benefit costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedNetPeriodicBenefitCostTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitChangesInBenefitObligationPlanAssetsNetAmountRecognizedOnBalanceSheetTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of changes in benefit obligations
 plan assets
 and the amounts recognized in the balance sheet for defined benefit plans.,
        label: Schedule of Defined Benefit Changes in Benefit Obligation Plan Assets Net Amount Recognized on Balance Sheet [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Changes in the defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans' benefit obligations
 assets and funded status of plans recognized in the balance sheet
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitChangesInBenefitObligationPlanAssetsNetAmountRecognizedOnBalanceSheetTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_ScheduleOfGoodwillBySegmentAndPurchasePriceAllocationTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents schedule of goodwill and the changes during the year due to acquisition
 sale
 impairment or for other reasons. Also
 represents the details of purchase price allocation.,
        label: Schedule of Goodwill by Segment and Purchase Price Allocation [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Goodwill by Segment and Purchase Price Allocation [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillBySegmentAndPurchasePriceAllocationTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_SecuredAdvancesToSuppliers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 22.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net change during the reporting period in the amount due within one year from suppliers for cash advances provided to the suppliers
 which are within the working capital section.,
        label: Secured Advances to Suppliers,
        negatedTerseLabel: Secured advances to suppliers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecuredAdvancesToSuppliers,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_SegmentGeographicalGroupsOfCountriesGroupThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A third specified group of foreign countries about which segment information is provided by the entity.,
        label: Segment Geographical Groups Of Countries Group Three [Member],
        terseLabel: Rest of world
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentGeographicalGroupsOfCountriesGroupThreeMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SegmentReportingInformationIncomeLossBeforeInterestAndIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents amount of income or loss for the reportable segment before interest and income taxes.,
        label: Segment Reporting Information Income (Loss)
 before Interest and Income Taxes,
        terseLabel: Segment EBIT,
        verboseLabel: Total segment EBIT from continuing operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentReportingInformationIncomeLossBeforeInterestAndIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_SeniorNotes1.85PercentDue2023Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents senior notes at an interest rate of 1.85 percent
 which is due 2023.,
        label: Senior Notes1.85 Percent Due2023 [Member],
        terseLabel: 1.85% Senior Notes due 2023\u2014Euro
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeniorNotes1.85PercentDue2023Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SeniorNotes3.00PercentDue2022Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Senior Notes 3.00 Percent Due 2022 [Member],
        label: Senior Notes 3.00 Percent Due 2022 [Member],
        terseLabel: 3.00% Senior Notes due 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeniorNotes3.00PercentDue2022Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SeniorNotes3.25PercentDue2026Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents senior notes at an interest rate of 3.25 percent
 which is due 2026.,
        label: Senior Notes3.25 Percent Due2026 [Member],
        verboseLabel: 3.25% Senior Notes due 2026
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeniorNotes3.25PercentDue2026Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SeniorNotes3.50PercentDue2020Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents senior notes at an interest rate of 3.50 percent
 which is due in 2020,
        label: Senior Notes3.50 Percent Due2020 [Member],
        terseLabel: 3.50% Senior Notes due 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeniorNotes3.50PercentDue2020Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SeniorNotes3.75PercentDue2027Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Senior Notes 3.75 Percent Due 2027 [Member],
        label: Senior Notes 3.75 Percent Due 2027 [Member],
        terseLabel: 3.75% Senior Notes due 2027
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeniorNotes3.75PercentDue2027Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SeniorNotes4.35PercentDue2024Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Senior Notes 4.35 Percent Due 2024 [Member],
        label: Senior Notes 4.35 Percent Due 2024 [Member],
        terseLabel: 4.35% Senior Notes due 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeniorNotes4.35PercentDue2024Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsCommonSharesIssuedNetOfSharesWithheldForTax: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of common shares issued under the plan
 net of shares withheld to cover taxes
 including related common shares representing accrued corresponding dividends.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options Common Shares Issued Net of Shares Withheld for Tax,
        terseLabel: Common shares issued
 net of common shares withheld to cover taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsCommonSharesIssuedNetOfSharesWithheldForTax,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    bg_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsCommonSharesIssuedNetOfSharesWithheldForTaxWeightedAverageFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value of common shares vested and issued under the plan
 net of shares withheld to cover taxes
 including related common shares representing accrued corresponding dividends.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options Common Shares Issued
 Net of Shares Withheld for Tax Weighted Average Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Common shares issued
 net of common shares withheld to cover taxes
 weighted-average fair value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsCommonSharesIssuedNetOfSharesWithheldForTaxWeightedAverageFairValue,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    bg_StockOptionsAndContingentlyIssuableRestrictedStockUnitsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents incremental common shares attributable to stock options and contingently issuable restricted stock units that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented. Stock options is a contract that gives the holder the right
 but not the obligation
 either to purchase or to sell a certain number of shares of stock at a predetermined price for a specified period of time. Restricted stock are shares of stock for which sale is contractually or governmentally restricted for a given period of time.,
        label: Stock Options And Contingently Issuable Restricted Stock Units [Member],
        terseLabel: Stock options and contingently issuable restricted stock units
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockOptionsAndContingentlyIssuableRestrictedStockUnitsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SugarAndBioenergyMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the sugar and bioenergy segment of the entity.,
        label: Sugar And Bioenergy [Member],
        terseLabel: Sugar and Bioenergy
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SugarAndBioenergyMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SugarAndBioenergyProductsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the sugar and bioenergy products.,
        label: Sugar And Bioenergy Products [Member],
        terseLabel: Sugar and Bioenergy Products
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SugarAndBioenergyProductsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SupplyAgreementstoSellRighttoUseOceanFreightVesselsPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the range of the period of the right to use ocean freight vessels.,
        label: Supply Agreements to Sell Right to Use Ocean Freight Vessels
 Period,
        terseLabel: Freight supply agreement term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplyAgreementstoSellRighttoUseOceanFreightVesselsPeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    bg_SwapsandFuturesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Swaps and Futures [Member],
        label: Swaps and Futures [Member],
        terseLabel: Swaps and futures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SwapsandFuturesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_SwissPlanGCPChangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Swiss Plan GCP Change [Member],
        label: Swiss Plan GCP Change [Member],
        terseLabel: Swiss Plan GCP Change
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SwissPlanGCPChangeMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TaxExaminationOtherThanIncomeTaxTaxAssessmentTaxingAuthorities: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax assessment other than income by taxing authorities.,
        label: Tax Examination Other Than Income Tax
 Tax Assessment
 Taxing Authorities,
        terseLabel: Total assessment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxExaminationOtherThanIncomeTaxTaxAssessmentTaxingAuthorities,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_TaxReturnExamination1990ToPresentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Return Examination 1990 To Present [Member],
        label: Tax Return Examination 1990 To Present [Member],
        terseLabel: Tax return examination 1990 to Present
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxReturnExamination1990ToPresentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TaxReturnExamination2004To2016Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Return Examination 2004 To 2016 [Member],
        label: Tax Return Examination 2004 To 2016 [Member],
        terseLabel: Tax return examination 2004 To 2016
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxReturnExamination2004To2016Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TaxYear2006ThroughTaxYear2009Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Year 2006 Through Tax Year 2009 [Member],
        label: Tax Year 2006 Through Tax Year 2009 [Member],
        terseLabel: Tax year 2006 through 2009
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxYear2006ThroughTaxYear2009Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TemporaryEquityDividends: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Temporary Equity
 Dividends,
        label: Temporary Equity
 Dividends,
        negatedTerseLabel: Dividends to noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TemporaryEquityDividends,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_TerfronPortTerminalInBrazilMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information pertaining to Terfron port terminal in Brazil.,
        label: Terfron Port Terminal In Brazil [Member],
        terseLabel: Terminal Fronteira Norte Logstica S.A.(\TFN\)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TerfronPortTerminalInBrazilMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TermLoanLiborPlus0.75PercentDue2019Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the fixed interest term loan with an interest rate of LIBOR plus 0.75% percent
 which is due in 2019.,
        label: Term Loan Libor Plus0.75 Percent Due2019 [Member],
        terseLabel: Term loan due 2019 - fixed Yen interest rate of 0.96% (Tranche B)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TermLoanLiborPlus0.75PercentDue2019Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TermLoanLiborPlus1.30PercentDue2019Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the fixed interest term loan with an interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.30% percent
 which is due in 2019,
        label: Term Loan Libor Plus1.30 Percent Due2019 [Member],
        terseLabel: Term loan due 2024 - three-month LIBOR plus 1.30% (Tranche B)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TermLoanLiborPlus1.30PercentDue2019Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TermLoanYenInterestRate0.96PercentDue2019Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the fixed interest term loan with Yen interest rate 0.96% percent
 which is due in 2019.,
        label: Term Loan Yen Interest Rate0.96 Percent Due2019 [Member],
        terseLabel: Term loan due 2024 - three-month Yen LIBOR plus 0.75% (Tranche A)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TermLoanYenInterestRate0.96PercentDue2019Member,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TerminaisDoGraneisDoGuarujaMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information pertaining to Terminais do Graneis do Guaruja located on the left bank of the Port od Santos
 Brazil.,
        label: Terminais Do Graneis Do Guaruja [Member],
        terseLabel: Terminais do Graneis do Guaruja(\TGG\)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TerminaisDoGraneisDoGuarujaMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TimeDepositsAndLettersOfCreditsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Time Deposits And Letters Of Credits [Member],
        label: Time Deposits And Letters Of Credits [Member],
        terseLabel: Time deposits and LCs presented net on the consolidated balance sheets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TimeDepositsAndLettersOfCreditsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_TimeDepositsUnderTradeStructuredFinanceProgramWeightedAverageInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the calculation as of the balance sheet date of the average interest rate weighted by the amount of time deposits under Trade Structured Finance Program outstanding at that time.,
        label: Time Deposits under Trade Structured Finance Program Weighted Average Interest Rate,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average interest rate of time deposits (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TimeDepositsUnderTradeStructuredFinanceProgramWeightedAverageInterestRate,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    bg_TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramAccordionFeatureAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trade Receivables Securitization Program
 Accordion Feature Amount,
        label: Trade Receivables Securitization Program
 Accordion Feature Amount,
        terseLabel: Trade receivables securitization program
 accordion feature amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramAccordionFeatureAmount,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramAccordionFeatureExercisedAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trade Receivables Securitization Program
 Accordion Feature Exercised Amount,
        label: Trade Receivables Securitization Program
 Accordion Feature Exercised Amount,
        terseLabel: Trade receivables securitization program
 accordion feature exercised amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramAccordionFeatureExercisedAmount,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_TradeStructuredFinanceProgramAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trade Structured Finance Program [Abstract],
        label: Trade Structured Finance Program [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradeStructuredFinanceProgramAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the trade structured finance program.,
        label: Trade Structured Finance Program Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: TRADE STRUCTURED FINANCE PROGRAM
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgram
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    bg_TradeStructuredFinanceProgramLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trade Structured Finance Program,
        label: Trade Structured Finance Program [Line Items],
        verboseLabel: TRADE STRUCTURED FINANCE PROGRAM
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradeStructuredFinanceProgramLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_TradeStructuredFinanceProgramTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to trade structured finance program.,
        label: Trade Structured Finance Program [Table],
        terseLabel: Trade Structured Finance Program [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradeStructuredFinanceProgramTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    bg_TransfersOfFinancialAssetsAccountedForAsSalePaymentTerm: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the payment term for receivables.,
        label: Transfers of Financial Assets Accounted for as Sale
 Payment Term,
        terseLabel: Payment term for receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TransfersOfFinancialAssetsAccountedForAsSalePaymentTerm,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    bg_UncommittedShortTermCreditFacilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents activity related to uncommitted short term lending arrangements.,
        label: Uncommitted Short Term Credit Facilities [Member],
        terseLabel: Bilateral short-term credit line
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UncommittedShortTermCreditFacilitiesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_UnconsolidatedAffiliatesFinancingGuaranteesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents guarantees to certain financial institutions related to debt of unconsolidated joint ventures.,
        label: Unconsolidated Affiliates Financing Guarantees [Member],
        terseLabel: Unconsolidated affiliates guarantee
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnconsolidatedAffiliatesFinancingGuaranteesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesIncludedInStatementOfFinancialPosition: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments which is included in the statement of financial position.,
        label: Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Included in Statement of Financial Position,
        terseLabel: Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative contracts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesIncludedInStatementOfFinancialPosition,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreaseResultingfromDisposition: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Disposition,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Disposition,
        negatedTerseLabel: Reductions due to dispositions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreaseResultingfromDisposition,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreaseDecreaseFromForeignCurrencyTranslationImpact: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The gross amount of changes in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from foreign currency translation impacts.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increase (Decrease) from Foreign Currency Translation Impact,
        terseLabel: Foreign currency translation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreaseDecreaseFromForeignCurrencyTranslationImpact,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_UnsecuredLineOfCreditWithVariableInterestRateMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A debt obligation not collateralized by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets for contractual arrangement with a lender under which short-term borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point of time for variable rate of interest.,
        label: Unsecured Line Of Credit With Variable Interest Rate [Member],
        terseLabel: Unsecured
 variable interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnsecuredLineOfCreditWithVariableInterestRateMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_UnsecuredLocalBorrowingsInHighInterestRateJurisdictionsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents debt obligations not collateralized by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets for contractual arrangement local lenders in high rate jurisdictions.,
        label: Unsecured Local Borrowings In High Interest Rate Jurisdictions [Member],
        terseLabel: Unsecured local currency borrowings in high interest rate jurisdictions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnsecuredLocalBorrowingsInHighInterestRateJurisdictionsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdditionsAndAdjustmentsForChargesToCostAndExpense: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase and adjustments in the allowances and reserves
 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 from charges to costs and expenses.,
        label: Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Additions And Adjustments for Charges to Cost and Expense,
        terseLabel: Charged to costs and expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdditionsAndAdjustmentsForChargesToCostAndExpense,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    bg_ValueAddedTaxClaimsICMSIPIAndCOFINSMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents tax claims primarily related to value added tax claims (ICMS
 IPI
 PIS and COFINS).  These are tax assessment from the states that granted these incentives or benefits to the entity and related to the validity of the benefits.,
        label: Value Added Tax Claims I C M S I P I And C O F I N S [Member],
        terseLabel: Value added tax claims (ICMS
 IPI
 PIS and COFINS)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValueAddedTaxClaimsICMSIPIAndCOFINSMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_VietnamAgribusinessHoldingsPtdLtdVAHMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vietnam Agribusiness Holdings Ptd
 Ltd (VAH) [Member],
        label: Vietnam Agribusiness Holdings Ptd
 Ltd (VAH) [Member],
        terseLabel: VAH
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VietnamAgribusinessHoldingsPtdLtdVAHMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_WheatMillingProductsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the wheat milling products.,
        label: Wheat Milling Products [Member],
        terseLabel: Wheat Milling Products
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WheatMillingProductsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_WhollyOwnedSubsidiaryMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents details of all activities in wholly-owned subsidiary of a company.,
        label: Wholly Owned Subsidiary [Member],
        terseLabel: 100% owned subsidiaries
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WhollyOwnedSubsidiaryMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    bg_WilmarInternationalLimitedMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to wilmar international limited.,
        label: Wilmar International Limited [Member],
        terseLabel: Wilmar International Limited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WilmarInternationalLimitedMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bunge.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    country_AR: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: ARGENTINA,
        terseLabel: Argentina
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AR,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    country_BR: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: BRAZIL,
        terseLabel: Brazil
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BR,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    country_CA: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: CANADA,
        terseLabel: Canada
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CA,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    country_PL: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: POLAND,
        terseLabel: Poland
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PL,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    country_US: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: UNITED STATES,
        terseLabel: United States
       }
      }
     },
     localname: US,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    currency_AllCurrenciesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: All Currencies [Domain],
        terseLabel: All Currencies [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllCurrenciesDomain,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    currency_EUR: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Euro Member Countries
 Euro,
        terseLabel: Euro
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EUR,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.,
        label: Amendment Flag,
        terseLabel: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmendmentFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city,
        label: City Area Code,
        terseLabel: City Area Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CityAreaCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.,
        label: Cover page.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CoverAbstract,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.,
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date,
        terseLabel: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r816
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.,
        label: Document Annual Report,
        terseLabel: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.,
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus,
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.,
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus,
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.,
        label: Document Period End Date,
        terseLabel: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r815
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.,
        label: Document Transition Report,
        terseLabel: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.,
        label: Document Type,
        terseLabel: Document Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentType,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r813
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.,
        label: Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Documents Incorporated by Reference
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name,
        label: Entity Address
 Address Line One,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 Address Line One
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town,
        label: Entity Address
 City or Town,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 City or Town
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code,
        label: Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.,
        label: Entity Address
 State or Province,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 State or Province
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r817
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.,
        label: Entity Central Index Key,
        terseLabel: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.,
        label: Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status,
        terseLabel: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: All the names of the entities being reported upon in a document. Any legal structure used to conduct activities or to hold assets. Some examples of such structures are corporations
 partnerships
 limited liability companies
 grantor trusts
 and other trusts. This item does not include business and geographical segments which are included in the geographical or business segments domains.,
        label: Entity [Domain],
        terseLabel: Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityDomain,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r817
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.,
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company,
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.,
        label: Entity File Number,
        terseLabel: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFileNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r817
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Filer Category,
        terseLabel: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFilerCategory,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.,
        label: Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code,
        terseLabel: Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r818
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).,
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current,
        terseLabel: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.,
        label: Entity Public Float,
        terseLabel: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityPublicFloat,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r817
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.,
        label: Entity Registrant Name,
        terseLabel: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityRegistrantName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r817
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.,
        label: Entity Shell Company,
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityShellCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r817
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).,
        label: Entity Small Business,
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r817
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.,
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number,
        terseLabel: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    },
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.,
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers,
        terseLabel: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.,
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer,
        terseLabel: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_LegalEntityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The set of legal entities associated with a report.,
        label: Legal Entity [Axis],
        terseLabel: Legal Entity [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LegalEntityAxis,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.,
        label: Local Phone Number,
        terseLabel: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r812
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.,
        label: Title of 12(b) Security,
        terseLabel: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Security12bTitle,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    },
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r814
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.,
        label: Security Exchange Name,
        terseLabel: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecurityExchangeName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    },
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.,
        label: Trading Symbol,
        terseLabel: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradingSymbol,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    },
    srt_AffiliatedEntityMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448,
      r706,
      r708,
      r810,
      r820
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: An affiliate is a party that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by
 or is under common control with the entity.,
        label: Affiliated Entity [Member],
        terseLabel: Unconsolidated investees and other related parties
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AffiliatedEntityMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_AsiaPacificMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Region of Asia Pacific.,
        label: Asia Pacific [Member],
        terseLabel: Asia-Pacific
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AsiaPacificMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r810,
      r820
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by consolidated entity or group of entities.,
        label: Consolidated Entities [Axis],
        terseLabel: Consolidated Entities [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ConsolidatedEntitiesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Entity or group of entities consolidated into reporting entity.,
        label: Consolidated Entities [Domain],
        terseLabel: Consolidated Entities [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsolidatedEntitiesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232,
      r240
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by components
 eliminations
 non-segment corporate-level activity and reconciling items used in consolidating a parent entity and its subsidiaries or its operating segments.,
        label: Consolidation Items [Axis],
        terseLabel: Consolidation Items [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsolidationItemsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ConsolidationItemsDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components
 elimination
 non-segment corporate-level activity and reconciling items used in consolidating a parent entity and its subsidiaries or its operating segments.,
        label: Consolidation Items [Domain],
        terseLabel: Consolidation Items [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsolidationItemsDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_CounterpartyNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98,
      r185,
      r823
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of counterparty. A counterparty is the other party that participates in a financial transaction. Examples include
 but not limited to
 the name of the financial institution.,
        label: Counterparty Name [Axis],
        terseLabel: Counterparty Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CounterpartyNameAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_CurrencyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by currency.,
        label: Currency [Axis],
        terseLabel: Currency [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrencyAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of investment
 including named security. Excludes consolidated entity.,
        label: Investment
 Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Investment
 Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_EuropeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Continent of Europe.,
        label: Europe [Member],
        terseLabel: Europe
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EuropeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.,
        label: Maximum [Member],
        terseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MaximumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.,
        label: Minimum [Member],
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_NorthAmericaMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Continent of North America.,
        label: North America [Member],
        terseLabel: North America
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NorthAmericaMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_OwnershipAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of entity in which ownership interest is disclosed. Excludes equity method investee and named security investment.,
        label: Ownership [Axis],
        terseLabel: Ownership [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OwnershipAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_OwnershipDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of entity in which ownership interest is disclosed. Excludes equity method investee and named security investment.,
        label: Ownership [Domain],
        terseLabel: Ownership [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OwnershipDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242,
      r400,
      r402,
      r792,
      r793
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service
 or group of similar products and similar services.,
        label: Product and Service [Axis],
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service
 or a group of similar products or similar services.,
        label: Product and Service [Domain],
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis],
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain],
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_RepurchaseAgreementCounterpartyNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Named other party that participates in a financial transaction. Examples include
 but not limited to
 the name of the financial institution.,
        label: Counterparty Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Counterparty Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepurchaseAgreementCounterpartyNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of investment
 including named security. Excludes consolidated entity.,
        label: Investment
 Name [Axis],
        terseLabel: Investment
 Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196,
      r822
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccounts
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Geographical area.,
        label: Geographical [Domain],
        terseLabel: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r244,
      r400,
      r403,
      r794,
      r807,
      r809,
      r819,
      r821
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by geographical components.,
        label: Geographical [Axis],
        terseLabel: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_SubsidiariesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448,
      r706,
      r708
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Entity owned or controlled by another entity.,
        label: Subsidiaries [Member],
        terseLabel: Subsidiaries
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsidiariesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196,
      r822
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table],
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent
 Net of Tax [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: AOCI Attributable to Parent
 Net of Tax [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r687
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842).,
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member],
        terseLabel: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201802Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2018-02 Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.,
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2018-02 [Member],
        terseLabel: Accounting Standards Update 2018-02
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201802Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Aging of non-defaulted and renegotiated amounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of receivable.,
        label: Receivable Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Receivable Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableGrossAllowanceAndNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable
 Gross
 Allowance
 and Net [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Trade Accounts Receivable and Secured Advances to Suppliers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableGrossAllowanceAndNetAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accounts Payable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Trade accounts payable (includes $378 and $441 carried at fair value)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: [
      r662
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value portion of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables.,
        label: Accounts Payable
 Fair Value Disclosure,
        terseLabel: Trade accounts payable,
        verboseLabel: Trade accounts payable
 at fair value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableFairValueDisclosure,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26,
      r55,
      r246,
      r247,
      r401
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 after Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current,
        verboseLabel: Trade accounts receivable (less allowances of $108 and $113)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Liabilities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106,
      r113,
      r115,
      r442,
      r593
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to defined benefit plans attributable to the parent.,
        label: Accumulated Defined Benefit Plans Adjustment Attributable to Parent [Member],
        terseLabel: Pension and Other Postretirement Liability Adjustments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70,
      r327
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.,
        label: Accumulated Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Less: accumulated depreciation and depletion
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113,
      r123,
      r592
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) from gain (loss) of derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness
 attributable to parent.,
        label: Accumulated Gain (Loss)
 Net
 Cash Flow Hedge
 Parent [Member],
        terseLabel: Deferred Gains (Losses) on Hedging Activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103,
      r104,
      r105,
      r113,
      r115
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated unrealized gain (loss) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale)
 attributable to parent.,
        label: AOCI
 Accumulated Gain (Loss)
 Debt Securities
 Available-for-sale
 Parent [Member],
        terseLabel: Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items],
        terseLabel: EQUITY
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109,
      r112,
      r113
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax,
        terseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108,
      r113,
      r115,
      r593
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101,
      r113,
      r115,
      r593
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) resulting from foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to the parent.,
        label: Accumulated Foreign Currency Adjustment Attributable to Parent [Member],
        terseLabel: Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life,
        terseLabel: Useful life,
        verboseLabel: Weighted-average amortization period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AcquisitionRelatedCostsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Category of acquisition-related costs allocated to (included in) reported pro forma earnings (supplemental pro forma information).,
        label: Acquisition-related Costs [Member],
        terseLabel: Acquisition-related costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AcquisitionRelatedCostsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.,
        label: Additional Paid in Capital,
        terseLabel: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.,
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member],
        terseLabel: Additional Paid-in Capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentForLongTermIntercompanyTransactionsGrossOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r668,
      r673,
      r674,
      r676
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Current period adjustment resulting from gains and losses on intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 that is
 settlement is not planned or anticipated in the foreseeable future. Resulting from the entities to the transaction being consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting entity's financial statements.,
        label: Adjustment for Long-term Intercompany Transactions
 Gross of Tax,
        terseLabel: Foreign currency gains and losses on intercompany loans used as net investment hedges included in other comprehensive income (loss) during the period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentForLongTermIntercompanyTransactionsGrossOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by new accounting pronouncement.,
        label: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis],
        terseLabel: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r468,
      r470,
      r506,
      r507
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: APIC
 Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Increase for Cost Recognition,
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used for) operating activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value of capitalized payments made in advance for inventory that is expected to be received within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Advances on Inventory Purchases,
        terseLabel: Prepaid commodity purchase contracts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470,
      r500,
      r505
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expense,
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation expense,
        verboseLabel: Share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r195
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allowance for credit loss from right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Allowance
 Credit Loss [Member],
        terseLabel: Allowances for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForCreditLossMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r250,
      r280
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of allowance for credit loss on financing receivable.,
        label: Financing Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of the activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts related to long-term receivables from Brazilian farmers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61,
      r257,
      r276
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current,
        terseLabel: Trade accounts receivable
 allowances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForLoanAndLeaseLossesForeignCurrencyTranslation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r254,
      r755
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) from converting allowance reserve for credit loss to currency of reporting entity from amount denominated or measured in a different currency
 which decreases (increases) the allowance for loan and lease losses.,
        label: Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses
 Foreign Currency Translation,
        terseLabel: Foreign currency translation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForLoanAndLeaseLossesForeignCurrencyTranslation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r62,
      r257,
      r276
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on financing receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Financing Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current,
        terseLabel: Allowance on secured advance to farmers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r310,
      r318
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.,
        label: Amortization of Intangible Assets,
        terseLabel: Aggregate amortization expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r212
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Antidilutive shares excluded from computation of EPS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r324
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.,
        label: Asset Impairment Charges,
        terseLabel: Impairment charges,
        verboseLabel: Pre-tax
 impairment charges
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetImpairmentCharges,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetImpairmentChargesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the details of the charge against earnings resulting from the aggregate write down of all assets from their carrying value to their fair value. Disclosure may also include a description of the impaired asset and facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 amount of the impairment loss and where the loss is located in the income statement
 method(s) for determining fair value
 and the segment in which the impaired asset is reported.,
        label: Asset Impairment Charges [Text Block],
        terseLabel: IMPAIRMENTS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetImpairmentChargesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/Impairments
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r743,
      r776
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets,
        terseLabel: Total assets,
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Assets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract],
        terseLabel: ASSETS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30,
      r32,
      r96
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets
 Current,
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets
 Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value portion of probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure,
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsFairValueDisclosure,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r2,
      r15,
      r17,
      r325,
      r331
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets
 Current,
        terseLabel: Assets held for sale,
        totalLabel: Assets held for sale
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r472,
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Award Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AwardTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).,
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis],
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r614,
      r620
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).,
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain],
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BankTimeDepositsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r764
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Certificates of deposit (CD) or savings accounts with a fixed term or understanding the customer can only withdraw by giving advanced notice with a bank or other financial institution. A CD is a short to medium-term investment available at banks and savings and loan institutions where a customer agrees to lend money to the institution for a certain amount of time and is paid a predetermined rate of interest.,
        label: Bank Time Deposits [Member],
        terseLabel: Certificate of deposits/time deposits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BankTimeDepositsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BuildingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r326
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including
 but not limited to
 office
 production
 storage and distribution facilities.,
        label: Building [Member],
        terseLabel: Buildings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BuildingMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the acquiree in a material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations)
 which may include the name or other type of identification of the acquiree.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Acquiree [Domain],
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition
 Acquiree [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r560,
      r561
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business combination or series of individually immaterial business combinations.,
        label: Business Acquisition [Axis],
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Business Acquisition [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r555
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of voting equity interests acquired at the acquisition date in the business combination.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired,
        terseLabel: Interest acquired (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Nonrecurring Adjustment [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Nonrecurring Adjustment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r559
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of the nature and amount of any material
 nonrecurring adjustments directly attributable to the business combination(s) included in the reported pro forma revenue and earnings (supplemental pro forma information).,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Nonrecurring Adjustments [Table],
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Nonrecurring Adjustments [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentsTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r557,
      r558
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of pro forma results of operations for a material business acquisition or series of individually immaterial business acquisitions that are material in the aggregate.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of pro forma information
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r576
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of goodwill arising from a business combination that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Goodwill
 Expected Tax Deductible Amount,
        terseLabel: Goodwill expected to be tax deductible
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeChangesInAccountingAndExtraordinaryItemsNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r557,
      r558
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of pro forma income from continuing operations as if the business combination had been completed at the beginning of a period.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
 Net of Tax,
        verboseLabel: Income (loss) from continuing operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeChangesInAccountingAndExtraordinaryItemsNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r557,
      r558
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The pro forma revenue for a period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of the period.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Revenue,
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r564
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Acquisition of Less than 100 Percent
 Noncontrolling Interest
 Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Fair value of noncontrolling interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r572,
      r573,
      r574
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.,
        label: Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred,
        terseLabel: Purchase price
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual: {
     auth_ref: [
      r556
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the amount of earnings or loss of the acquiree since the acquisition date included in the consolidated income statement for the reporting period.,
        label: Business Combination
 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date
 Actual,
        terseLabel: Income (loss) from continuing operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual: {
     auth_ref: [
      r556
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the amount of revenue of the acquiree since the acquisition date included in the consolidated income statement for the reporting period.,
        label: Business Combination
 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date
 Actual,
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsProFormaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsIncludingGoodwill,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Cash and Equivalents,
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsIncludingGoodwill,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets
 Other,
        terseLabel: Other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables: {
     auth_ref: [
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsIncludingGoodwill,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets
 Receivables,
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities
 Accounts Payable,
        negatedTerseLabel: Trade accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities
 Other,
        negatedTerseLabel: Other current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519,
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Deferred Tax Liabilities,
        negatedTerseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsIncludingGoodwill,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets
 Other than Goodwill,
        terseLabel: Other intangible assets,
        verboseLabel: Total Other intangible assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles: {
     auth_ref: [
      r562,
      r563
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of identifiable intangible assets recognized as of the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Finite-Lived Intangibles,
        terseLabel: Finite-lived intangibles assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r562,
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsIncludingGoodwill,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of inventory recognized as of the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Inventory,
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedLessNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Liabilities,
        negatedTotalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities,
        negatedTerseLabel: Other non-current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r562,
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsIncludingGoodwill,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedLessNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r563
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed
 less the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed
 Less Noncontrolling Interest,
        totalLabel: Net assets acquired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedLessNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Business Combinations [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CapitalAdditionsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual obligation to increase property
 plant and equipment either through construction or future purchases.,
        label: Capital Addition Purchase Commitments [Member],
        terseLabel: Construction in progress
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CapitalAdditionsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r663,
      r664
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measured as reported on the statement of financial position (balance sheet).,
        label: Reported Value Measurement [Member],
        terseLabel: Carrying Value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24,
      r66,
      r171
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value,
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36,
      r173,
      r176
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36,
      r173,
      r176,
      r740
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Entity's cash and cash equivalents accounting policy with respect to restricted balances.  Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Restricted Cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r164,
      r171,
      r175
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashReconciliationDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents,
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash - end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash - beginning of period,
        totalLabel: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r164,
      r672
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)
 Including Exchange Rate Effect,
        totalLabel: Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r644
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated net amount of existing gains or losses on cash flow hedges at the reporting date expected to be reclassified to earnings within the next 12 months.,
        label: Cash Flow Hedge Gain (Loss) to be Reclassified within Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: Amounts expected to be reclassified from AOCI to earnings in the next twelve months
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r610
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hedge of the exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset or liability
 or of a forecasted transaction
 that is attributable to a particular risk.,
        label: Cash Flow Hedging [Member],
        terseLabel: Cash Flow Hedges
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashFlowHedgingMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashFlowsBetweenTransfereeAndTransferorProceedsFromNewTransfers: {
     auth_ref: [
      r720
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash Flows between a transferor and a transferee attributable to newly transferred assets related to either a securitization
 asset-backed financing arrangement
 or similar transfer in which the transferor has continuing involvement with the transferred financial assets underlying the transaction (including
 but not limited to
 servicing
 recourse
 and restrictions on transferor's interests in the transferred financial assets).,
        label: Cash Flows Between Transferor and Transferee
 Proceeds from New Transfers,
        terseLabel: Proceeds received in cash related to transfer of receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashFlowsBetweenTransfereeAndTransferorProceedsFromNewTransfers,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r642
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 15.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the increase (decrease) in fair value of the hedged item in a fair value hedge recognized in the income statement.,
        label: Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Hedged Item in Fair Value Hedge,
        negatedLabel: Net unrealized (gain) loss on derivative contracts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 common stock
 redeemable preferred stock
 nonredeemable preferred stock
 and convertible stock.,
        label: Class of Stock [Domain],
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityShareRepurchaseProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Class of Stock [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfStockLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfTreasuryStockTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r392,
      r393,
      r394,
      r395
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about treasury stock
 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.,
        label: Class of Treasury Stock [Table],
        terseLabel: Class of Treasury Stock [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfTreasuryStockTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityShareRepurchaseProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CollateralizedDebtObligationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263,
      r429
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities collateralized by a pool of assets.,
        label: Collateralized Debt Obligations [Member],
        terseLabel: Collateralized debt obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CollateralizedDebtObligationsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommercialPaper: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42,
      r744,
      r778
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of short-term borrowings using unsecured obligations issued by banks
 corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.,
        label: Commercial Paper,
        terseLabel: Commercial paper
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommercialPaper,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommercialPaperMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r365
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unsecured promissory note (generally negotiable) that provides institutions with short-term funds.,
        label: Commercial Paper [Member],
        terseLabel: Commercial paper
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommercialPaperMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85,
      r349,
      r754,
      r784
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.,
        label: Commitments and Contingencies,
        terseLabel: Commitments and contingencies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348,
      r356
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.,
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommodityContractMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r630
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to commodity prices.,
        label: Commodity Contract [Member],
        terseLabel: Commodities,
        verboseLabel: Commodities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommodityContractMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.,
        label: Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Declared,
        terseLabel: Common stock dividends (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsParentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.,
        label: Common Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Common Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.,
        label: Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share,
        terseLabel: Common shares
 par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Common Stock
 Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Common shares
 authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.,
        label: Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued,
        terseLabel: Common shares
 issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53,
      r382
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Common shares
 outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Common Stock
 Value
 Issued,
        verboseLabel: Common shares
 par value $.01; authorized\u2014400
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding: 2019\u2014141
813
142 shares
 2018\u2014141
111
081 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Components of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Components of the Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities and the Related Valuation Allowances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118,
      r120,
      r121
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Attributable to Parent,
        totalLabel: Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Bunge
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118,
      r120,
      r583,
      r584,
      r597
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest,
        negatedLabel: Less: comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118,
      r120,
      r582,
      r597
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest,
        totalLabel: Total comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224,
      r225,
      r665,
      r666
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.,
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224,
      r225,
      r665,
      r666,
      r798
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.,
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224,
      r225,
      r665,
      r666,
      r798
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk
 for example
 but not limited to
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender.,
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224,
      r225,
      r665,
      r666
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.,
        label: Concentration Risk
 Percentage,
        terseLabel: Related party transactions (percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224,
      r225,
      r665,
      r666
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark
 identifies the type (for example
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender) of the concentration.,
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176,
      r587,
      r598,
      r599
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.,
        label: Consolidation
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.,
        label: Construction in Progress [Member],
        terseLabel: Construction in progress
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConstructionInProgressMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397,
      r398,
      r401
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Contract with Customer
 Liability
 Current,
        terseLabel: Advances on sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r464,
      r797
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt securities issued by domestic or foreign corporate business
 banks and other entities with a promise of repayment.,
        label: Corporate Debt Securities [Member],
        terseLabel: Corporate debt securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.,
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold,
        negatedLabel: Cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsTotalMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cost of product sold and service rendered
 when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.,
        label: Cost of Goods and Service Benchmark [Member],
        terseLabel: Cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfGoodsTotalMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing cost of sales.,
        label: Cost of Sales [Member],
        terseLabel: Cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfSalesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Axis],
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Domain],
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets
 resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.,
        label: Cumulative Effect of New Accounting Principle in Period of Adoption,
        terseLabel: Impact of new accounting standards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182,
      r544,
      r549
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: United States
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190,
      r546
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Foreign Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Non-United States
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182,
      r544,
      r549
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues
 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues
 segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.,
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member],
        terseLabel: Customer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r567
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer relationship that exists between an entity and its customer
 for example
 but not limited to
 tenant relationships.,
        label: Customer Relationships [Member],
        terseLabel: Customer Relationships
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerRelationshipsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44,
      r46,
      r47,
      r745,
      r747,
      r771
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument
 including
 but not limited to
 draws against credit facilities.,
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis],
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate,
        terseLabel: Basis spread on variable rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdConsecutiveTradingDays1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Threshold period of specified consecutive trading days within which common stock price to conversion price of convertible debt instrument must exceed threshold percentage for specified number of trading days to trigger conversion feature.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Threshold Consecutive Trading Days,
        terseLabel: The consecutive trading days which must occur to trigger the conversion of the notes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdConsecutiveTradingDays1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdTradingDays: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Threshold number of specified trading days that common stock price to conversion price of convertible debt instruments must exceed threshold percentage within a specified consecutive trading period to trigger conversion feature.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Threshold Trading Days,
        terseLabel: Number of trading days that share price is over a specified threshold to trigger conversion of the notes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdTradingDays,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r680,
      r682
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Face Amount,
        terseLabel: Aggregate principal amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentFaceAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage,
        terseLabel: Interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Debt,
        verboseLabel: Long-term debt obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings
 including draws against credit facilities.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument
 Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83,
      r188,
      r383,
      r386,
      r387,
      r388,
      r679,
      r680,
      r682,
      r767
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer.,
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnusedBorrowingCapacityAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unused borrowing capacity under the long-term financing arrangement that is available to the entity as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Unused Borrowing Capacity
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Debt instrument unused and available borrowing capacity amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentUnusedBorrowingCapacityAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.,
        label: Debt
 Long-term and Short-term
 Combined Amount,
        terseLabel: Long-term debt including current portion
 carrying value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesTradingRealizedGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of realized gain (loss) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in net income (trading).,
        label: Debt Securities
 Trading
 Realized Gain (Loss),
        verboseLabel: Net return from activities including fair value changes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtSecuritiesTradingRealizedGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182,
      r545,
      r549
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: United States
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71,
      r681
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.,
        label: Debt Issuance Costs
 Net,
        terseLabel: Deferred financing fees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182,
      r545,
      r549
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Foreign Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Non-United States
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r539
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred Income Tax Assets
 Net,
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r182,
      r545,
      r549
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Deferred:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49,
      r50,
      r535,
      r746,
      r770
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross,
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r520,
      r539
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
 Net,
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r170
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) and income tax credits.,
        label: Deferred Income Taxes and Tax Credits,
        terseLabel: Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r536
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Gross,
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r512,
      r542,
      r543
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Inventory,
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r539
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Net,
        totalLabel: Net deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r537
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Net of Valuation Allowance,
        totalLabel: Deferred tax assets
 net of valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Net [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Deferred income tax assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r510,
      r542,
      r543
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards,
        terseLabel: Net operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r541,
      r542,
      r543
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Credit Carryforwards,
        terseLabel: Tax credit carryforwards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r510,
      r542,
      r543
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from compensation and benefits costs.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits,
        terseLabel: Employee benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals: {
     auth_ref: [
      r511,
      r542,
      r543
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves and accruals.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r538
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance,
        negatedLabel: Less valuation allowances,
        terseLabel: Valuation allowances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Deferred income tax liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r511,
      r542,
      r543
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax consequences attributable to taxable temporary differences derived from inventory.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Inventory,
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r512,
      r542,
      r543
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from intangible assets other than goodwill.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Intangible Assets,
        terseLabel: Intangibles
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from investments (excludes investments in subsidiaries and equity method investments).,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Investments,
        terseLabel: Investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r512,
      r542,
      r543
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Property
 Plant and Equipment,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUndistributedForeignEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r542
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from undistributed earnings of subsidiary and other recognized entity not within country of domicile. Includes
 but is not limited to
 other basis differences.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Undistributed Foreign Earnings,
        terseLabel: Undistributed earnings of affiliates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUndistributedForeignEarnings,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r431
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered
 excluding assumptions about future compensation level.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation,
        terseLabel: Accumulated benefit obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligationIncreaseDecreaseForPlanAmendment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in accumulated benefit obligation from change in existing term of defined benefit plan or initiation of new defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation
 Increase (Decrease) for Plan Amendment,
        terseLabel: Increase in benefit obligation for plan amendment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligationIncreaseDecreaseForPlanAmendment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113,
      r442
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 after Tax,
        negatedLabel: Unrecognized actuarial gain (loss)
 net of tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113,
      r442
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Gain (Loss)
 before Tax,
        negatedLabel: Unrecognized actuarial loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113,
      r442
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for cost (credit) of benefit change attributable to participants' prior service from plan amendment or plan initiation of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 after Tax,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized prior service loss
 net of tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113,
      r442
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for cost (credit) of benefit change attributable to participants' prior service from plan amendment or plan initiation of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 before Tax,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized prior service loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r420,
      r464
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions
 benefit payments
 and other expenses.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Increase (Decrease) for Actual Return (Loss),
        terseLabel: Actual return on plan assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from substantive plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 Actuarial Gain (Loss),
        negatedLabel: Actuarial (gain) loss
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAdministrationExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of administration expense of defined benefit plan which decreases plan assets. Excludes plan administration expense paid by employer.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Administration Expense,
        negatedLabel: Expenses paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAdministrationExpenses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438,
      r460,
      r464
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Amortization of Gain (Loss),
        negatedTerseLabel: Amortization of net loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r439,
      r461,
      r464
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of prior service cost (credit) recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit),
        terseLabel: Amortization of prior service cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r407,
      r427
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset (liability)
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts for Asset (Liability) Recognized in Statement of Financial Position,
        terseLabel: Net (liability) asset recognized in the balance sheet,
        totalLabel: Net liability recognized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts for Asset (Liability) Recognized in Statement of Financial Position [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Amounts recognized in the balance sheet consist of:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41,
      r407,
      r408,
      r427,
      r742,
      r775
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for overfunded defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.,
        label: Assets for Plan Benefits
 Defined Benefit Plan,
        verboseLabel: Non-current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsTransferredToFromPlan: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from assets transferred into (from) plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Increase (Decrease) for Assets Transferred to (from) Plan,
        terseLabel: Net transfers in (out)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsTransferredToFromPlan,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r443
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate,
        terseLabel: Discount rate (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r444
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate increase of compensation
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase,
        terseLabel: Increase in future compensation levels (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r443
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Discount Rate,
        terseLabel: Discount rate (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r445
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Expected Long-term Rate of Return on Plan Assets,
        terseLabel: Expected long-term rate of return on assets (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r444
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Rate of Compensation Increase,
        terseLabel: Increase in future compensation levels (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation,
        periodEndLabel: Benefit obligation at the end of year,
        periodStartLabel: Benefit obligation at the beginning of year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416,
      r465
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 Benefits Paid,
        negatedLabel: Benefits paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationContributionsByPlanParticipant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contributions received by defined benefit plan from participant which increase benefit obligation.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 Contributions by Plan Participant,
        terseLabel: Employee contributions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationContributionsByPlanParticipant,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r418
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from business combination.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 Business Combination,
        terseLabel: Increase in benefit obligation from acquisition
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r425
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in plan assets of defined benefit plan from business combination.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Business Combination,
        verboseLabel: Effect of plan combinations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r430,
      r448,
      r464
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by defined benefit plan asset investment.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Category [Axis],
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Category [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCashMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r430,
      r464
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash in which defined benefit plan asset is invested.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Cash [Member],
        terseLabel: Cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanCashMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Change in benefit obligations:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Change in plan assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer: {
     auth_ref: [
      r422,
      r429,
      r430,
      r463,
      r464
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contribution received by defined benefit plan from employer which increases plan assets.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Contributions by Employer,
        verboseLabel: Employer contributions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r411
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of (increase) decrease in benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from event reducing expected years of future service of present employees or eliminating accrual of benefits for some or all future services of present employees.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 (Increase) Decrease for Curtailment,
        negatedLabel: Plan curtailments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items],
        verboseLabel: Employee Benefit Plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Effect of One-Percentage Point Change in Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rate [Abstract],
        terseLabel: One-Percentage-Point Change in Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in accumulated postretirement benefit obligation from one-percentage-point decrease in assumed health care cost trend rate.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Effect of One Percentage Point Decrease on Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation,
        negatedLabel: Effect of a One-percentage point decrease to postretirement benefit obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost from one-percentage-point decrease in assumed health care cost trend rate.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Effect of One Percentage Point Decrease on Service and Interest Cost Components,
        negatedTerseLabel: Effect of a One-percentage point decrease to total service and interest cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in accumulated postretirement benefit obligation from one-percentage-point increase in assumed health care cost trend rate.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Effect of One Percentage Point Increase on Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation,
        terseLabel: Effect of a One-percentage point increase to postretirement benefit obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost from one-percentage-point increase in assumed health care cost trend rate.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Effect of One Percentage Point Increase on Service and Interest Cost Components,
        terseLabel: Effect of a One-percentage point increase to total service and interest cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r464
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Security representing ownership in corporation or other legal entity for which ownership is represented by share of stock
 in which defined benefit plan asset is invested. Includes
 but is not limited to
 common stock
 preferred stock
 convertible security
 stock right and stock warrant.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member],
        terseLabel: Equities Mutual funds
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payment [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Estimated Future Benefit Payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r432
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in five fiscal years after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payment
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter,
        terseLabel: 2025 and onwards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r432
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payment
 Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r432
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payment
 Year Five,
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r432
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payment
 Year Four,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r432
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payment
 Year Three,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r432
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payment
 Year Two,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r433
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contributions expected to be received by defined benefit plan from employer in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Employer Contributions
 Next Fiscal Year,
        terseLabel: Estimated contribution by employer
 next fiscal year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437,
      r459,
      r464
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit
 calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Return (Loss) on Plan Assets,
        negatedLabel: Expected return on plan assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r419,
      r429,
      r430,
      r464
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Amount,
        periodEndLabel: Fair value of plan assets at the end of year,
        periodStartLabel: Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of year,
        terseLabel: Fair value of plan assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r415
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 Foreign Currency Translation Gain (Loss),
        terseLabel: Impact of foreign exchange rates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan: {
     auth_ref: [
      r407,
      r427
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan
 measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 overfunded (underfunded) status.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Funded (Unfunded) Status of Plan,
        totalLabel: Plan assets (less than) in excess of benefit obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Funded (Unfunded) Status of Plan [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Funded (unfunded) status and net amounts recognized:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Assumed rate
 for next fiscal year
 based on annual change in cost of health care cost benefits used to measure expected cost of benefits covered by defined benefit postretirement plan. Factors include
 but are not limited to
 estimate of health care inflation
 change in health care utilization or delivery pattern
 technological advances
 and change in health status of participant. Excludes factors for change in composition of plan population by age and dependency status.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed
 Next Fiscal Year,
        terseLabel: Annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits assumed (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Information about Plan Assets [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Target Asset Allocation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r412,
      r436,
      r458,
      r464
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost recognized for passage of time related to defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Interest Cost,
        terseLabel: Interest cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434,
      r456,
      r464
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of net periodic benefit cost (credit) for defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit),
        totalLabel: Net periodic benefit costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Net Periodic Benefit Costs:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlanWithProjectedBenefitObligationInExcessOfPlanAssetsPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r452
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of plan asset for defined benefit pension plan with projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Pension Plan with Projected Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets
 Plan Assets,
        terseLabel: Fair value of plan assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlanWithProjectedBenefitObligationInExcessOfPlanAssetsPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlanWithProjectedBenefitObligationInExcessOfPlanAssetsProjectedBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r452
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of projected benefit obligation for defined benefit pension plan with projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Pension Plan with Projected Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets
 Projected Benefit Obligation,
        terseLabel: Projected benefit obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlanWithProjectedBenefitObligationInExcessOfPlanAssetsProjectedBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Information Relating to Aggregated Defined Benefit Pension Plans with an Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r452,
      r453,
      r464
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated benefit obligation for defined benefit plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation,
        terseLabel: Accumulated benefit obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r452,
      r453,
      r464
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of plan asset for defined benefit plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets
 Plan Assets,
        terseLabel: Fair value of plan assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r452,
      r464
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of projected benefit obligation for defined benefit pension plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Pension Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets
 Projected Benefit Obligation,
        terseLabel: Projected benefit obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r417
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from change in terms of existing plan or initiation of new plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 Increase (Decrease) for Plan Amendment,
        terseLabel: Plan amendments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r424,
      r465
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payment to participant under defined benefit plan which decreases plan assets. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Benefits Paid,
        negatedLabel: Benefits paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsContributionsByPlanParticipant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r423
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contributions received by defined benefit plan from participant which increases plan assets.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Contributions by Plan Participant,
        terseLabel: Employee contributions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsContributionsByPlanParticipant,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r421
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) which increases (decreases) plan assets of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Foreign Currency Translation Gain (Loss),
        terseLabel: Impact of foreign exchange rates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r428,
      r464
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation
 Percentage,
        terseLabel: Target asset allocation (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlansWithBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Pension Plan with Project Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Defined Benefit Pension Plans with Projected Benefit Obligations in Excess of Fair Value of Plan Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlansWithBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r440,
      r462
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit from event reducing expected years of future service of present employees or eliminating accrual of defined benefits for some or all future services of present employees.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)
 Gain (Loss) Due to Curtailment,
        negatedTerseLabel: Curtailment (gain) loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r440,
      r462
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit from irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk related to obligation and assets used to effect settlement.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)
 Gain (Loss) Due to Settlement,
        negatedLabel: Settlement loss recognized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r410,
      r435,
      r457,
      r464
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Service Cost,
        terseLabel: Service cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r411
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of (increase) decrease to benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk for obligation and assets used to effect settlement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 lump-sum cash payment to participant in exchange for right to receive specified benefits
 purchase of nonparticipating annuity contract and change from remeasurement.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 (Increase) Decrease for Settlement,
        negatedLabel: Plan settlements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r426
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payment
 which decreases plan assets of defined benefit plan
 for irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk for obligation and assets used to effect settlement. Transaction constituting settlement includes
 but is not limited to
 making lump-sum cash payment to participant in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contract.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Payment for Settlement,
        negatedLabel: Plan settlements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialTerminationBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r411
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in benefit obligation for benefits provided to employees payable from defined benefit plan or payable upon retirement.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 Special and Contractual Termination Benefits,
        terseLabel: Special termination benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialTerminationBenefits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ultimate trend rate for health care cost for defined benefit postretirement plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Ultimate Health Care Cost Trend Rate,
        terseLabel: Decreased annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered healthcare by 2038 and thereafter (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted Average Assumptions Used in Calculating Benefit Obligation [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Assumptions to Determine Benefit Obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted Average Assumptions Used in Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Assumptions to Determine the Net Periodic Benefit Cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r466
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for defined contribution plan.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Employee defined contribution plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r234
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.,
        label: Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization,
        negatedTerseLabel: Depreciation
 depletion and amortization,
        terseLabel: Depreciation
 depletion and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerecognizedAssetsSecuritizedOrAssetbackedFinancingArrangementAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherPrincipalAmountOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r721
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transferred financial assets in which the transferor has continuing involvement with the assets underlying the transaction that have been derecognized. Continuing involvement includes
 but is not limited to
 servicing
 recourse
 and restrictions on transferor's interests in transferred financial assets.,
        label: Continuing Involvement with Derecognized Transferred Financial Assets
 Amount Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Receivables sold which were derecognized from Bunge's balance sheet
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerecognizedAssetsSecuritizedOrAssetbackedFinancingArrangementAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherPrincipalAmountOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeAmountOfHedgedItem: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of hedged item in hedging relationship. Excludes hedged asset or liability.,
        label: Derivative
 Amount of Hedged Item,
        terseLabel: Carrying value of hedged debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeAmountOfHedgedItem,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97,
      r99,
      r618
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of liability associated with financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.,
        label: Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability,
        terseLabel: Unrealized loss on derivative contracts,
        verboseLabel: Unrealized losses on derivative contracts at fair value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeContractTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Financial instrument or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.,
        label: Derivative Contract [Domain],
        terseLabel: Derivative Contract [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeContractTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r616
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the fair value of derivatives recognized in the income statement.,
        label: Derivative
 Gain (Loss) on Derivative
 Net,
        verboseLabel: Cumulative adjustment to long-term debt from application of hedge accounting
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r615,
      r619,
      r625,
      r632
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of derivative contract.,
        label: Derivative Instrument [Axis],
        terseLabel: Derivative Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeStructuredFinanceProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r645
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.,
        label: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivities
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r612,
      r615,
      r625
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of hedging relationship.,
        label: Hedging Relationship [Axis],
        terseLabel: Hedging Relationship [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipByIncomeStatementLocationByDerivativeInstrumentRiskTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r612,
      r615,
      r625,
      r632,
      r633,
      r640,
      r643
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.,
        label: Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Table],
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipByIncomeStatementLocationByDerivativeInstrumentRiskTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r624,
      r626
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of realized and unrealized gain (loss) of derivative instruments not designated or qualifying as hedging instruments.,
        label: Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Gain (Loss)
 Net,
        terseLabel: Gain (loss) on economic hedges
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97,
      r99,
      r618
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of asset associated with financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.,
        label: Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset,
        terseLabel: Unrealized gain on derivative contracts,
        verboseLabel: Unrealized gains on derivative contracts
 at fair value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Derivative [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Derivative
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmountEnergyMeasure: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nominal energy measure used to calculate payments on a derivative instrument.,
        label: Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount
 Energy Measure,
        verboseLabel: Nonmonetary notional amount of derivatives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmountEnergyMeasure,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: energyItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmountMass: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nominal mass used to calculate payments on a derivative instrument.,
        label: Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount
 Mass,
        verboseLabel: Nonmonetary notional amount of derivatives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmountMass,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: massItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeNotionalAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r606,
      r608
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nominal or face amount used to calculate payment on derivative.,
        label: Derivative
 Notional Amount,
        verboseLabel: Notional amount of derivative
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeNotionalAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativeTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r191,
      r605,
      r607,
      r608,
      r612,
      r613,
      r621,
      r625,
      r637,
      r639,
      r643
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule that describes and identifies a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis
 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.,
        label: Derivative [Table],
        terseLabel: Derivative [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativeTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176,
      r192,
      r605,
      r607,
      r612,
      r613,
      r638
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for its derivative instruments and hedging activities.,
        label: Derivatives
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DerivativesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r612
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument designated as hedging instrument under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).,
        label: Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member],
        terseLabel: Hedge accounting
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r400
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.,
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of net sales to external customers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r508
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Text Block],
        terseLabel: SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensation
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9,
      r22,
      r176,
      r213
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.,
        label: Discontinued Operations
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Discontinued Operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by disposal group classification.,
        label: Disposal Group Classification [Axis],
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Classification [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupClassificationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component or group of components disposed of
 including but not limited to
 disposal group held-for-sale or disposed of by sale
 disposed of by means other than sale
 and discontinued operations.,
        label: Disposal Group Classification [Domain],
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Classification [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupClassificationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17,
      r323,
      r333
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal group that is classified as held-for-sale. Excludes disposals classified as discontinued operations.,
        label: Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations [Member],
        terseLabel: Held-for-sale
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationIntangibleAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r2,
      r15,
      r325,
      r331
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Intangible Assets
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other intangible assets
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationIntangibleAssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventoryCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r2,
      r15,
      r325,
      r331
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as inventory attributable to disposal group
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Inventory
 Current,
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventoryCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherCurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r2,
      r15,
      r325,
      r331
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as other liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Other Liabilities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherCurrentLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r2,
      r15,
      r325,
      r331
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Current,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of disposal group.,
        label: Disposal Group Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash.,
        label: Dividends
 Common Stock
 Cash,
        negatedLabel: Dividends on common shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DividendsCommonStockCash,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389,
      r766
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash.,
        label: Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash,
        negatedLabel: Dividends on preference shares,
        terseLabel: Dividends on preference shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DividendsPreferredStockCash,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DueFromAffiliateNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37,
      r183,
      r705,
      r707,
      r709,
      r713,
      r741,
      r772,
      r800
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of receivables due from an entity that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership
 due after 1 year (or 1 business cycle).,
        label: Due from Affiliate
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Affiliate loans receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DueFromAffiliateNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132,
      r199,
      r205,
      r209,
      r210,
      r211,
      r214,
      r761,
      r789
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Basic,
        totalLabel: Net income (loss) to Bunge common shareholders (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Basic [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Basic earnings (loss) per common share:,
        verboseLabel: Earnings (loss) per common share-basic
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132,
      r199,
      r205,
      r209,
      r210,
      r211,
      r214,
      r761,
      r789
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Diluted,
        totalLabel: Net income (loss) to Bunge common shareholders (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Diluted [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Diluted earnings (loss) per common share:,
        verboseLabel: Earnings (loss) per common share-diluted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.,
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block],
        terseLabel: EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShare
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r672
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies. Excludes amounts for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents,
        terseLabel: Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r522,
      r548
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Income tax rate (as percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017Amount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Transition tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017Amount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017TransitionTaxOnAccumulatedForeignEarningsAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 14.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) from transition tax on accumulated earnings of controlled foreign corporation deemed repatriated pursuant to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 Transition Tax on Accumulated Foreign Earnings
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Incremental tax on future distributions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017TransitionTaxOnAccumulatedForeignEarningsAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r501
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost not yet recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Total unrecognized compensation related to non-vested awards (in dollars)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r501
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition,
        terseLabel: Period of recognition of total unrecognized compensation related to non-vested shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Termination of an employee associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a plan.,
        label: Employee Severance [Member],
        terseLabel: Severance and Other Employee Benefit Costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeSeveranceMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Revenue from External Customer [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityShareRepurchaseProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r382
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common
 preferred
 treasury stock
 retained earnings
 etc.,
        label: Equity Component [Domain],
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityComponentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Difference between amount at which an investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting is carried (reported) on the balance sheet and amount of underlying equity in net assets the reporting Entity has in the investee.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Difference Between Carrying Amount and Underlying Equity,
        negatedTerseLabel: Aggregate of all basis differences
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r266
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item represents an other than temporary decline in value that has been recognized against an investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the investment represents the amount of the write down which is or was reflected in earnings. The written down value is a new cost basis with the adjusted value of the investment becoming its new carrying value subject to the equity accounting method. Evidence of a loss in value might include
 but would not necessarily be limited to
 absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Other than Temporary Impairment,
        verboseLabel: Impairment of investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The percentage of ownership of common stock or equity participation in the investee accounted for under the equity method of accounting.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage,
        terseLabel: Ownership interest (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r179,
      r267,
      r272,
      r667
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of assets reported by an equity method investment of the entity.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Assets,
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Assets [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r179,
      r267,
      r272,
      r667
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of current assets reported by an equity method investment of the entity.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Current Assets,
        terseLabel: Current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r179,
      r267,
      r272,
      r667
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of current liabilities reported by an equity method investment of the entity.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Current Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationGrossProfitLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r179,
      r267,
      r272
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of gross profit (loss) reported by an equity method investment of the entity.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Gross Profit (Loss),
        terseLabel: Gross Profit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationGrossProfitLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Income Statement [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r179,
      r267,
      r272,
      r667
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of liabilities reported by an equity method investment of the entity.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Liabilities,
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r179,
      r267,
      r272,
      r667
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) reported by an equity method investment of the entity.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Net Income (Loss),
        terseLabel: Net income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r179,
      r267,
      r272,
      r667
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of noncurrent assets reported by an equity method investment of the entity.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Noncurrent Assets,
        terseLabel: Noncurrent assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r179,
      r267,
      r272,
      r667
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of noncurrent liabilities reported by an equity method investment of the entity.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Noncurrent Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Noncurrent liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r272
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of revenue from sale of product and rendering of service reported by equity method investee.,
        label: Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Revenue,
        terseLabel: Net Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesSummarizedFinancialInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274,
      r600
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for equity method investments and joint ventures. Equity method investments are investments that give the investor the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of an investee. Joint ventures are entities owned and operated by a small group of businesses as a separate and specific business or project for the mutual benefit of the members of the group.,
        label: Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliates
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67,
      r163,
      r176,
      r269,
      r667
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for equity method of accounting for investments and other interests. Investment includes
 but is not limited to
 unconsolidated subsidiary
 corporate joint venture
 noncontrolling interest in real estate venture
 limited partnership
 and limited liability company. Information includes
 but is not limited to
 ownership percentage
 reason equity method is or is not considered appropriate
 and accounting policy election for distribution received.,
        label: Equity Method Investments [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Investments in Affiliates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of equity method investments including
 but not limited to
 name of each investee or group of investments
 percentage ownership
 difference between recorded amount of an investment and the value of the underlying equity in the net assets
 and summarized financial information.,
        label: Equity Method Investments [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summarized Information of Equity Method Investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38,
      r45,
      r264,
      r750,
      r774,
      r806
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ownership interest or right to acquire or dispose of ownership interest in corporations and other legal entities for which ownership interest is represented by shares of common or preferred stock
 convertible securities
 stock rights
 or stock warrants.,
        label: Equity Securities [Member],
        terseLabel: Equity securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquitySecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r662
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measured as an estimate of fair value.,
        label: Estimate of Fair Value Measurement [Member],
        terseLabel: Fair value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items],
        verboseLabel: Fair Value Measurements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646,
      r647,
      r648,
      r658
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about asset and liability measured at fair value on recurring and nonrecurring basis.,
        label: Fair Value
 Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table],
        terseLabel: Fair Value
 Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r655
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrealized gain (loss) recognized in income from asset measured at fair value on recurring basis using unobservable input (level 3) and still held.,
        label: Fair Value
 Asset
 Recurring Basis
 Still Held
 Unrealized Gain (Loss),
        terseLabel: Changes in unrealized gains (losses) relating to Level 3 assets and liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646,
      r647
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).,
        label: Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Fair values of defined pension plan assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationByAssetClassDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r651
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Class of asset.,
        label: Asset Class [Domain],
        terseLabel: Asset Class [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationByAssetClassDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Readily Marketable Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r651,
      r658
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the fair value measurement of assets using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
 a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases
 sales
 issues
 and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example
 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs)
 by class of asset.,
        label: Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646,
      r658
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by class of asset.,
        label: Asset Class [Axis],
        terseLabel: Asset Class [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByAssetClassAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646,
      r663
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments
 including financial assets and financial liabilities
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities.,
        label: Fair Value
 by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of carrying amounts and fair values of long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r430,
      r464,
      r647,
      r716
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by level within fair value hierarchy and fair value measured at net asset value per share as practical expedient.,
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646,
      r659
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by measurement basis.,
        label: Measurement Basis [Axis],
        terseLabel: Measurement Basis [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646,
      r647,
      r649,
      r650,
      r660
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by measurement frequency.,
        label: Measurement Frequency [Axis],
        terseLabel: Measurement Frequency [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosureItemAmountsDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement basis
 for example
 but not limited to
 reported value
 fair value
 portion at fair value
 portion at other than fair value.,
        label: Fair Value Measurement [Domain],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurement [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueDisclosureItemAmountsDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r656
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.,
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Text Block],
        terseLabel: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurements
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r609
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability
 or of an unrecognized firm commitment
 that are attributable to a particular risk.,
        label: Fair Value Hedging [Member],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hedging
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueHedgingMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r430,
      r464,
      r647,
      r717
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date.,
        label: Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member],
        terseLabel: Level 1
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel1Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r430,
      r464,
      r647,
      r718
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for an asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 including
 but not limited to
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets.,
        label: Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member],
        terseLabel: Level 2
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel2Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r430,
      r464,
      r647,
      r719
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member],
        terseLabel: Level 3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel3Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r651,
      r658
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the fair value measurement of liabilities using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
 a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets)
 and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases
 sales
 issues
 and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example
 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs) by class of liability.,
        label: Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementFrequencyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement frequency.,
        label: Measurement Frequency [Domain],
        terseLabel: Measurement Frequency [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementFrequencyDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.,
        label: Fair Value Measurement
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetGainLossIncludedInEarnings1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r652
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesGainLossIncludedInEarnings,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income from asset measured at fair value on recurring basis using unobservable input (level 3).,
        label: Fair Value
 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Gain (Loss) Included in Earnings,
        terseLabel: Total gains and losses (realized/unrealized) included in cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetGainLossIncludedInEarnings1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetIssues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r653
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesIssuances,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of issuances of financial instrument classified as an asset measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Issuances,
        terseLabel: Issuances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetIssues,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetPurchases: {
     auth_ref: [
      r653
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationPurchases,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of purchases of financial instrument classified as an asset measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Purchases,
        terseLabel: Purchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetPurchases,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetSales: {
     auth_ref: [
      r653
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of sale of financial instrument classified as an asset measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Sales,
        negatedLabel: Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetSales,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetSettlements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r653
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesSettlements,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of settlement of financial instrument classified as an asset measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Settlements,
        terseLabel: Settlements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetSettlements,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetTransfersIntoLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [
      r654
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersIntoLevel3,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfer of financial instrument classified as an asset into level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.,
        label: Fair Value
 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset Transfers Into Level 3,
        terseLabel: Transfers into Level 3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetTransfersIntoLevel3,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetTransfersOutOfLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [
      r654
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersOutOfLevel3,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfers of financial instrument classified as an asset out of level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.,
        label: Fair Value
 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Transfers out of Level 3,
        negatedTerseLabel: Transfers out of Level 3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetTransfersOutOfLevel3,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r651
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetsNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of financial instrument classified as an asset measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset Value,
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Categories used to prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques to measure fair value.,
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r656,
      r660
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Frequent fair value measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 fair value adjustment for impairment of asset
 liability or equity
 frequently measured at fair value.,
        label: Fair Value
 Recurring [Member],
        terseLabel: Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Derivatives
 Net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r651,
      r657
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about financial instrument classified as a derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset) using recurring unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Table],
        terseLabel: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationGainLossIncludedInEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r652,
      r657
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesGainLossIncludedInEarnings,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income from derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured at fair value on recurring basis using unobservable input (level 3).,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Gain (Loss) Included in Earnings,
        terseLabel: Total gains and losses (realized/unrealized) included in cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationGainLossIncludedInEarnings,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationIssues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r653,
      r657
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesIssuances,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of issuances of financial instrument classified as a derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Issues,
        terseLabel: Issuances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationIssues,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationPurchases: {
     auth_ref: [
      r653,
      r657
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationPurchases,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of purchases of financial instrument classified as a derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Purchases,
        terseLabel: Purchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationPurchases,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales: {
     auth_ref: [
      r653,
      r657
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of sales of financial instrument classified as a derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Sales,
        negatedLabel: Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSales,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSettlements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r653,
      r657
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationNetDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesSettlements,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of settlements of financial instrument classified as a derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Settlements,
        negatedTerseLabel: Settlements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationSettlements,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersIntoLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [
      r654,
      r657
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersIntoLevel3,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfers of financial instrument classified as a derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset) into level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Transfers into Level 3,
        terseLabel: Transfers into Level 3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersIntoLevel3,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersOutOfLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [
      r654,
      r657
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersOutOfLevel3,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfers of financial instrument classified as derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset) out of level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Transfers out of Level 3,
        negatedLabel: Transfers out of Level 3
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersOutOfLevel3,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646,
      r657
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_FairValueAssetsNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of financial instrument classified as derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.,
        label: Fair Value
 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis with Unobservable Inputs,
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277,
      r280,
      r281,
      r282,
      r283,
      r287,
      r288,
      r289,
      r290
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of financial instrument.,
        label: Financial Instrument [Axis],
        terseLabel: Financial Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancialInstrumentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of financial obligations
 including
 but not limited to
 debt instruments
 derivative liabilities
 federal funds purchased and sold under agreements to repurchase
 securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
 financial instruments sold not yet purchased
 guarantees
 line of credit
 loans and notes payable
 servicing liability
 and trading liabilities.,
        label: Financial Liabilities Fair Value Disclosure,
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Financing Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Related to Long Term Receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs: {
     auth_ref: [
      r249,
      r279,
      r285,
      r751
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of writeoff of financing receivable
 charged against allowance for credit loss.,
        label: Financing Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss
 Writeoff,
        negatedLabel: Write-offs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinancingReceivablePortfolioSegmentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277,
      r280,
      r284
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine its allowance for credit losses.,
        label: Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Axis],
        terseLabel: Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancingReceivablePortfolioSegmentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinancingReceivablePortfolioSegmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine its allowance for credit losses.,
        label: Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Domain],
        terseLabel: Class of Financing Receivable [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancingReceivablePortfolioSegmentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281,
      r286
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableRecordedInvestment,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of financing receivable not past due.,
        label: Financing Receivable
 Not Past Due,
        terseLabel: Other long-term receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination.,
        label: Finite-Lived and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Acquired as Part of Business Combination [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of intangible assets acquired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Accumulated Amortization,
        negatedLabel: Accumulated amortization:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Next Twelve Months,
        verboseLabel: Estimated future aggregate amortization expense
 year one
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Five,
        terseLabel: Estimated future aggregate amortization expense
 year five
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Four,
        terseLabel: Estimated future aggregate amortization expense
 year four
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Three,
        terseLabel: Estimated future aggregate amortization expense
 year three
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Two,
        terseLabel: Estimated future aggregate amortization expense
 year two
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r311,
      r314,
      r317,
      r320,
      r726
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by major type or class of finite-lived intangible assets.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis],
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317,
      r726
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Gross carrying amount:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r311,
      r316
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of finite-lived intangible asset (for example
 patents
 trademarks
 copyrights
 etc.) A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar
 either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Major Class Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net,
        totalLabel: Other intangible assets
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets
 lacking physical substance with a definite life
 from an acquisition.,
        label: Finite-lived Intangible Assets Acquired,
        terseLabel: Finite-lived intangible assets acquired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Investment that pools funds from investors to invest in a combination of underlying investments
 primarily fixed income investments.,
        label: Fixed Income Funds [Member],
        terseLabel: Fixed income securities Mutual Funds
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FixedIncomeFundsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyCashFlowHedgeGainLossReclassifiedToEarningsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r623
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net gains or losses on foreign currency cash flow hedges reclassified during the period to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income upon the hedged transaction affecting earnings.,
        label: Foreign Currency Cash Flow Hedge Gain (Loss) Reclassified to Earnings
 Net,
        terseLabel: Cash flow hedge of foreign currency risk
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignCurrencyCashFlowHedgeGainLossReclassifiedToEarningsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyGainLossMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r631
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing foreign currency gain (loss).,
        label: Foreign Currency Gain (Loss) [Member],
        terseLabel: Foreign exchange gains (losses)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignCurrencyGainLossMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r669,
      r670,
      r671
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of foreign currency transaction realized and unrealized gain (loss) recognized in the income statement.,
        label: Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss)
 before Tax,
        terseLabel: Foreign exchange gains (losses)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossUnrealized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r170,
      r669,
      r670,
      r671
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of foreign currency transaction unrealized gain (loss) recognized in the income statement.,
        label: Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss)
 Unrealized,
        negatedLabel: Foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossUnrealized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176,
      r671,
      r676
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.,
        label: Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Translation of Foreign Currency Financial Statements and Foreign Currency Transactions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r629
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to foreign exchange rates.,
        label: Foreign Exchange Contract [Member],
        terseLabel: Foreign exchange,
        verboseLabel: Foreign currency
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignExchangeContractMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForeignExchangeForwardMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Foreign exchange forward traded on an exchange (examples include but are not limited to the International Securities Exchange
 Philadelphia Stock Exchange
 or the Chicago Mercantile Exchange) for options or future contracts to buy or sell a certain currency
 at a specified date
 at a fixed exercise exchange rate.,
        label: Foreign Exchange Forward [Member],
        terseLabel: Forward Rate Agreements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignExchangeForwardMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r797
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt security issued by government not domiciled in United States of America (US).,
        label: Debt Security
 Government
 Non-US [Member],
        terseLabel: Foreign government securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForwardContractsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r627
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contracts negotiated between two parties to purchase and sell a specific quantity of a financial instrument
 foreign currency
 or commodity at a price specified at origination of the contract
 with delivery and settlement at a specified future date.,
        label: Forward Contracts [Member],
        terseLabel: Forwards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForwardContractsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FutureMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r627
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Futures contracts are forward-based contracts to make or take delivery of a specified financial instrument
 foreign currency
 or commodity at a specified future date or during a specified period at as specified price or yield. Futures are standardized contracts traded on an organized exchange.,
        label: Future [Member],
        terseLabel: Futures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FutureMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsHeldForTradingPurposesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r604,
      r635
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate net gain and losses (whether realized or unrealized) on all derivative instruments held for trading purposes whether or not settled physically.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments Held for Trading Purposes
 Net,
        terseLabel: Gain (loss) on hedge accounting
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsHeldForTradingPurposesNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r615
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate net gain (loss) on all derivative instruments recognized in earnings during the period
 before tax effects.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments
 Net
 Pretax,
        totalLabel: Gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of assets
 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Assets,
        terseLabel: Gain (loss) on sale or disposal of long-lived assets and other investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r594
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) from sale and disposal of integrated set of activities and assets capable of being conducted and managed for purpose of providing return in form of dividend
 lower cost
 or other economic benefit to investor
 owner
 member and participant.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Business,
        terseLabel: Gain on disposition of subsidiary
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfEquityInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the carrying value and the sale price of equity securities
 not separately or otherwise categorized as trading or available-for-sale. This element includes investments in which the entity holds a small ownership stake (generally
 less than 20% of the shares outstanding) and cannot exert significant influence.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Sale of Equity Investments,
        negatedTerseLabel: Loss on sale of equity method investment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfEquityInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of other assets.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Other Assets,
        negatedTerseLabel: (Gain) loss on sale of investments and property
 plant
 and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfStockInSubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvestee: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135,
      r136,
      r169,
      r757,
      r790
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Stock in Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee,
        negatedLabel: (Gain) loss
 net on disposal of affiliate investments and subsidiaries
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfStockInSubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvestee,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) from the difference between the sale price or salvage price and the book value of an asset that was sold or retired
 and gain (loss) from the write down of assets from their carrying value to fair value.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets and Asset Impairment Charges,
        negatedLabel: Charges incurred on sale or disposal of long-lived assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Geographic Areas
 Long-Lived Assets [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Long-lived Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Goodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r297,
      r299
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: bg_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsIncludingGoodwill,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.,
        label: Goodwill,
        periodEndLabel: Goodwill at end of year,
        periodStartLabel: Goodwill at end of year,
        terseLabel: Goodwill,
        verboseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Goodwill,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r301
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized resulting from a business combination.,
        label: Goodwill
 Acquired During Period,
        terseLabel: Goodwill acquired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176,
      r305
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.,
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Goodwill
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r308
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for goodwill.,
        label: Goodwill Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: GOODWILL
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/Goodwill
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r303
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) which increases (decreases) an asset representing future economic benefits from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.,
        label: Goodwill
 Foreign Currency Translation Gain (Loss),
        terseLabel: Foreign currency translation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r300,
      r304
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Goodwill,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.,
        label: Goodwill
 Gross,
        periodEndLabel: Goodwill
 gross of impairments,
        periodStartLabel: Goodwill
 gross at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r300,
      r304
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Goodwill,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated impairment loss for an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.,
        label: Goodwill
 Impaired
 Accumulated Impairment Loss,
        negatedPeriodEndLabel: Accumulated impairment losses,
        negatedPeriodStartLabel: Accumulated impairment losses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r298,
      r302,
      r306
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from the write-down of an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.,
        label: Goodwill
 Impairment Loss,
        negatedLabel: Goodwill impairment,
        terseLabel: Goodwill impairment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillImpairmentLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Goodwill [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Goodwill [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.,
        label: Gross Profit,
        terseLabel: Gross profit,
        totalLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GrossProfit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The current carrying amount of the liability for the freestanding or embedded guarantor's obligations under the guarantee or each group of similar guarantees.,
        label: Guarantor Obligations
 Current Carrying Value,
        terseLabel: Obligation related to outstanding guarantees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposure: {
     auth_ref: [
      r360
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee or each group of similar guarantees before reduction for potential recoveries under recourse or collateralization provisions.,
        label: Guarantor Obligations
 Maximum Exposure
 Undiscounted,
        terseLabel: Maximum potential future payments related to guarantees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposure,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GuaranteeOfIndebtednessOfOthersMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r357,
      r578,
      r799
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agreements (contracts) that contingently require the guarantor to make payments of principal and interest to a lender on another party's debt if that party fails to comply with the terms of the borrowing arrangement.,
        label: Guarantee of Indebtedness of Others [Member],
        terseLabel: Guarantee of indebtedness of subsidiaries
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GuaranteeOfIndebtednessOfOthersMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r612,
      r633
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by designation of purpose of derivative instrument.,
        label: Hedging Designation [Axis],
        terseLabel: Hedging Designation [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: HedgingDesignationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_HedgingDesignationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r612
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designation of purpose of derivative instrument.,
        label: Hedging Designation [Domain],
        terseLabel: Hedging Designation [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: HedgingDesignationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_HedgingRelationshipDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r612
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nature or intent of a hedge.,
        label: Hedging Relationship [Domain],
        terseLabel: Hedging Relationship [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: HedgingRelationshipDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableAverageRecordedInvestment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253,
      r255
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Average amount of investment of impaired financing receivables with related allowance for credit losses and without a related allowance for credit losses.,
        label: Impaired Financing Receivable
 Average Recorded Investment,
        terseLabel: Average recorded investment in long-term receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairedFinancingReceivableAverageRecordedInvestment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableRecordedInvestment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment of impaired financing receivables with related allowance for credit losses and without a related allowance for credit losses.,
        label: Impaired Financing Receivable
 Recorded Investment,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairedFinancingReceivableRecordedInvestment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Impaired Financing Receivable
 Recorded Investment [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Recorded Investment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairedFinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableRelatedAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r252
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit losses related to recorded investment.,
        label: Impaired Financing Receivable
 Related Allowance,
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance,
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance,
        terseLabel: Allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairedFinancingReceivableRelatedAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableWithNoRelatedAllowanceRecordedInvestment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableRecordedInvestment,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in impaired financing receivables for which there is no related allowance for credit losses.,
        label: Impaired Financing Receivable
 with No Related Allowance
 Recorded Investment,
        terseLabel: For which no allowance has been provided
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairedFinancingReceivableWithNoRelatedAllowanceRecordedInvestment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableWithRelatedAllowanceRecordedInvestment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ImpairedFinancingReceivableRecordedInvestment,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in impaired financing receivables for which there is a related allowance for credit losses.,
        label: Impaired Financing Receivable
 with Related Allowance
 Recorded Investment,
        terseLabel: For which an allowance has been provided
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairedFinancingReceivableWithRelatedAllowanceRecordedInvestment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r321
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of impairment loss recognized in the period resulting from the write-down of the carrying amount of an intangible asset (excluding goodwill) to fair value.,
        label: Impairment of Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill),
        terseLabel: Intangible asset impairment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r321
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of impairment loss recognized in the period resulting from the write-down of the carrying amount of a finite-lived intangible asset to fair value.,
        label: Impairment of Intangible Assets
 Finite-lived,
        terseLabel: Impairment of intangible assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount by which the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost basis or carrying amount of that investment at the balance sheet date and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary
 before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.,
        label: Other than Temporary Impairment Losses
 Investments,
        negatedTerseLabel: Investment in affiliate impairments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairmentOfInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the impairment and disposal of long-lived assets including goodwill and other intangible assets.,
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 Including Intangible Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Impairment of Property
 Plant and Equipment and Finite Lived Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r170,
      r211,
      r581
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to the parent.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
 Net of Tax
 Attributable to Parent,
        totalLabel: Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Bunge
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to domestic operations.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Domestic,
        terseLabel: United States
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r129,
      r199,
      r739,
      r758,
      r791
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Noncontrolling Interest,
        totalLabel: Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Foreign,
        terseLabel: Non-United States
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments
 Income Taxes
 Noncontrolling Interest,
        totalLabel: Total,
        verboseLabel: Income tax rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments
 Income Taxes
 Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Components of Income From Operations Before Income Tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r582
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ProfitLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of income (loss) from continuing operations including portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
 Net of Tax
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest,
        terseLabel: Income (loss) from continuing operations,
        totalLabel: Income (loss) from continuing operations,
        verboseLabel: Income (loss) from continuing operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126,
      r132,
      r205,
      r209,
      r210,
      r756,
      r759,
      r761,
      r786
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) from continuing operations per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
 Per Basic Share,
        terseLabel: Net income (loss) from continuing operations (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126,
      r132,
      r205,
      r209,
      r210,
      r211,
      r761,
      r786,
      r789
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) derived from continuing operations during the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
 Per Diluted Share,
        terseLabel: Net income (loss) from continuing operations (in dollars per share),
        verboseLabel: Net income (loss) from continuing operations (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3,
      r4,
      r5,
      r6,
      r7,
      r18,
      r132,
      r787
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ProfitLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest,
        positiveLabel: Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax,
        terseLabel: Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax,
        verboseLabel: Discontinued operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130,
      r132,
      r207,
      r209,
      r210,
      r761,
      r787,
      r789
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations and Disposal of Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
 Per Basic Share,
        terseLabel: Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207,
      r209,
      r210,
      r601
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations and Disposal of Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
 Per Diluted Share,
        terseLabel: Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of disposal group.,
        label: Disposal Group Name [Axis],
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items],
        verboseLabel: Dispositions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r9,
      r10,
      r11,
      r12,
      r13,
      r14,
      r16,
      r19,
      r20,
      r21,
      r333,
      r334
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.,
        label: Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Table],
        terseLabel: Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.,
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis],
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.,
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain],
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsReconciliationForAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasureAtFairValueUsingLevel3Details,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r554
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.,
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: INCOME TAXES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationInterestAccrued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r523
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of estimated interest accrued as of the balance sheet date arising from income tax examinations.,
        label: Income Tax Examination
 Interest Accrued,
        terseLabel: Accrued interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationInterestAccrued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLiabilityRefundAdjustmentFromSettlementWithTaxingAuthority: {
     auth_ref: [
      r525
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of the additional liability or refund received or expected based on a final settlement with a taxing authority.,
        label: Income Tax Examination
 Liability (Refund) Adjustment from Settlement with Taxing Authority,
        terseLabel: Total proposed adjustments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationLiabilityRefundAdjustmentFromSettlementWithTaxingAuthority,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Income Tax Examination [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Examination
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAccrued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r523
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of estimated penalties accrued as of the balance sheet date arising from income tax examinations.,
        label: Income Tax Examination
 Penalties Accrued,
        terseLabel: Income tax assessments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAccrued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r523
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of estimated penalties and interest accrued as of the balance sheet date arising from income tax examinations.,
        label: Income Tax Examination
 Penalties and Interest Accrued,
        terseLabel: Accrued interest and penalties
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r523
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The sum of the amounts of estimated penalties and interest recognized in the period arising from income tax examinations.,
        label: Income Tax Examination
 Penalties and Interest Expense,
        negatedTerseLabel: Interest and penalty charges in income tax expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r524,
      r547
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A summary of income tax examinations that an enterprise is currently subject to or that have been completed in the current period typically including a description of the examination
 the jurisdiction conducting the examination
 the tax year(s) under examination
 the likelihood of an unfavorable settlement
 the range of possible losses
 the liability recorded
 the Increase or Decrease in the liability from the prior period
 and any penalties and interest that have been incurred or accrued.,
        label: Income Tax Examination [Table],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Examination [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182,
      r235,
      r551
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        negatedTerseLabel: Income tax (expense) benefit,
        terseLabel: Income tax (expense) benefit,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsIncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Amount [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Income Tax (Expense) Benefit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsIncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122,
      r176,
      r517,
      r518,
      r533,
      r534,
      r540,
      r552,
      r808
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.,
        label: Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r516,
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Valuation allowances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r515,
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Enacted Tax Rate
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Tax rate changes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDispositionOfAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 18.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to disposition of asset. Includes
 but is not limited to
 intra-entity transfer of asset other than inventory.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Disposition of Asset
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Losses on Brazilian sugar and bioenergy contribution to joint venture
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationDispositionOfAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential: {
     auth_ref: [
      r180,
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to foreign income tax expense (benefit).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Foreign earnings taxed at different statutory rates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r181,
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Income tax expense at the U.S. Federal tax rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible expenses.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Non-deductible expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseImpairmentLosses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 17.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible impairment loss.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Impairment Losses
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Goodwill impairment - Loders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseImpairmentLosses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 15.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Other Adjustments
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationPriorYearIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to revisions of previously reported income tax expense (benefit).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Prior Year Income Taxes
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Deferred balance adjustments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationPriorYearIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r181,
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 16.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 State and Local Income Taxes
 Amount,
        terseLabel: State taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in income tax contingencies. Including
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Contingency
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Uncertain tax positions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingencies,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 13.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax credits. Including
 but not limited to
 research credit
 foreign tax credit
 investment tax credit
 and other tax credits.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Credit
 Amount,
        negatedLabel: Tax credits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsInvestment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to investment tax credit.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Credit
 Investment
 Amount,
        negatedLabel: Fiscal incentives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsInvestment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxExemptIncome: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r522
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 12.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income (loss) exempt from income taxes.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Exempt Income
 Amount,
        negatedTerseLabel: Tax exempt investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxExemptIncome,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.,
        label: Income Taxes Paid
 Net,
        terseLabel: Cash income tax payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89,
      r753,
      r785
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.,
        label: Income Taxes Receivable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Income taxes receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivableNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41,
      r773
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount due after one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.,
        label: Income Taxes Receivable
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Income taxes receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesReceivableNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise
 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable
 Trade,
        terseLabel: Trade accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable,
        negatedLabel: Trade accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 18.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Accrued liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Contract with Customer
 Liability,
        terseLabel: Advances on sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories,
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInMarginDepositsOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 16.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in money or securities placed with a broker or counterparty as security for a trading or derivative position.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Margin Deposits Outstanding,
        negatedLabel: Margin deposits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInMarginDepositsOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 20.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in operating assets after deduction of operating liabilities classified as other.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Assets and Liabilities
 Net,
        negatedLabel: Other
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInTradingSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161,
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 19.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) of investment in debt and equity securities
 measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Debt Securities
 Trading
 and Equity Securities
 FV-NI,
        negatedTerseLabel: Marketable Securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInTradingSecurities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseInCarryingAmountOfRedeemablePreferredStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adjustment to retained earnings for the increase in carrying amount of redeemable preferred stock that is classified as temporary equity.,
        label: Increase in Carrying Amount of Redeemable Preferred Stock,
        negatedTerseLabel: Redemption value adjustment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseInCarryingAmountOfRedeemablePreferredStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfPreferredStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208,
      r213
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method.,
        label: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Conversion of Preferred Stock,
        terseLabel: -convertible preference shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfPreferredStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r206,
      r213
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method.,
        label: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Share-based Payment Arrangements,
        terseLabel: -stock options and awards (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all or part of the information related to intangible assets.,
        label: Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssets
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176,
      r316
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for finite-lived intangible assets. This accounting policy also might address: (1) the amortization method used; (2) the useful lives of such assets; and (3) how the entity assesses and measures impairment of such assets.,
        label: Intangible Assets
 Finite-Lived
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Other Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309,
      r315
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.,
        label: Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill),
        terseLabel: Other intangible assets
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IntellectualPropertyMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r571
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Intangible asset arising from original creative thought. Include
 but is not limited to
 trademarks
 patents
 and copyrights.,
        label: Intellectual Property [Member],
        terseLabel: Intellectual property
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IntellectualPropertyMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncome: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of interest income and other income recognized during the period. Included in this element is interest derived from investments in debt securities
 cash and cash equivalents
 and other investments which reflect the time value of money or transactions in which the payments are for the use or forbearance of money and other income from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).,
        label: Interest and Other Income,
        terseLabel: Interest income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestAndOtherIncome,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r678
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest capitalized during the period.,
        label: Interest Costs Capitalized,
        terseLabel: Capitalized interest on construction in progress
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestCostsCapitalized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127,
      r233,
      r677,
      r681,
      r763
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.,
        label: Interest Expense,
        negatedLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r631
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing interest expense.,
        label: Interest Expense [Member],
        terseLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestExpenseMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159,
      r165,
      r174
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.,
        label: Interest Paid
 Excluding Capitalized Interest
 Operating Activities,
        terseLabel: Interest paid
 net of capitalization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestPaidNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429,
      r628
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to the right to receive or pay a sum of money at a given interest rate.,
        label: Interest Rate Contract [Member],
        terseLabel: Interest rate,
        verboseLabel: Interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestRateContractMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r238
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Eliminating entries used in operating segment consolidation.,
        label: Intersegment Eliminations [Member],
        terseLabel: Inter-segment Eliminations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IntersegmentEliminationMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoriesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property held for sale in the ordinary course of business
 or in process of
 or to be consumed in
 production for sale.,
        label: Inventories [Member],
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoriesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryCurrentTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about inventory expected to be sold or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory
 Current [Table],
        terseLabel: Inventory
 Current [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryCurrentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.,
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: INVENTORIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/Inventories
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Inventory [Line Items],
        terseLabel: INVENTORIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25,
      r92,
      r292
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory
 Net,
        terseLabel: Inventories,
        verboseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35,
      r93,
      r176,
      r216,
      r293,
      r294
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.,
        label: Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264,
      r265,
      r274,
      r275
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of investment.,
        label: Investment [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of marketable securities and other short-term investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r801,
      r803,
      r804,
      r805
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of investments.,
        label: Investment Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Investment Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r801,
      r803,
      r804,
      r805
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset obtained to generate income or appreciate in value.,
        label: Investments [Domain],
        terseLabel: Investments [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentsAndOtherNoncurrentAssetsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire  disclosure for investments and other noncurrent assets.,
        label: Investments and Other Noncurrent Assets [Text Block],
        terseLabel: OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentsAndOtherNoncurrentAssetsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssets
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value portion of investment securities
 including
 but not limited to
 marketable securities
 derivative financial instruments
 and investments accounted for under the equity method.,
        label: Investments
 Fair Value Disclosure,
        terseLabel: Marketable securities at fair value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in equity method investee and investment in and advance to affiliate.,
        label: Investments in and Advance to Affiliates
 Subsidiaries
 Associates
 and Joint Ventures,
        terseLabel: Investments in affiliates,
        verboseLabel: Investments in affiliates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LandMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r402
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Part of earth's surface not covered by water.,
        label: Land [Member],
        terseLabel: Land
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LandMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r701,
      r703
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease cost recognized by lessee for lease contract.,
        label: Lease
 Cost,
        totalLabel: Total lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r701
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.,
        label: Lease
 Cost [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Components of lease expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Leases [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeasesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Lessee
 Lease
 Description [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Lessee
 Lease
 Description [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r692
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about lessee's leases.,
        label: Lessee
 Lease
 Description [Table],
        terseLabel: Lessee
 Lease
 Description [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r702
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Maturity [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Maturities of lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r702
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetailsCalc2: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due,
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r702
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due after Year Five,
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r702
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r702
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Five,
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r702
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Four,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r702
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Three,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r702
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Two,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r702
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Undiscounted Excess Amount,
        terseLabel: Less imputed interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease renewal
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Renewal Term,
        terseLabel: Lease renewal term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Term of Contract,
        terseLabel: Lease term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r704
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Leases [Text Block],
        terseLabel: LEASES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/Leases
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60,
      r749,
      r782
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.,
        label: Liabilities and Equity,
        totalLabel: Total liabilities and equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Liabilities
 Current,
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities
 Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesForGuaranteesOnLongDurationContractsGuaranteedBenefitLiabilityGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r769,
      r796
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expected guaranteed benefits in excess of the projected account balances for minimum guaranteed benefit contracts
 as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Liabilities for Guarantees on Long-Duration Contracts
 Guaranteed Benefit Liability
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Potential liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesForGuaranteesOnLongDurationContractsGuaranteedBenefitLiabilityGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r2,
      r15,
      r17,
      r325,
      r331
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Liabilities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Liabilities held for sale,
        totalLabel: Liabilities held for sale
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsHeldForSaleAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LicensingAgreementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r568
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights
 generally of limited duration
 under a license arrangement (for example
 to sell or otherwise utilize specified products or processes in a specified territory).,
        label: Licensing Agreements [Member],
        terseLabel: Licenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LicensingAgreementsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47,
      r747,
      r771
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.,
        label: Long-term Line of Credit,
        terseLabel: Borrowings outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Commitment Fee Percentage,
        terseLabel: Utilization fee (percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period remaining on line of credit facility before it terminates
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Expiration Period,
        terseLabel: Original term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity,
        verboseLabel: Maximum borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Unused Capacity
 Commitment Fee Percentage,
        terseLabel: Unused commitment fee (percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time
 and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term
 depending upon the particulars.,
        label: Line of Credit [Member],
        terseLabel: Line of Credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate at which a bank borrows funds from other banks in the London interbank market.,
        label: London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) [Member],
        terseLabel: LIBOR
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates an ownership position in
 or purchase of
 a security.,
        label: Long [Member],
        terseLabel: Long
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47,
      r368,
      r747,
      r778
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Long-term Debt,
        totalLabel: Subtotal,
        verboseLabel: Long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtByMaturityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Long-term Debt
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Principal Maturities of Long-Term Debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtByMaturityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Current Maturities,
        negatedLabel: Less: Current portion of long-term debt,
        terseLabel: Current portion of long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Long-term debt
 including current portion
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194,
      r366
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: bg_LongTermDebtExclusiveOfUnamortizedDerivativeNetGains,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal after Year Five,
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194,
      r366
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_LongTermDebtExclusiveOfUnamortizedDerivativeNetGains,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194,
      r366
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: bg_LongTermDebtExclusiveOfUnamortizedDerivativeNetGains,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Year Five,
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194,
      r366
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: bg_LongTermDebtExclusiveOfUnamortizedDerivativeNetGains,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Year Four,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194,
      r366
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_LongTermDebtExclusiveOfUnamortizedDerivativeNetGains,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Year Three,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194,
      r366
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_LongTermDebtExclusiveOfUnamortizedDerivativeNetGains,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Year Two,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesPrincipalMaturitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Excluding Current Maturities,
        terseLabel: Long-term debt,
        verboseLabel: Total long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r369
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-term debt.,
        label: Long-term Debt [Text Block],
        terseLabel: LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilities
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The minimum amount the entity agreed to spend under the long-term purchase commitment.,
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by category of items purchased under a long-term purchase commitment.,
        label: Category of Item Purchased [Axis],
        terseLabel: Category of Item Purchased [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentCategoryOfItemPurchasedDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: General description of the goods or services to be purchased from the counterparty to the long-term purchase commitment.,
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Category of Item Purchased [Domain],
        terseLabel: Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Category of Item Purchased [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentCategoryOfItemPurchasedDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.,
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Future minimum payment obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83,
      r367
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement
 such as notes
 line of credit
 commercial paper
 asset-based financing
 project financing
 letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349,
      r350,
      r351,
      r352,
      r353,
      r354,
      r355,
      r358,
      r359
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of existing condition
 situation
 or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss to an enterprise that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.,
        label: Loss Contingency Nature [Axis],
        terseLabel: Loss Contingency Nature [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349,
      r350,
      r351,
      r352,
      r353,
      r354,
      r355,
      r358,
      r359
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses the specific components (such as the nature
 name
 and date) of the loss contingency and gives an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss
 or states that a reasonable estimate cannot be made. Excludes environmental contingencies
 warranties and unconditional purchase obligations.,
        label: Loss Contingencies [Table],
        terseLabel: Loss Contingencies [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LossContingenciesTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss contingency liability expected to be resolved after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Loss Contingency
 Accrual
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Loss contingency accrual
 at carrying value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LossContingencyNatureDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349,
      r350,
      r351,
      r352,
      r353,
      r354,
      r355,
      r358,
      r359
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: An existing condition
 situation
 or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss to an enterprise that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Resolution of the uncertainty may confirm the incurrence of a loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability.,
        label: Loss Contingency
 Nature [Domain],
        terseLabel: Loss Contingency
 Nature [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LossContingencyNatureDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.,
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Machinery and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MarginDepositAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash or securities placed with a broker or counterparty as security for a trading or derivatives securities position which was partially obtained with funds provided by the broker dealer.,
        label: Margin Deposit Assets,
        terseLabel: Margin deposits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarginDepositAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28,
      r77
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in marketable security
 classified as current.,
        label: Marketable Securities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Marketable securities
 at fair value
 and other short-term investments,
        verboseLabel: Total marketable securities and other short-term investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarketableSecuritiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r765
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for investment classified as marketable security.,
        label: Marketable Securities
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Marketable Securities and Other Short-Term Investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarketableSecuritiesPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23,
      r577
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for business combinations
 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.,
        label: Mergers
 Acquisitions and Dispositions Disclosures [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositions
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MinorityInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91,
      r748,
      r781
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).,
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest,
        terseLabel: Noncontrolling interests
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinorityInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.,
        label: Noncontrolling Interest
 Decrease from Distributions to Noncontrolling Interest Holders,
        negatedLabel: Dividends to noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromRedemptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389,
      r585,
      r586
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Decrease in noncontrolling interest (for example
 but not limited to
 redeeming or purchasing the interests of noncontrolling shareholders
 issuance of shares (interests) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary to the parent entity for other than cash
 and a buyback of shares (interest) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary from the noncontrolling interests).,
        label: Noncontrolling Interest
 Decrease from Redemptions or Purchase of Interests,
        negatedLabel: Noncontrolling decrease from redemption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinorityInterestDecreaseFromRedemptions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders
 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.,
        label: Noncontrolling Interest
 Ownership Percentage by Noncontrolling Owners,
        terseLabel: Ownership interest by minority shareholder
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.,
        label: Noncontrolling Interest
 Ownership Percentage by Parent,
        verboseLabel: Percentage of ownership interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r164
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities,
        totalLabel: Cash provided by (used for) financing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r164
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities,
        totalLabel: Cash provided by (used for) investing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r164,
      r167,
      r170
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities,
        totalLabel: Cash provided by (used for) operating activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: OPERATING ACTIVITIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116,
      r119,
      r131,
      r170,
      r213,
      r760,
      r788
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.,
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent,
        terseLabel: Net income (loss) attributable to Bunge,
        totalLabel: Net income (loss) attributable to Bunge
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116,
      r119,
      r589,
      r596
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of Net Income (Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest,
        negatedLabel: Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests,
        negatedNetLabel: Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r199,
      r203
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.,
        label: Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders
 Basic,
        totalLabel: Net income (loss) available to Bunge common shareholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNonredeemableNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377,
      r589,
      r590
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after income tax of income (loss) including the portion attributable to nonredeemable noncontrolling interest. Excludes the portion attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest recognized as temporary equity.,
        label: Net Income (Loss)
 Including Portion Attributable to Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interest,
        terseLabel: Net income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossIncludingPortionAttributableToNonredeemableNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r611
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.,
        label: Net Investment Hedging [Member],
        terseLabel: Net Investment Hedges
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetInvestmentHedgingMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items],
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198,
      r200
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Summarization of the changes in an accounting principle or a new accounting pronouncement
 including the line items affected by the change and the financial effects of the change on those particular line items.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Table],
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestDecreaseFromDeconsolidation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r390,
      r591
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of the reduction or elimination during the period of a noncontrolling interest resulting from the parent's loss of control and deconsolidation of the entity in which one or more outside parties had a noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Noncontrolling Interest
 Decrease from Deconsolidation,
        negatedLabel: Deconsolidation of a subsidiary
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncontrollingInterestDecreaseFromDeconsolidation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestInNetIncomeLossOtherNoncontrollingInterestsRedeemable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of income (loss) attributable to other redeemable noncontrolling equity holder.,
        label: Noncontrolling Interest in Net Income (Loss) Other Noncontrolling Interests
 Redeemable,
        terseLabel: Net income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncontrollingInterestInNetIncomeLossOtherNoncontrollingInterestsRedeemable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r390,
      r585,
      r591
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in noncontrolling interest from subsidiary issuance of equity interests to noncontrolling interest holders.,
        label: Noncontrolling Interest
 Increase from Subsidiary Equity Issuance,
        terseLabel: Contribution from noncontrolling interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r579
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents that portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable
 directly or indirectly
 to the parent. A noncontrolling interest is sometimes called a minority interest.,
        label: Noncontrolling Interest [Member],
        terseLabel: Non- Controlling Interests
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncontrollingInterestMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.,
        label: Long-Lived Assets,
        terseLabel: Long-lived assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncurrentAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NondesignatedMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r612
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument not designated as hedging instrument under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).,
        label: Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member],
        terseLabel: Economic hedges
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NondesignatedMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonrecurringAdjustmentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r559
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information about material and nonrecurring adjustment directly attributable to the business combination(s) included in the reported pro forma revenue and earnings (supplemental pro forma information).,
        label: Nonrecurring Adjustment [Axis],
        terseLabel: Nonrecurring Adjustment [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonrecurringAdjustmentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonrecurringAdjustmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r559
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Material
 nonrecurring adjustment(s) allocated (included) to (in) reported pro forma revenue and earnings (supplemental pro forma information).,
        label: Nonrecurring Adjustment [Domain],
        terseLabel: Nonrecurring Adjustment [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonrecurringAdjustmentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NontradeReceivablesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The noncurrent portion of the receivable other than from customers
 that is amounts expected to be collected after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Nontrade Receivables
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other long-term receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NontradeReceivablesNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26,
      r27,
      r54,
      r246,
      r247,
      r752
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable
 classified as current. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes and loan receivable.,
        label: Financing Receivable
 after Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current,
        terseLabel: Secured advances to suppliers
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Financing Receivable
 after Allowance for Credit Loss
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfNonderivativeInstruments: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nominal or face amount used to calculate payments on a nonderivative instrument.,
        label: Notional Amount of Nonderivative Instruments,
        terseLabel: Carrying value of non-derivative hedging instrument
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NotionalAmountOfNonderivativeInstruments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements.,
        label: Number of Reportable Segments,
        terseLabel: Number of reportable segments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfReportableSegments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r693,
      r703
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Operating lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r689
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability,
        terseLabel: Operating lease liability,
        verboseLabel: Present value of lease liabilities
 as separately presented on the condensed consolidated balance sheet
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r689
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Current,
        terseLabel: Current operating lease obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r689
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Non-current operating lease obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r690,
      r697
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Payments,
        terseLabel: Operating cash flows associated with operating leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r688
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset,
        terseLabel: Operating lease assets,
        verboseLabel: Operating lease assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r700,
      r703
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Weighted Average Discount Rate
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Weighted average discount rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r699,
      r703
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term,
        terseLabel: Average remaining lease term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r683,
      r684
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r683,
      r684
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: 2019
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueFutureMinimumSubleaseRentals: {
     auth_ref: [
      r685
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractually required future rental payments receivable on noncancelable subleasing arrangements.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Future Minimum Sublease Rentals,
        terseLabel: Minimum sublease income receipts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueFutureMinimumSubleaseRentals,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r683,
      r684
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due in Five Years,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r683,
      r684
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due in Four Years,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r683,
      r684
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due in Three Years,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r683,
      r684
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due in Two Years,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r683,
      r684
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due Thereafter,
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesPreviousYearLeaseDisclosuresDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r541
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.,
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards,
        terseLabel: Net operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232,
      r240
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses
 including transactions with other components of the same entity.,
        label: Operating Segments [Member],
        terseLabel: Operating
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingSegmentsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contracts conveying rights
 but not obligations
 to buy or sell a specific commodity
 or financial or equity instrument
 at a specified price during a specified period (an American option) or at a specified date (a European option) which were purchased or otherwise acquired
 excluding options written (for which a premium was received).,
        label: Options Held [Member],
        terseLabel: Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OptionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r197,
      r201,
      r229,
      r602
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.,
        label: Organization
 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation
 Business Description and Accounting Policies [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current assets classified as other.,
        label: Other Assets
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other current assets,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for other assets. This disclosure includes other current assets and other noncurrent assets.,
        label: Other Assets Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssets
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value portion of other assets.,
        label: Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other miscellaneous assets expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Assets
 Miscellaneous
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other miscellaneous assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Assets
 Miscellaneous
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.,
        label: Other Assets
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other non-current assets,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Assets
 Noncurrent [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113,
      r123
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax,
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102,
      r109,
      r617,
      r622,
      r641
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before tax and reclassification
 of gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 before Reclassification and Tax,
        terseLabel: Gains and losses on derivatives used as cash flow hedges of foreign currency risk included in other comprehensive income (loss) during the period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFinalizationOfPensionAndNonPensionPostretirementPlanValuationNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109,
      r114,
      r441
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax
 of increase (decrease) to other comprehensive income from settlement and curtailment gain (loss) of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Settlement and Curtailment Gain (Loss)
 after Tax,
        terseLabel: Pension curtailment gain
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFinalizationOfPensionAndNonPensionPostretirementPlanValuationNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityPensionLiabiltyAdjustmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100,
      r675
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxIncludingPortionAttributabletoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax,
        terseLabel: Foreign exchange translation adjustment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r117,
      r120,
      r123,
      r382
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax,
        totalLabel: Net-current period other comprehensive income (loss),
        verboseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss):
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107,
      r109
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxIncludingPortionAttributabletoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan.,
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment
 after Tax,
        negatedLabel: Pension adjustment
 net of tax (expense) benefit of $2
 $4
 and $(4)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107,
      r110,
      r582
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after reclassification adjustment
 of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment
 Tax,
        terseLabel: Pension adjustment
 tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103,
      r109
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxIncludingPortionAttributabletoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Securities
 Available-for-Sale
 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) Arising During Period
 after Tax,
        terseLabel: Unrealized gains (losses) on investments
 net of tax (expense) benefit of nil
 nil
 and $(1)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r110
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) before reclassification adjustments of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Securities
 Available-for-Sale
 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) Arising During Period
 Tax,
        negatedLabel: Unrealized gains (losses) on investments
 tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other current liabilities.,
        label: Other Current Liabilities [Member],
        terseLabel: Current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of other current liabilities.,
        label: Other Current Liabilities [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of other current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r634
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other revenue.,
        label: Other Income [Member],
        terseLabel: Other income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherIncomeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Intangible assets classified as other.,
        label: Other Intangible Assets [Member],
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherIntangibleAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33,
      r34,
      r78
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Liabilities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other current liabilities,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Liabilities Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for other liabilities.,
        label: Other Liabilities Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilities
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Liabilities
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other non-current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r170
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow)
 classified as other.,
        label: Other Noncash Income (Expense),
        negatedLabel: Other
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNoncashIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other noncurrent assets.,
        label: Other Noncurrent Assets [Member],
        terseLabel: Other Noncurrent Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other noncurrent liabilities.,
        label: Other Noncurrent Liabilities [Member],
        terseLabel: Other non-current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.,
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense),
        terseLabel: Other income (expense)\u2014net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r406,
      r450,
      r451,
      r466
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide other postretirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes pension benefits.,
        label: Other Postretirement Benefits Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: Postretirement Benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherPreferredStockDividendsAndAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203,
      r391
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of preferred stock dividends and adjustments classified as other.,
        label: Other Preferred Stock Dividends and Adjustments,
        negatedLabel: Convertible preference share dividends and other obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPreferredStockDividendsAndAdjustments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r336,
      r341,
      r345
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses associated with a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.,
        label: Other Restructuring Costs,
        terseLabel: Consulting and Professional Services
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherRestructuringCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherSundryLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78,
      r364
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Obligations not otherwise itemized or categorized in the footnotes to the financial statements that are due within one year or operating cycle
 if longer
 from the balance sheet date.,
        label: Other Sundry Liabilities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherSundryLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PatentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r570
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exclusive legal right granted by the government to the owner of the patent to exploit an invention or a process for a period of time specified by law.,
        label: Patents [Member],
        terseLabel: Patents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PatentsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForOtherTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r166
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for taxes classified as other.,
        label: Payments for Other Taxes,
        terseLabel: Payment of accrued export tax obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForOtherTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromHedgeInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r193
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow or inflow for a financial contract that meets the hedge criteria as either a cash flow hedge
 fair value hedge
 or hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation.,
        label: Payments for (Proceeds from) Hedge
 Investing Activities,
        negatedLabel: Settlement of net investment hedges
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForProceedsFromHedgeInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149,
      r152,
      r193
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash (inflow) outflow from investing activities classified as other.,
        label: Payments for (Proceeds from) Other Investing Activities,
        negatedLabel: Other
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring: {
     auth_ref: [
      r160,
      r337
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash payments made as the result of exit or disposal activities. Excludes payments associated with a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.,
        label: Payments for Restructuring,
        negatedTerseLabel: Cash payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForRestructuring,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow in the form of ordinary dividends to common shareholders of the parent entity.,
        label: Payments of Ordinary Dividends
 Common Stock,
        negatedLabel: Dividends paid to common shareholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow in the form of ordinary dividends provided by the non-wholly owned subsidiary to noncontrolling interests.,
        label: Payments of Ordinary Dividends
 Noncontrolling Interest,
        negatedLabel: Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow in the form of ordinary dividends to preferred shareholders of the parent entity.,
        label: Payments of Ordinary Dividends
 Preferred Stock and Preference Stock,
        negatedLabel: Dividends paid to preference shareholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfDividendsPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150,
      r575
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period. The cash portion only of the acquisition price.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Purchase price in cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Net of Cash Acquired,
        negatedLabel: Acquisitions of businesses (net of cash acquired)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of or advances to an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 and joint venture or equity method investment) or the acquisition of an additional interest in a subsidiary (controlled entity).,
        label: Payments to Acquire Interest in Subsidiaries and Affiliates,
        negatedLabel: Payments for investments in affiliates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Investments,
        negatedLabel: Payments for investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Payments made for capital expenditures,
        terseLabel: Capital expenditures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToMinorityShareholders: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to a noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but not limited to
 reduction of noncontrolling interest ownership. Excludes dividends paid to the noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Payments to Noncontrolling Interests,
        negatedTerseLabel: Capital contributions (return of capital) from noncontrolling interests
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToMinorityShareholders,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for pension and other postretirement benefits.,
        label: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Disclosure [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlans
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46,
      r407,
      r408,
      r427
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 classified as current.,
        label: Liability
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Current,
        negatedLabel: Current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48,
      r407,
      r408,
      r427
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Liability
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Noncurrent,
        negatedLabel: Non-current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405,
      r450,
      r451,
      r466
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide participant with pension benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes other postretirement benefits.,
        label: Pension Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: Pension Benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PerformanceGuaranteeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r357
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: An agreement (contract) that requires the guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an obligating agreement. This may include the issuance of a performance standby letter of credit which requires the guarantor to make payments if a specified party fails to perform under a nonfinancial contractual obligation.,
        label: Performance Guarantee [Member],
        terseLabel: Performance Guarantee
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceGuaranteeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanAssetCategoriesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined benefit plan asset investment.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Category [Domain],
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Category [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanAssetCategoriesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r472,
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Plan Name [Axis],
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanNameAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Plan Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PortionAtFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r661
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes.,
        label: Portion at Fair Value Measurement [Member],
        terseLabel: Portion at Fair Value Measurement [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PortionAtFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesFairValueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PositionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by position taken for a security.,
        label: Position [Axis],
        terseLabel: Position [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PositionAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PositionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates position taken for a security.,
        label: Position [Domain],
        terseLabel: Position [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PositionDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The percentage rate used to calculate dividend payments on preferred stock.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage,
        terseLabel: Convertible preference shares accrued dividends (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsIncomeStatementImpact: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of preferred stock dividends that is an adjustment to net income apportioned to common stockholders.,
        label: Preferred Stock Dividends
 Income Statement Impact,
        negatedLabel: Convertible preference share dividends
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockDividendsIncomeStatementImpact,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsPerShareDeclared: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of preferred stock outstanding.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Dividends Per Share
 Declared,
        terseLabel: Preferred stock dividends (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockDividendsPerShareDeclared,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsParentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52,
      r178,
      r186,
      r383,
      r384
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The per share liquidation preference (or restrictions) of nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) that has a preference in involuntary liquidation considerably in excess of the par or stated value of the shares. The liquidation preference is the difference between the preference in liquidation and the par or stated values of the share.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share,
        verboseLabel: Convertible perpetual preference shares
 liquidation preference (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockLiquidationPreference,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share,
        verboseLabel: Convertible perpetual preference shares
 par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Convertible perpetual preference shares
 authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued,
        terseLabel: Convertible perpetual preference shares
 issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Convertible perpetual preference shares
 outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Value
 Issued,
        verboseLabel: Convertible perpetual preference shares
 par value $.01; authorized
 issued and outstanding: 2019 and 2018\u20146
899
683 shares (liquidation preference $100 per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
 Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Other Current Assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29,
      r31,
      r296
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Expense
 Current,
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpenseCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassifications that affects the comparability of the financial statements.,
        label: Reclassification
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Reclassifications
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfRetainedInterestInSecuritizedReceivables: {
     auth_ref: [
      r146
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from collection on beneficial interest in securitization of receivables.,
        label: Proceeds from Collection of Retained Interest in Securitized Receivables,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from interest in securitized trade receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromCollectionOfRetainedInterestInSecuritizedReceivables,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r147
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the deconsolidation of a previously consolidated subsidiary or sale of an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled.,
        label: Proceeds from Divestiture of Interest in Subsidiaries and Affiliates,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of investments in affiliates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155,
      r158,
      r193
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities classified as other.,
        label: Proceeds from (Payments for) Other Financing Activities,
        terseLabel: Other
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebtMaturingInThreeMonthsOrLess: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154,
      r157,
      r172
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a borrowing net of the cash outflow from repayment of a borrowing having initial term of repayment within three months.,
        label: Proceeds from (Repayments of) Short-term Debt
 Maturing in Three Months or Less,
        terseLabel: Net change in short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebtMaturingInThreeMonthsOrLess,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleAndMaturityOfMarketableSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the aggregate amount received by the entity through sale or maturity of marketable securities  (held-to-maturity or available-for-sale) during the period.,
        label: Proceeds from Sale and Maturity of Marketable Securities,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from Sale and Maturity of Marketable Securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleAndMaturityOfMarketableSecurities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r148
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from divestiture of businesses and disposal of property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebtMaturingInMoreThanThreeMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment of more than three months but less than one year or one operating cycle (if the normal cycle is more than one year).,
        label: Proceeds from Short-term Debt
 Maturing in More than Three Months,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromShortTermDebtMaturingInMoreThanThreeMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153,
      r503
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from the exercise of options for common shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProfitLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116,
      r119,
      r162,
      r236,
      r241,
      r582,
      r588,
      r590,
      r596,
      r597
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Net Income (Loss)
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest,
        negatedTerseLabel: Net income,
        terseLabel: Net income,
        totalLabel: Net income (loss),
        verboseLabel: Net income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProfitLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLoss,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Additions,
        terseLabel: Capitalized expenditures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70,
      r328
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69,
      r326
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Gross book value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39,
      r40,
      r328,
      r783
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 net,
        totalLabel: Total property
 plant and equipment
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68,
      r176,
      r328
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39,
      r328
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39,
      r326
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life,
        terseLabel: Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133,
      r278
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for expected credit loss on accounts receivable.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 Credit Loss Expense (Reversal),
        terseLabel: Bad debt expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProvisionForLoanLeaseAndOtherLosses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168,
      r248,
      r762
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense related loan transactions
 lease transactions
 credit loss from transactions other than loan and lease transactions
 and other loss based on assessment of uncollectability from the counterparty to reduce the account to their net realizable value.,
        label: Provision for Loan
 Lease
 and Other Losses,
        terseLabel: Bad debt provisions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProvisionForLoanLeaseAndOtherLosses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QualitativeAndQuantitativeInformationTransferorsContinuingInvolvementArrangementsOfFinancialSupportAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r722
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The transferor's maximum amount of exposure to loss as a result of its continuing involvement in transferred financial assets.,
        label: Qualitative and Quantitative Information
 Transferor's Continuing Involvement
 Arrangements of Financial Support
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Deferred purchase price included in Other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QualitativeAndQuantitativeInformationTransferorsContinuingInvolvementArrangementsOfFinancialSupportAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.,
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block],
        terseLabel: QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnaudited
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ReceivableTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Financing arrangement representing a contractual right to receive money either on demand or on fixed and determinable dates.,
        label: Receivable [Domain],
        terseLabel: Receivable [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReceivableTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176,
      r256,
      r259,
      r260,
      r261
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.,
        label: Receivable [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Trade Accounts Receivable and Secured Advances to Suppliers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ReceivablesWithImputedInterestAmortizationAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r681
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of amortization of the discount or premium on the note or receivable which was the result of the determination of present value in cash or noncash transactions
 recognized in the statement of operations for the period.,
        label: Receivables with Imputed Interest
 Amortization Amount,
        terseLabel: Imputed interest to be amortized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReceivablesWithImputedInterestAmortizationAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113,
      r115,
      r123
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: bg_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetofTaxAdjusted,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Current Period
 Net of Tax,
        negatedLabel: Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income,
        negatedTerseLabel: Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestByLegalEntityTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of redeemable noncontrolling interest (as defined) included in the statement of financial position as either a liability or temporary equity. As of the date of the statement of financial position
 such redeemable noncontrolling interest is currently redeemable
 as defined
 for cash or other assets of the entity at (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the entity.,
        label: Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 by Legal Entity [Table],
        terseLabel: Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 by Legal Entity [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestByLegalEntityTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r375,
      r376,
      r378,
      r379
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: As of the reporting date
 the aggregate carrying amount of all noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. This item includes noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) regardless of the type of equity interest (common
 preferred
 other) including all potential organizational (legal) forms of the investee entity.,
        label: Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Carrying Amount,
        periodEndLabel: Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Balance,
        terseLabel: Redeemable noncontrolling interests
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmountAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Carrying Amount [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmountAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r712
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related parties include affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners
 management
 and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.,
        label: Related Party [Domain],
        terseLabel: Related Party [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Related Party Transaction [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Related Party Transactions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Related Party Transactions [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448,
      r706,
      r708,
      r727,
      r728,
      r729,
      r730,
      r731,
      r732,
      r733,
      r734,
      r735,
      r736,
      r737,
      r738
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party. Related parties include
 but not limited to
 affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners
 management
 and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.,
        label: Related Party [Axis],
        terseLabel: Related Party [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r712
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.,
        label: Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Repayments of Long-term Debt,
        negatedLabel: Repayments of long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebtMaturingInMoreThanThreeMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow from a repayment of a borrowing having initial term of repayment of more than three months but less than one year or one operating cycle (if the normal cycle is more than one year).,
        label: Repayments of Short-term Debt
 Maturing in More than Three Months,
        negatedLabel: Repayments of short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepaymentsOfShortTermDebtMaturingInMoreThanThreeMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r509,
      r811
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.,
        label: Research and Development Expense,
        terseLabel: Research and development expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Research and Development Expense [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Research and Development
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176,
      r509
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.,
        label: Research and Development Expense
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Research and Development
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedCashCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24,
      r36,
      r175
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash restricted as to withdrawal or usage
 classified as current. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits.,
        label: Restricted Cash
 Current,
        terseLabel: Restricted Cash
 Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedCashCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashReconciliationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash
 after a specified period of time or when specified performance conditions are met.,
        label: Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member],
        terseLabel: Restricted stock units
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r347
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.,
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM AND PORTFOLIO RATIONALIZATION INITIATIVES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiatives
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r336,
      r341,
      r345
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.,
        label: Restructuring Charges,
        terseLabel: Charges incurred
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringCharges,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of restructuring cost.,
        label: Restructuring Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Restructuring Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by individual restructuring plan.,
        label: Restructuring Plan [Axis],
        terseLabel: Restructuring Plan [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringPlanAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringPlanDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the individual restructuring plans.,
        label: Restructuring Plan [Domain],
        terseLabel: Restructuring Plan [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringPlanDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r342
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions of the accrual) as of the balance sheet date pertaining to a specified type of cost associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructuring pursuant to a duly authorized plan.,
        label: Restructuring Reserve,
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance,
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringReserve,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Restructuring Reserve [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Restructuring Reserve [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringReserveRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of restructuring charges
 remediation cost
 and asset impairment loss.,
        label: Restructuring
 Settlement and Impairment Provisions,
        terseLabel: Severance and other employee benefit costs,
        totalLabel: Total Program Costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57,
      r389,
      r780
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit),
        terseLabel: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings [Member],
        terseLabel: Retained Earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r451
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of plan designed to provide retirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal name of defined benefit and defined contribution plans.,
        label: Retirement Plan Name [Axis],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanNameAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r451
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of plan designed to provide retirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal name of defined benefit and defined contribution plans.,
        label: Retirement Plan Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405,
      r406,
      r450,
      r451,
      r466
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of retirement benefit plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans
 and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.,
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405,
      r406,
      r450,
      r451,
      r466
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of plan designed to provide participants with retirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans
 and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.,
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399,
      r400
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Revenues,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.,
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer
 Excluding Assessed Tax,
        terseLabel: Sales from contracts with customers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r177,
      r404
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.,
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Revenues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128,
      r231,
      r232,
      r239
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).,
        label: Revenues,
        terseLabel: Net sales,
        totalLabel: Revenues,
        verboseLabel: Net sales to external customers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Revenues,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items],
        terseLabel: External Customers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments
 but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.,
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member],
        terseLabel: Revolving Credit Facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r698,
      r703
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.,
        label: Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Operating Lease Liability,
        terseLabel: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SalesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r631
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing revenue from sale of goods and services rendered in the normal course of business.,
        label: Sales [Member],
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SalesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income
 when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.,
        label: Revenue Benchmark [Member],
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SalesRevenueNetMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule itemizing specific types of trade accounts and notes receivable
 and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.,
        label: Schedule of Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsReceivablesFromFarmersInBrazilDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.,
        label: Schedule of Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of recorded investment in long-term receivables and the related allowance amounts from Brazilian farmers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r452,
      r453,
      r464
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of benefit obligation and plan assets of defined benefit plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of after-tax components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Bunge
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r560,
      r561
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting each material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities.,
        label: Schedule of Business Acquisitions
 by Acquisition [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Business Acquisitions
 by Acquisition [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsOtherAcquisitionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of cash and cash equivalents.,
        label: Schedule of Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r546
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.,
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Components of income tax expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83,
      r188,
      r383,
      r386,
      r387,
      r388,
      r679,
      r680,
      r682,
      r767
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.,
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r539
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Components of deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r450,
      r451,
      r454,
      r455,
      r464
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosures about an individual defined benefit pension plan or an other postretirement defined benefit plan. It may be appropriate to group certain similar plans.  Also includes schedule for fair value of plan assets by major categories of plan assets by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1)
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).,
        label: Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansChangesInObligationsAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPlanAssetsAndFuturePaymentsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansProjectedAndAccumulatedBenefitObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r615,
      r625,
      r633
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.,
        label: Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of effect of derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges and undesignated derivative instruments on condensed consolidated statements of income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r191,
      r605,
      r607,
      r608,
      r612,
      r613,
      r621,
      r625,
      r637,
      r639
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of pertinent information about a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis
 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.,
        label: Schedule of Derivative Instruments [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of outstanding derivative instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r9,
      r10,
      r11,
      r12,
      r13,
      r14,
      r16,
      r19,
      r20,
      r21,
      r333,
      r334
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.,
        label: Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Dispositions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r213
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the effect of a one-percentage-point increase and the effect of a one-percentage-point decrease in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement health care benefit costs and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for health care benefits.,
        label: Schedule of Effect of One-Percentage-Point Change in Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rates [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of effects of one-percentage point change in assumed healthcare cost trend rates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of income tax expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular presentation of the description and amount of revenues from a product or service
 or a group of similar products or similar services
 reported from external customers during the period
 if the information is not provided as part of the reportable operating segment information.,
        label: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table],
        terseLabel: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationSalesByProductGroupDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of entity-wide revenues from external customers for each product or service or each group of similar products or services if the information is not provided as part of the reportable operating segment information.,
        label: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Net sales by product group to external customers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Schedule of Equity Method Investments [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Investments in Affiliates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Summarization of information required and determined to be disclosed concerning equity method investments in common stock. The summarized information includes: (a) the name of each investee or group of investees for which combined disclosure is appropriate
 (2) the percentage ownership of common stock
 (3) the difference
 if any
 between the carrying amount of an investment and the value of the underlying equity in the net assets and the accounting treatment of difference
 if any
 and (4) the aggregate value of each identified investment based on its quoted market price
 if available.,
        label: Schedule of Equity Method Investments [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Equity Method Investments [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r432
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of benefits expected to be paid by pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in each of the next five fiscal years and in the aggregate for the five fiscal years thereafter.,
        label: Schedule of Expected Benefit Payments [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Estimated future benefit payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646,
      r647
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).,
        label: Schedule of Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r311,
      r316
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.,
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r311,
      r316
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.,
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of other intangible assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r686
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments required in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year and the total minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Future minimum lease payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r305,
      r307
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total which includes a rollforward schedule.,
        label: Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGuaranteeObligationsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r362,
      r363
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of each guarantee obligation
 or each group of similar guarantee obligations
 including (a) the nature of the guarantee
 including its term
 how it arose
 and the events or circumstances that would require the guarantor to perform under the guarantee; (b) the maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee; (c) the current carrying amount of the liability
 if any
 for the guarantor's obligations under the guarantee; and (d) the nature of any recourse provisions under the guarantee
 and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties
 and any relevant related party disclosure. Excludes disclosures about product warranties.,
        label: Schedule of Guarantor Obligations [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Maximum potential future payments related to guarantees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfGuaranteeObligationsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of income before income tax between domestic and foreign jurisdictions.,
        label: Schedule of Income before Income Tax
 Domestic and Foreign [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Components of income from continuing operations before income tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35,
      r63,
      r64,
      r65
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.,
        label: Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of inventories by segment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Schedule of Investments [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Marketable Securities and Other Short-Term Investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfInvestmentsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r802
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A container table for all schedule of investment items. It ties in the \Legal Entity [Axis]\ to all of its contained line items.,
        label: Schedule of Investments [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Investments [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfInvestmentsTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfLossContingenciesByContingencyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349,
      r350,
      r351,
      r352,
      r353,
      r354,
      r355,
      r358,
      r359
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the loss contingencies that were reported in the period or disclosed as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Schedule of Loss Contingencies by Contingency [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Liabilities related to general claims and lawsuits included in other non-current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfLossContingenciesByContingencyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r366
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the combined aggregate amount of maturities and sinking fund requirements for all long-term borrowings for each of the five years following the date of the latest balance sheet date presented.,
        label: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Principal maturities of long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.,
        label: Schedule of Net Benefit Costs [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Components of net periodic benefit costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherAssetsNoncurrentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of noncurrent assets.,
        label: Schedule of Other Assets
 Noncurrent [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of other non-current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfOtherAssetsNoncurrentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherCurrentAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amounts of other current assets.,
        label: Schedule of Other Current Assets [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfOtherCurrentAssetsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70,
      r328
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuantitativeInformationAboutSecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r723
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of transferred financial assets that continue to be recognized and other financial assets that it manages together with them. Includes
 but is not limited to
 delinquencies and credit losses
 after recoveries.,
        label: Assets that Continue to be Recognized
 Transferred Financial Assets and Other Financial Assets Managed Together [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of cash flows and discounts of trade receivables securitization program
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfQuantitativeInformationAboutSecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.,
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialInformationUnauditedTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r565
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amounts recognized as of the acquisition date for each major class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. May include but not limited to the following: (a) acquired receivables; (b) contingencies recognized at the acquisition date; and (c) the fair value of noncontrolling interests in the acquiree.,
        label: Schedule of Recognized Identified Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r184,
      r706,
      r708,
      r709,
      r710,
      r711
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of quantitative and qualitative information pertaining to related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.,
        label: Schedule of Related Party Transactions
 by Related Party [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Related Party Transactions
 by Related Party [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36,
      r175,
      r740,
      r779
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of cash and cash equivalents restricted as to withdrawal or usage.,
        label: Restrictions on Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Restrictions on cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r339,
      r340,
      r343
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Table presenting the description of the restructuring costs
 such as the expected cost; the costs incurred during the period; the cumulative costs incurred as of the balance sheet date; the income statement caption within which the restructuring charges recognized for the period are included; and the amount of and periodic changes to an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost by type of restructuring.,
        label: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r339,
      r340,
      r343
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.,
        label: Restructuring and Related Costs [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of global competitiveness program
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r344
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost. This element may also include a description of any reversal and other adjustment made during the period to the amount of an accrued liability for restructuring activities. This element may be used to encapsulate the roll forward presentations of an entity's restructuring reserve by type of cost and in total
 and explanation of changes that occurred in the period.,
        label: Schedule of Restructuring Reserve by Type of Cost [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of restructuring reserve
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137,
      r244
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information concerning material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments
 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.,
        label: Schedule of Revenue from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets
 by Geographical Areas [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Geographic area information for net sales to external customers
 determined based on the location of the subsidiary making the sale
 and long-lived assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125,
      r128,
      r244
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments
 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.,
        label: Schedule of Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationGeographicAreaInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230,
      r236,
      r237,
      r238,
      r305
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table disclosing the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment of the entity. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.,
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230,
      r236,
      r237,
      r238,
      r305
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.,
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Operating Segment Information
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r472,
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r478
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Restricted Stock Unit
 Activity [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of restricted stock unit activity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r478,
      r490,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option
 Activity [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of stock option activity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r495
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.,
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Assumptions used to estimate fair value of stock options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionBySettlementTermsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370,
      r371,
      r372
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents settlement terms for the group of mandatorily redeemable securities
 including the description and the details of all terms for each outstanding financial instrument and each settlement option.,
        label: Schedule of Financial Instruments Subject to Mandatory Redemption by Settlement Terms [Axis],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Financial Instruments Subject to Mandatory Redemption by Settlement Terms [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfSharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionBySettlementTermsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to borrowings under which repayment was required in less than twelve months (or normal operating cycle
 if longer) after its issuance. It may include: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date and measures of the maximum and average amount outstanding during the period; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.,
        label: Schedule of Short-term Debt [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Short-term Debt [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of short-term debt arrangements (having initial terms of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.,
        label: Schedule of Short-term Debt [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Short-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockByClassTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86,
      r187,
      r373,
      r380,
      r381,
      r383,
      r384,
      r385,
      r386,
      r387,
      r388,
      r389
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule detailing information related to equity by class of stock. Class of stock includes common
 convertible
 and preferred stocks which are not redeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. It also includes preferred stock with redemption features that are solely within the control of the issuer and mandatorily redeemable stock if redemption is required to occur only upon liquidation or termination of the reporting entity.,
        label: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfStockByClassTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r532,
      r547
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in unrecognized tax benefits.,
        label: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits Roll Forward [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SecuredDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47,
      r747,
      r778
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date
 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.,
        label: Secured Debt,
        terseLabel: Secured debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecuredDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SecuritizationFinancialAssetForWhichTransferIsAccountedAsSaleGainLossOnSale: {
     auth_ref: [
      r714,
      r715
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects
 by transferred financial asset type
 the amount of sales proceeds in excess of or deficient from the sum of the carrying amounts of transferred financial assets plus transaction costs
 including those transactions in which the seller/transferor has continuing involvement with the financial assets that have been transferred.,
        label: Securitization or Asset-backed Financing Arrangement
 Financial Asset for which Transfer is Accounted as Sale
 Gain (Loss) on Sale,
        negatedLabel: Discounts related to gross receivables sold included in SG&amp;A
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecuritizationFinancialAssetForWhichTransferIsAccountedAsSaleGainLossOnSale,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Assets that Continue to be Recognized
 Securitized or Asset-backed Financing Arrangement Assets and any Other Financial Assets Managed Together [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable Securitization Facilities Disclosures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r723
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about transferred financial assets that continue to be recognized and other financial assets that it manages together with them. Includes
 but is not limited to
 credit delinquencies and credit losses
 after recoveries.,
        label: Assets that Continue to be Recognized
 Transferred Financial Assets and Other Financial Assets Managed Together [Table],
        terseLabel: Assets that Continue to be Recognized
 Transferred Financial Assets and Other Financial Assets Managed Together [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses
 including transactions with other components of the same entity.,
        label: Segments [Domain],
        terseLabel: Segments [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Segment Reporting [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentReportingAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r245
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.,
        label: Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: SEGMENT INFORMATION
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationIncomeLossBeforeIncomeTaxesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Segment Reporting Information
 Income (Loss) before Income Taxes [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Operating Segment Information
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentReportingInformationIncomeLossBeforeIncomeTaxesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Segment Reporting Information [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting Information
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentReportingInformationLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetIncomeToSegmentEbitDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143,
      r291
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.,
        label: Selling
 General and Administrative Expense,
        negatedLabel: Selling
 general and administrative expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r145
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling
 general and administrative expense.,
        label: Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member],
        terseLabel: Selling
 general and administrative expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Bond that takes priority over other debt securities sold by the issuer. In the event the issuer goes bankrupt
 senior debt holders receive priority for (must receive) repayment prior to (relative to) junior and unsecured (general) creditors.,
        label: Senior Notes [Member],
        terseLabel: Senior Notes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeniorNotesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsLodersAcquisitionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r336,
      r341,
      r345
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses for special or contractual termination benefits provided to current employees involuntarily terminated under a benefit arrangement associated exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to one-time termination benefits
 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.,
        label: Severance Costs,
        terseLabel: Severance and Other Employee Benefit Costs,
        verboseLabel: Special termination benefit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeveranceCosts1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansPeriodicBenefitCostsAndAssumptionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period,
        terseLabel: Vesting period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Weighted- Grant-Date Fair Value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r484
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeited in Period,
        negatedLabel: Forfeited/cancelled (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r489
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Forfeited/cancelled (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r487
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period,
        terseLabel: Granted (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r487
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Granted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r486
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number,
        periodEndLabel: Restricted stock units outstanding at end of period (in shares),
        periodStartLabel: Restricted stock units outstanding at beginning of period (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock Units
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r486
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        periodEndLabel: Restricted stock units outstanding at end of period (in dollars per share),
        periodStartLabel: Restricted stock units outstanding at beginning of period (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r488
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period,
        negatedLabel: Vested/issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period
 Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Total fair value of restricted stock units vested (in dollars)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r488
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Vested/issued (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions and Methodology [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Assumptions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r498
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Dividend Rate,
        terseLabel: Expected dividend yield
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r497
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate,
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r499
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate,
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r475
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Common shares reserved for grant of stock options
 stock awards and other awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant,
        terseLabel: Common shares available for future grants
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Additional disclosures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r481
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Number,
        terseLabel: Exercisable at end of period (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r481
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Exercisable balance at end of period (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Total intrinsic value of options exercised (in dollars)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r485
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period,
        negatedLabel: Forfeited or expired (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r485
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price of options that were either forfeited or expired.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Forfeited or expired (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r482
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Net number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Net of Forfeitures,
        terseLabel: Granted (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r491
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the reporting period as calculated by applying the disclosed option pricing methodology.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r502
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Outstanding at end of period (in dollars)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r480,
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Number,
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period (in shares),
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r479
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding balance at end of period (in dollars per share),
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding balance at beginning of period (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Weighted-Average Exercise Price
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r469,
      r476
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Award Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Award Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Exercised (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Granted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176,
      r472,
      r477
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r474
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Period,
        terseLabel: Expiration period of award
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r496,
      r504
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Term,
        terseLabel: Expected option term (in years)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r502
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Exercisable at end of period (in dollars)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term,
        verboseLabel: Exercisable
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r494
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term,
        terseLabel: Outstanding 
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.,
        label: Shares
 Outstanding,
        periodEndLabel: Balance (in shares),
        periodStartLabel: Balance (in shares),
        terseLabel: Convertible perpetual preference shares
 outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionFinancialInstrumentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371,
      r372
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifying description of each financial instrument that embodies an unconditional obligation requiring the issuer to redeem the securities by transferring the assets at a specified or determinable date (or dates) or upon an event that is certain to occur. Examples are preferred stock or trust preferred securities
 each of which has redemption rights beyond the control of the issuer on a specified date or upon an event that is certain to occur.,
        label: Financial Instruments Subject to Mandatory Redemption
 Financial Instrument [Domain],
        terseLabel: Financial Instruments Subject to Mandatory Redemption
 Financial Instrument [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionFinancialInstrumentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates the sale of a borrowed security or written option.,
        label: Short [Member],
        terseLabel: Short
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43,
      r745,
      r777
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Short-term Debt,
        terseLabel: Short-term debt,
        verboseLabel: Short-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermBorrowings,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowingsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Short-term Debt [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermBorrowingsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Short-term Debt [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Lines of Credit:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermDebtLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingVariableInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of the carrying amount of short-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 which accrues interest at a rate subject to change from time to time.,
        label: Short-term Debt
 Percentage Bearing Variable Interest Rate,
        terseLabel: Variable interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingVariableInterestRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r369
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for short-term debt.,
        label: Short-term Debt [Text Block],
        terseLabel: SHORT-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermDebtTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilities
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of short-term debt arrangement.,
        label: Short-term Debt
 Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Short-term Debt
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermDebtTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of short-term debt arrangement
 such as notes
 line of credit
 commercial paper
 asset-based financing
 project financing
 letter of credit financing.,
        label: Short-term Debt
 Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Short-term Debt
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermDebtTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average interest rate of short-term debt outstanding calculated at point in time.,
        label: Short-term Debt
 Weighted Average Interest Rate
 at Point in Time,
        terseLabel: Short-term borrowings weighted-average interest rate (as a percent)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShortTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r694,
      r703
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of short-term lease cost
 excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.,
        label: Short-term Lease
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Short-term lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8,
      r236,
      r305,
      r332,
      r338,
      r346,
      r792
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business segments.,
        label: Segments [Axis],
        terseLabel: Segments [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringCostsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GoodwillDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InvestmentsInAffiliatesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationFinancialInformationBySegmentDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/SegmentInformationNetSalesToExternalCustomersDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51,
      r52,
      r53,
      r382
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.,
        label: Class of Stock [Axis],
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityShareRepurchaseProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88,
      r382
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.,
        label: Equity Components [Axis],
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityCumulativeConvertiblePerpetualPreferenceSharesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Statement [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income
 Statement of Cash Flows
 Statement of Financial Position
 Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
 or other statement as needed.,
        label: Statement [Table],
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeLossParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52,
      r53,
      r382,
      r389
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number
 after forfeiture
 of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).,
        label: Shares Issued
 Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement
 after Forfeiture,
        terseLabel: Issuance of common shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52,
      r53,
      r382,
      r389,
      r483
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period,
        negatedLabel: Exercised (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52,
      r53,
      r389,
      r471,
      r491
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).,
        label: Shares Issued
 Value
 Share-based Payment Arrangement
 after Forfeiture,
        terseLabel: Issuance of common shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of stock repurchase plan authorized.,
        label: Stock Repurchase Program
 Authorized Amount,
        terseLabel: Authorized amount of issued and outstanding common shares available for repurchase
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityShareRepurchaseProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53,
      r58,
      r59,
      r258
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.,
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent,
        totalLabel: Total Bunge shareholders' equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r579,
      r580,
      r595
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.,
        label: Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest,
        periodEndLabel: Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Balance,
        totalLabel: Total equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Equity (Note 24):
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.,
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: EQUITY
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/Equity
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubleaseIncome: {
     auth_ref: [
      r696,
      r703
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of sublease income excluding finance and operating lease expense.,
        label: Sublease Income,
        negatedTerseLabel: Sublease income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubleaseIncome,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsegmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business subsegments.,
        label: Subsegments [Axis],
        terseLabel: Subsegments [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsegmentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsegmentsDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Divisions of a component of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses
 including transactions with other components of the same entity.,
        label: Subsegments [Domain],
        terseLabel: Subsegments [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsegmentsDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxExaminationsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r524,
      r547
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of income tax examinations that an enterprise is currently subject to or that have been completed in the current period typically including a description of the examination
 the jurisdiction conducting the examination
 the tax year(s) under examination
 the likelihood of an unfavorable settlement
 the range of possible losses
 the liability recorded
 the increase or decrease in the liability from the prior period
 and any penalties and interest that have been recorded.,
        label: Summary of Income Tax Examinations [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Tax years subject to income tax examination by tax authorities,
        verboseLabel: Summary of tax examinations against Brazilian subsidiaries
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SummaryOfIncomeTaxExaminationsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Supplemental non-cash information:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that purchases in the period from one or more significant suppliers is to cost of goods or services
 as defined by the entity
 such as total cost of sales or services
 product line cost of sales or services
 segment cost of sales or services. Risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a material supplier or a supplier of critically needed goods or services.,
        label: Supplier Concentration Risk [Member],
        terseLabel: Supplier
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplierConcentrationRiskMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SwapMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A forward-based contract in which two parties agree to swap streams of payments over a specified period. The payment streams are based on an agreed-upon (or notional) principal amount. The term notional is used because swap contracts generally involve no exchange of principal at either inception or maturity. Rather
 the notional amount serves as a basis for calculation of the payment streams to be exchanged.,
        label: Swap [Member],
        terseLabel: Swaps
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SwapMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r7,
      r329
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The charge against earnings resulting from the aggregate write down of tangible assets from their carrying value to their fair value.,
        label: Tangible Asset Impairment Charges,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment impairment,
        verboseLabel: Impairment and loss on sale
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r546
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income tax expense (benefit) from effect of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.,
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        negatedTerseLabel: Tax benefit related to reversal of withholding taxes on future repatriation earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTaxActDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncompleteAccountingTransitionTaxForAccumulatedForeignEarningsProvisionalIncomeTaxExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r550
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of reasonable estimate for income tax expense for which accounting for tax effect from transition tax on accumulated earnings of controlled foreign corporation deemed repatriated is incomplete pursuant to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.,
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Transition Tax for Accumulated Foreign Earnings
 Provisional Income Tax Expense,
        terseLabel: Provisional Transition Tax charge
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncompleteAccountingTransitionTaxForAccumulatedForeignEarningsProvisionalIncomeTaxExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesTaxActDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReclassificationFromAociToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) for reclassification to retained earnings of tax effect from remeasurement of deferred tax pursuant to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.,
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings
 Tax Effect,
        terseLabel: Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReclassificationFromAociToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information about the period subject to enacted tax laws.,
        label: Tax Period [Axis],
        terseLabel: Tax Period [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxPeriodAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxPeriodDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identified tax period.,
        label: Tax Period [Domain],
        terseLabel: Tax Period [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxPeriodDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Taxes Payable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Income tax liability for ICMS incentives or benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxesPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAccretionToRedemptionValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of accretion of temporary equity to its redemption value during the period.,
        label: Temporary Equity
 Accretion to Redemption Value,
        terseLabel: Redemption value adjustment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TemporaryEquityAccretionToRedemptionValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAccretionToRedemptionValueAdjustment: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease to net income for accretion of temporary equity to its redemption value to derive net income apportioned to common stockholders.,
        label: Temporary Equity
 Accretion to Redemption Value
 Adjustment,
        negatedTerseLabel: Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TemporaryEquityAccretionToRedemptionValueAdjustment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TradeNamesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r566
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights acquired through registration of a business name to gain or protect exclusive use thereof.,
        label: Trade Names [Member],
        terseLabel: Trade names
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradeNamesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsIntangibleAssetsAcquiredDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TrademarksMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r566
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style.,
        label: Trademarks [Member],
        terseLabel: Trademarks/brands
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TrademarksMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TransfersAndServicingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Transfers and Servicing [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TransfersAndServicingAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialAssetsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r725
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for a transferor's continuing involvement in financial assets that it has transferred in a securitization or asset-backed financing arrangement
 the nature of any restrictions on assets reported by an entity in its statement of financial position that relate to a transferred financial asset (including the carrying amounts of such assets)
 how servicing assets and servicing liabilities are reported
 and (for securitization or asset-backed financing arrangements accounted for as sales) when a transferor has continuing involvement with the transferred financial assets and transfers of financial assets accounted for as secured borrowings
 how the transfer of financial assets affects an entity's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows.,
        label: Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets [Text Block],
        terseLabel: TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION PROGRAM
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialAssetsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/TradeReceivablesSecuritizationProgram
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialInstrumentsTypesOfFinancialInstrumentsDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r724
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Instrument or contract that imposes a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms and conveys a contractual right to receive cash or another financial instrument or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms.,
        label: Financial Instruments [Domain],
        terseLabel: Financial Instruments [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialInstrumentsTypesOfFinancialInstrumentsDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDerivativePositionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TranslationAdjustmentForNetInvestmentHedgeIncreaseDecreaseGrossOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r674
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before tax
 of increase (decrease) in the cumulative translation adjustment from gain (loss) on foreign currency derivatives that are designated as
 and are effective as
 economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity.,
        label: Derivatives used in Net Investment Hedge
 Increase (Decrease)
 Gross of Tax,
        terseLabel: Gains and losses on derivatives used as net investment hedges and foreign currency risk included in other comprehensive income (loss) during the period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TranslationAdjustmentForNetInvestmentHedgeIncreaseDecreaseGrossOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87,
      r392
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares of an entity that have been repurchased by the entity. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Note that treasury stock may be recorded at its total cost or separately as par (or stated) value and additional paid in capital. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.,
        label: Treasury Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Treasury Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInEquityAndRedeemableNoncontrollingInterests
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87,
      r392
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of common and preferred shares that were previously issued and that were repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury on the financial statement date. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends.,
        label: Treasury Stock
 Shares,
        terseLabel: Treasury shares
 at cost (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53,
      r382,
      r389
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and are being held in treasury.,
        label: Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Acquired,
        terseLabel: Repurchase of common shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockSharesAcquired,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityShareRepurchaseProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87,
      r392,
      r395
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.,
        label: Treasury Stock
 Value,
        negatedLabel: Treasury shares
 at cost; 2019 and 2018\u201412
882
313 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r382,
      r389,
      r392
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the cost of common and preferred stock that were repurchased during the period. Recorded using the cost method.,
        label: Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Cost Method,
        terseLabel: Repurchase of common shares for the period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityShareRepurchaseProgramDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adoption and early adoption of sources of change to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The FASB released the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the authoritative source of literature effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009. As part of the Codification process
 the FASB issues Accounting Standards Updates to amend the Codification but otherwise the Accounting Standards Updates are not authoritative in their own right. All previous accounting standards (such as FASB Statements of Financial Accounting Standards
 FASB Interpretations
 FASB Staff Positions
 Emerging Issues Task Force Consensuses
 other pronouncements of the FASB or other designated bodies
 or other forms of GAAP are considered accounting pronouncements) were superseded upon the adoption of the Codification. For an interim period
 references to the superseded standards are included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.,
        label: Type of Adoption [Domain],
        terseLabel: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EquityAociDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TypeOfRestructuringDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the types of restructuring costs.,
        label: Type of Restructuring [Domain],
        terseLabel: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TypeOfRestructuringDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesRestructuringReserveDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ImpairmentsChargesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnderlyingAssetClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by underlying asset class.,
        label: Underlying Asset Class [Axis],
        terseLabel: Underlying Asset Class [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnderlyingAssetClassAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnderlyingAssetClassDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r636
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Major types of referenced/underlying asset classes (for example
 corporate debt
 sovereign debt
 and structured finance).,
        label: Underlying Asset Class [Domain],
        terseLabel: Underlying Asset Class [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnderlyingAssetClassDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries: {
     auth_ref: [
      r513,
      r553,
      r768,
      r795
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries intended to be permanently reinvested outside the country of domicile.,
        label: Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries,
        terseLabel: Foreign unremitted earnings indefinitely reinvested
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of investments
 not including unrealized gains or losses on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 held at each balance sheet date and included in earnings for the period.,
        label: Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments,
        terseLabel: Unrealized gain on investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsMarketableSecuritiesAndOtherShortTermInvestmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r514,
      r526
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits,
        periodEndLabel: Balance at the end of the period,
        periodStartLabel: Balance at the beginning of the period,
        verboseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r527
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions,
        negatedLabel: Reductions for tax positions of prior years
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r529
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from settlements with taxing authorities.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Settlements with Taxing Authorities,
        negatedLabel: Settlements with tax authorities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r528
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increase Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions,
        terseLabel: Additions based on tax positions related to the current year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r527
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increase Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions,
        terseLabel: Additions based on tax positions related to prior years
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r530
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from lapses of applicable statutes of limitations.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Reduction Resulting from Lapse of Applicable Statute of Limitations,
        negatedLabel: Expiration of statute of limitations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r531
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits
 recognized by the end of 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnsecuredDebtMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt obligation not collateralized by pledge of
 mortgage of or other lien on the entity's assets.,
        label: Unsecured Debt [Member],
        terseLabel: Non-recourse debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnsecuredDebtMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDispositionsDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/GlobalCompetitivenessProgramAndPortfolioRationalizationInitiativesNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r219,
      r220,
      r221,
      r222,
      r226,
      r227,
      r228
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.,
        label: Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UseOfEstimates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/NatureOfBusinessBasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UseRightsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r569
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Legal right to use or benefit from the use of natural resources or access. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 drilling rights
 water rights
 air rights
 timber cutting rights and route authorities.,
        label: Use Rights [Member],
        terseLabel: Port rights
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UseRightsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r516
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for a specified deferred tax asset.,
        label: Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Decrease in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r195
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation allowance of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary difference and carryforward.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset [Member],
        terseLabel: Income tax valuation allowances
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from adjustment.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Increase (Decrease) Adjustment,
        terseLabel: Charged to other accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Amount,
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Deduction,
        negatedLabel: Deductions from reserves
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain],
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValueAddedTaxReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of value added taxes due either from customers arising from sales on credit terms
 or as previously overpaid to tax authorities. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Value Added Tax Receivable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Recoverable taxes
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValueAddedTaxReceivableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherCurrentAssetsComponentsOfOtherCurrentAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValueAddedTaxReceivableNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount due after one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle)
 if longer of value added taxes due either from customers arising from sales on credit terms
 or as previously overpaid to tax authorities.,
        label: Value Added Tax Receivable
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Recoverable taxes
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValueAddedTaxReceivableNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/OtherNonCurrentAssetsCompositionDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r695,
      r703
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of variable lease cost
 excluded from lease liability
 recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.,
        label: Variable Lease
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Variable lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableRateAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of variable rate.,
        label: Variable Rate [Axis],
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableRateAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableRateDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate that fluctuates over time as a result of an underlying benchmark interest rate or index.,
        label: Variable Rate [Domain],
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableRateDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesActivityDetails,
      http://www.bunge.com/role/LongTermDebtAndCreditFacilitiesOutstandingDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Incremental Weighted Average Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Effect of dilutive shares:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r204,
      r211
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
 Diluted,
        totalLabel: Diluted (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
 Diluted [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202,
      r211
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
 Basic,
        terseLabel: Basic (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bunge.com/role/EarningsPerCommonShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
   },
   unitCount: 18
  }
 },
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6359566&loc=d3e326-107755
  },
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e1107-107759
  },
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1474-107760
  },
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)
(b)
(c),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i)
(j)
(k),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i-k),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e637-108580
  },
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721659-107760
  },
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e640-108580
  },
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL116659650-108580
  },
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e681-108580
  },
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669686-108580
  },
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e689-108580
  },
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724394-108580
  },
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721663-107760
  },
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e557-108580
  },
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  },
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951672&loc=d3e1436-108581
  },
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657190&loc=SL116659633-172590
  },
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-03(e)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868656-224227
  },
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(13)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868656-224227
  },
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(1)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721665-107760
  },
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(14)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(5)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(7)(c)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(b)(7)(c)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(b)(9)(a)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1
2),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.13),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721671-107760
  },
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.19),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.3),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  },
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  },
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  },
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  },
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  },
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  },
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  },
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  },
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  },
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  },
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  },
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  },
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  },
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  },
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3444-108585
  },
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3000-108585
  },
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=SL94080555-108585
  },
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 24,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3521-108585
  },
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  },
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  },
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  },
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  },
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3044-108585
  },
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3098-108585
  },
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4273-108586
  },
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4297-108586
  },
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=SL98516268-108586
  },
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  },
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(d)(1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(g)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  },
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(2)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(k)(1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(k)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(m)(1)(iii)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(d)(1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  },
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(n)(2)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(n)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04(a)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  },
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04.(a)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  },
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(ColumnA)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  },
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  },
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721533-107759
  },
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721677-107760
  },
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22583-107794
  },
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122394
  },
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1448-109256
  },
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1377-109256
  },
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1505-109256
  },
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1252-109256
  },
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1500-109256
  },
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1278-109256
  },
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1930-109256
  },
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760
  },
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1337-109256
  },
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 52,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117327953&loc=d3e4984-109258
  },
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  },
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  },
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952077&loc=d3e1280-108306
  },
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  },
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872618&loc=d3e7436-122677
  },
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  },
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  },
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  },
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  },
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  },
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  },
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134479
  },
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2122178
  },
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8721-108599
  },
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8813-108599
  },
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 30,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8906-108599
  },
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9031-108599
  },
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 41,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9038-108599
  },
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 41,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9038-108599
  },
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134510
  },
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4428-111522
  },
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4531-111522
  },
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=SL6953423-111524
  },
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(3),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=SL6953423-111524
  },
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=SL6953423-111524
  },
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=SL6953550-111524
  },
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5212-111524
  },
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5212-111524
  },
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5212-111524
  },
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5258-111524
  },
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5033-111524
  },
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5074-111524
  },
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  },
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  },
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10149-111534
  },
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10178-111534
  },
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 320,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118954083&loc=SL6284422-111562
  },
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 320,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=SL6283291-111563
  },
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 320,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2196928
  },
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 321,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=75115024
  },
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118954474&loc=d3e32787-111569
  },
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33912-111571
  },
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  },
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  },
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  },
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(b),
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  },
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  },
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  },
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2196965
  },
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 325,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197064
  },
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955202&loc=SL82895884-210446
  },
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919244-210447
  },
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  },
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  },
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  },
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919253-210447
  },
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919258-210447
  },
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919230-210447
  },
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955255&loc=SL82921830-210448
  },
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 79,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955255&loc=SL82922352-210448
  },
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 80,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955255&loc=SL82922355-210448
  },
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955579&loc=SL82922888-210455
  },
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955579&loc=SL82922895-210455
  },
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955579&loc=SL82922900-210455
  },
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942371&loc=SL82922954-210456
  },
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68048583&loc=d3e3636-108311
  },
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846819&loc=d3e3927-108312
  },
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  },
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  },
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  },
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  },
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13770-109266
  },
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13777-109266
  },
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77989000&loc=SL49117168-202975
  },
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e957-107759
  },
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  },
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  },
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144439
  },
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16212-109274
  },
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6787-107765
  },
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274
  },
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  },
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  },
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  },
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  },
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: ((a)(1)
(b)),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6801-107765
  },
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16373-109275
  },
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144416
  },
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2599-110228
  },
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2420-110228
  },
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2473-110228
  },
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2921-110230
  },
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6904-107765
  },
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=SL51724579-110230
  },
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  },
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6911-107765
  },
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  },
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.3),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  },
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(2)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(d)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2175745
  },
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  },
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  },
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  },
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14615-108349
  },
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14394-108349
  },
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  },
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14453-108349
  },
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14472-108349
  },
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14557-108349
  },
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  },
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 15,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99404985&loc=d3e10037-110241
  },
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12021-110248
  },
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12053-110248
  },
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12069-110248
  },
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12069-110248
  },
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12069-110248
  },
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12265-110248
  },
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99376301&loc=d3e1243-112600
  },
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99376301&loc=SL5988623-112600
  },
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
  },
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  },
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  },
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  },
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(11)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255708&loc=SL5909891-110878
  },
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109262807&loc=d3e22026-110879
  },
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109262807&loc=d3e22047-110879
  },
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (CFRR 211.02),
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=d3e177068-122764
  },
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 3.C),
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=d3e177168-122764
  },
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (12)(c),
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=SL6540498-122764
  },
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (16)(c),
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=SL6540498-122764
  },
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (3),
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=SL6540498-122764
  },
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: 14,
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=SL6540498-122764
  },
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: 15,
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=SL6540498-122764
  },
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(12)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65888546&loc=d3e21300-112643
  },
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21553-112644
  },
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  },
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  },
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21484-112644
  },
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21488-112644
  },
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  },
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  },
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  },
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  },
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  },
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.Q),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187283-122770
  },
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  },
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656
  },
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23309-112656
  },
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  },
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  },
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130531-203044
  },
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130532-203044
  },
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130543-203045
  },
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721523-107759
  },
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130545-203045
  },
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130549-203045
  },
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  },
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 15,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 712,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  },
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 15,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 712,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  },
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237824&loc=d3e1703-114919
  },
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237824&loc=d3e1731-114919
  },
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(17)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(10),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(6),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(7),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(8),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(6),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(8),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(i),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(01),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(7),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r442: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (j),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r443: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r444: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r445: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r446: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (l),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r447: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (m),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r448: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (n),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r449: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (r),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(2)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r450: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r451: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2410-114920
  },
  r452: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2417-114920
  },
  r453: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2417-114920
  },
  r454: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2417-114920
  },
  r455: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2439-114920
  },
  r456: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r457: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r458: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r459: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r460: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r461: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r462: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(7),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r463: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r464: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118257860&loc=d3e4179-114921
  },
  r465: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 60,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39716-114964
  },
  r466: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 70,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  },
  r467: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  },
  r468: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116855982&loc=d3e4534-113899
  },
  r469: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r470: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r471: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r472: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r473: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r474: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r475: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r476: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)
(g),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r477: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)
(f),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r478: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r479: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(24)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r480: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r481: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r482: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r483: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r484: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r485: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)-(4),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r486: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r487: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r488: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r489: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r490: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r491: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r492: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r493: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r494: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r495: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r496: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r497: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r498: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r499: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721525-107759
  },
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r500: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r501: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r502: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r503: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=SL79508275-113901
  },
  r504: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.D.2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  },
  r505: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  },
  r506: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11149-113907
  },
  r507: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11178-113907
  },
  r508: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  },
  r509: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 730,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373
  },
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r510: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r511: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r512: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r513: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28200-109314
  },
  r514: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=SL37586934-109318
  },
  r515: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32059-109318
  },
  r516: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32123-109318
  },
  r517: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32247-109318
  },
  r518: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32280-109318
  },
  r519: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31917-109318
  },
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r520: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31931-109318
  },
  r521: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  },
  r522: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  },
  r523: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r524: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r525: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (3),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r526: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r527: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r528: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r529: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r530: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r531: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r532: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r533: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  },
  r534: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  },
  r535: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r536: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r537: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)
(c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r538: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r539: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r540: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  },
  r541: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  },
  r542: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  },
  r543: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  },
  r544: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r545: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r546: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r547: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 217,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117331294&loc=d3e36027-109320
  },
  r548: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r549: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r550: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.EE.Q2(b)),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=SL116722634-122817
  },
  r551: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  },
  r552: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65884525&loc=d3e40913-109327
  },
  r553: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b)(c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331
  },
  r554: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  },
  r555: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r556: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r557: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(2),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r558: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(3),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r559: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(4),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r560: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r561: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1486-128463
  },
  r562: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 37,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116868840&loc=d3e2207-128464
  },
  r563: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116869197&loc=d3e4845-128472
  },
  r564: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e)(1),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116869197&loc=d3e4845-128472
  },
  r565: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116869197&loc=d3e4845-128472
  },
  r566: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5263-128473
  },
  r567: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5333-128473
  },
  r568: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 31,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5419-128473
  },
  r569: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 31,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5419-128473
  },
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r570: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 38,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5504-128473
  },
  r571: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 44,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5558-128473
  },
  r572: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859721&loc=d3e6578-128477
  },
  r573: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859721&loc=d3e6613-128477
  },
  r574: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  },
  r575: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  },
  r576: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  },
  r577: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2303972
  },
  r578: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 15,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116873149&loc=d3e923-111674
  },
  r579: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4568447-111683
  },
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r580: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4568740-111683
  },
  r581: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4613673-111683
  },
  r582: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569616-111683
  },
  r583: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569643-111683
  },
  r584: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4613674-111683
  },
  r585: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 23,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569655-111683
  },
  r586: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 24,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4616395-111683
  },
  r587: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=d3e5614-111684
  },
  r588: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r589: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r590: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r591: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r592: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(3),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r593: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)
(3),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r594: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4582445-111684
  },
  r595: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4I,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4590271-111686
  },
  r596: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4J,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591551-111686
  },
  r597: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4K,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591552-111686
  },
  r598: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-02),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355033-122828
  },
  r599: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-03),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355100-122828
  },
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e1012-107759
  },
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r600: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-04),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355119-122828
  },
  r601: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.E),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355146-122828
  },
  r602: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197479
  },
  r603: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 83,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 15,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117415099&loc=d3e34841-113949
  },
  r604: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117331979&loc=d3e41322-113958
  },
  r605: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5579240-113959
  },
  r606: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5579245-113959
  },
  r607: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5579245-113959
  },
  r608: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5580258-113959
  },
  r609: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)(i),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41620-113959
  },
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r610: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)(ii),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41620-113959
  },
  r611: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)(iii),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41620-113959
  },
  r612: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41620-113959
  },
  r613: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41638-113959
  },
  r614: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  },
  r615: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  },
  r616: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  },
  r617: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  },
  r618: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)
(c),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  },
  r619: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  },
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r620: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  },
  r621: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  },
  r622: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624171-113959
  },
  r623: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624171-113959
  },
  r624: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624171-113959
  },
  r625: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624171-113959
  },
  r626: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4CC,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL109998890-113959
  },
  r627: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  },
  r628: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  },
  r629: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  },
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r630: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  },
  r631: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  },
  r632: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  },
  r633: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4E,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624181-113959
  },
  r634: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624186-113959
  },
  r635: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624186-113959
  },
  r636: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4K,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5708775-113959
  },
  r637: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41641-113959
  },
  r638: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41675-113959
  },
  r639: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41678-113959
  },
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r640: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 182,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116861445&loc=SL5629052-113961
  },
  r641: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109974929&loc=SL110061190-113977
  },
  r642: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 25,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109977999&loc=d3e76258-113986
  },
  r643: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 25,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109977999&loc=d3e76258-113986
  },
  r644: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=112277219&loc=d3e80748-113994
  },
  r645: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2229140
  },
  r646: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r647: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r648: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (bb),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r649: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (bbb)(1),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r650: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (bbb)(2),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r651: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r652: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r653: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r654: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(3),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r655: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r656: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r657: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19279-110258
  },
  r658: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19279-110258
  },
  r659: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=SL6742756-110258
  },
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r660: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=SL6742756-110258
  },
  r661: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116690757&loc=d3e13220-108610
  },
  r662: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13433-108611
  },
  r663: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13467-108611
  },
  r664: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13476-108611
  },
  r665: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13531-108611
  },
  r666: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  },
  r667: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75031198&loc=d3e14064-108612
  },
  r668: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948100&loc=d3e30304-110892
  },
  r669: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109240200&loc=d3e30690-110894
  },
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.12),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r670: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109240200&loc=d3e30700-110894
  },
  r671: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450222&loc=d3e30840-110895
  },
  r672: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 230,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  },
  r673: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32157-110900
  },
  r674: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r675: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b
c),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r676: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901
  },
  r677: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  },
  r678: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  },
  r679: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28541-108399
  },
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r680: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28551-108399
  },
  r681: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28555-108399
  },
  r682: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  },
  r683: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (Note 3),
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82846649&loc=d3e38371-112697
  },
  r684: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  },
  r685: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  },
  r686: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  },
  r687: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119364159&loc=SL77916155-209984
  },
  r688: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r689: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r690: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r691: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  },
  r692: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  },
  r693: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r694: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r695: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r696: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r697: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r698: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r699: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  },
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r700: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(4),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r701: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r702: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918701-209980
  },
  r703: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 53,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888399&loc=SL77918982-209971
  },
  r704: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=77888251
  },
  r705: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r706: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r707: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  },
  r708: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  },
  r709: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864
  },
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r710: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39678-107864
  },
  r711: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864
  },
  r712: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122745
  },
  r713: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 852,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6918054&loc=d3e56071-112765
  },
  r714: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 40,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634877&loc=d3e96813-111708
  },
  r715: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r716: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (bb),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r717: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (bb)(1),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r718: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (bb)(2),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r719: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (bb)(3),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r720: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(1),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r721: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r722: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4)(ii),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r723: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r724: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 50,
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116651436&loc=d3e122625-111746
  },
  r725: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197590
  },
  r726: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 340,
   Topic: 928,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6473545&loc=d3e61844-108004
  },
  r727: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  },
  r728: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  },
  r729: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  },
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r730: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  },
  r731: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  },
  r732: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  },
  r733: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 33,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  },
  r734: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 33,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  },
  r735: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 35A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  },
  r736: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 35A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  },
  r737: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  },
  r738: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  },
  r739: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 940,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  },
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r740: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(1)(a)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r741: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(10)(3)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r742: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(10)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r743: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r744: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13)(2)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r745: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r746: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r747: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r748: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(22)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r749: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r750: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(6)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r751: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(7)(d)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r752: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(7)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r753: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.10),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r754: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r755: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.7(d)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r756: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r757: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(13)(g)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r758: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r759: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(20)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19
20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r760: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r761: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r762: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.11),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r763: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r764: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 230,
   Subparagraph: b.,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6477933&loc=d3e60009-112784
  },
  r765: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75019621&loc=d3e62652-112803
  },
  r766: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 405,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817
  },
  r767: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 470,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  },
  r768: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 740,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479915&loc=d3e66715-112838
  },
  r769: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117418410&loc=d3e7104-158389
  },
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.2),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r770: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r771: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r772: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(3)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r773: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(5)(c)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r774: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(1)(b)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r775: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(10)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r776: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r777: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r778: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r779: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(2)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r780: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r781: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(24)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r782: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r783: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r784: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r785: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.5(c)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r786: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(11)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r787: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(12)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r788: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r789: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20
24),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r790: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(3)(a)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r791: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r792: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  },
  r793: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r794: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r795: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 740,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6487024&loc=d3e29054-158556
  },
  r796: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (d)(3),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117420044&loc=d3e19393-158473
  },
  r797: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117420044&loc=d3e19393-158473
  },
  r798: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 825,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  },
  r799: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66023616&loc=SL35737432-115832
  },
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  },
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r800: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.6-06(3)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6488278&loc=d3e604059-122996
  },
  r801: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12(2)(i)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611133-123010
  },
  r802: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611133-123010
  },
  r803: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12C(1)(a)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611225-123010
  },
  r804: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-13(1)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611282-123010
  },
  r805: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15(Column A)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611379-123010
  },
  r806: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611379-123010
  },
  r807: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 310,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4)),
   Topic: 948,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6589523&loc=d3e617274-123014
  },
  r808: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 740,
   Topic: 954,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  },
  r809: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r810: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 4)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r811: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 985,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  },
  r812: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b
  },
  r813: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-23
  },
  r814: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: d1-1
  },
  r815: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 13,
   Subsection: a-1-
  },
  r816: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 20-F
 40-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 15,
   Subsection: d-1
  },
  r817: {
   Name: Regulation 12B,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-2
  },
  r818: {
   Name: Regulation S-T,
   Number: 232,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 405
  },
  r819: {
   Footnote: 2,
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r820: {
   Footnote: 4,
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r821: {
   Footnote: 4,
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 29
  },
  r822: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 09
  },
  r823: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Paragraph: (m),
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 4,
   Subparagraph: (1)(iii),
   Subsection: 08
  },
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.28
29),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29
30),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.3(a)(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  },
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.3
4),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.31),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8

 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowingsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'



0K3GA4C+T6#


$
M?^?L];W%
/#S_$
M#U$\_,CKNO[QE8RYR =]2OHC-(C\RV<T*

MDN
O17[^F.?DT@]3%*


':*L/Z$_C& O?



M54!7&L


%\4]7]L




WR

F RB3
M#Y4XHB*1%E%-+.XM'DV%J+*,^3AC=1@\\Y)WZ;]'^

M4;\*A.(KI2ZTQ&ODOK
T#B(%G$W8K+PQP _[J?=:
?7L6LE-DTE%D@U?V&!8

M6T$E?.7C^W*M[PVK*DSX2IG




MZY'1EZ1LAD-]*PI3




V#80
T*H8H1+


5GH0[2U*19FXDBF(ZABXYM

MSK0X=4&4;0-K(DI-2K29*+(B*#8GJXJCFZHDN++@6'.MX#596!!EV\B=E
MG2T :$Z  ?(_&7@V S(C-_&1?G61$NS5%




 !4Y5
U<?Z96\.D.3GP9
=1F)'4]E_\ 4:#B[G:!-?&) VYA(42


&'YH*7?= 6=$R3;
MQGZ?YP07_SISAX+MF.8R.-TV$ .]#QQ? S\K?.=^T[1YAXB=R3LX?%1411-%
M

FI+DB4)FB-+O*-PNNZ:
MKC@#ISB(T)SEO+8
-:F01,C8(IC#C!R^;DK$$BML&-LZX\OEAHR!S

M):D.\K9[/_ENOID8$8_&7OQ]I?QF14EZ^_PEB@;)8Y1ZP?;GO*O@6=


?_=2[ K)
M'[PAXHO9'4GA3%$Q-%?618T7'

JVT5
M6
MK&5HMVU@7=ZWFKW@?7?@KZUINF**KB.H-J?*AF2Y8J:5@B[REEM(N6P96)?W
MK8N_W5!?5=)
U=!M6\4!N^HXIJ58F5;*-C:_XI*]VP;6;)TWMZ62IMSKR NO


M7%


_I

MSYC)T2S#



[41
O!R$U8
M:#
G:84NJRT#



MKVDJE@Y5

.B4A ?K.J6JV

M.-C$W@$'FI@N@B )BHGMGR[AOW.R+BZ7)FX;N&D?G%-L$C&?WZ;U_W?Y[C)&
M.

M0'KKY]MAW(;+=95&[)


%LW:NNV(A;7$6P9B2_E!.R(..V1Y[?[3U42;YP4
I!2.-['3

11+X=QL\2RO\HY5

MOR0-@7)AEIL'9@;]?*ML]YLE)Y+/UV47ZYMM6HZ% _WYFC!-LI:YN&T#]YWE


M)*@M3&_+P.995S%!U34DC



M\['FU

M:^NFK5NJPTN:*S@XD)X30G8*FP9N&[COINUU$:P.3;1D59
=S1%
1]
UU=!
M9V:\-='BC'KMH&82/PI-?%H*M6FB:YKV(:%S8\M69ICR63+K(7EEH6Y]\R
M$)-
K9MBQ@\O'A15SAE/@N@-D0V/;3]&_32*DPP+W$ZRA6GK%

M';Q^E:T_\U\0N8P_JJ(+)H



M



*Y'U*J)B\J(@NZ*MS/:]-CBRQV7A




]3W,C]'O6C%Q037_'HO2Y@T;F(N= C-3@-/M3_K<!?O/K)/#[\[ZV
MWL ?YST[2^NYVYPO/C\-/VV?]$\?2]^;?^;'=]]YJ)50][
2ZDFM1-G^!#L*



MFU U&HIGN1ZUD*@&J



2E1*Q4H.MT5H%D:
M
L+-!\S'QT4 ?
X ?.J+@0['

M#C5I

C8NAS7H^;$<P



-

80T'6.SF_O?QU'87GCS;GZ=:3W![L02#/G
MW'9/KD.5KHG:; WI]8/
/'#]O+59%LT_0 %&C/[^K(4D![

/]SD+YN;LP/B


M: 

M
2(D/YI-10XO&


:._!\3K$:.V.W
N0

=@+NC9.6<+?J.[D$ +?D<34Q#&T)^)

MO/'BD'OSSIR&0V3Z$0I1//0]-L0!3_W3

WBF_0
M#ZP3T11_9#B\BZ






MFIN'HDW89D@4M#E1T+R%/IU
=UTH6R4638178.K:;.J:#ZV: *-0OVI[_:IY
M6-J$7$


4

MP+0S!F
_]#''
PXZKQ/


8I:G&=2V90*M9T95*HPRU=D4Y6!*1Y=XZ-'W3ATM&(

'S;6L-JDA



MSY22XL2P!X))$\D@1T5);J9H#I[(!IE:5%_'

MIA

M*/0P0BC-5LP-_+S63QX61


X_.E$H53Z:E=


)XJ

$T0P/$P9GM



SSI+5A/08

M6@H2Z
' %$@YI)P[E7*F1_;+MHZ!_H'S]P\TOUG
T:MM0 B87ISR;G\5&]_\
MDNV;=!62A8MD=O=^\GTN!H^8M#::1)B$B1$.KE&:8L+=/ELQ&OBLI=\W33:3




MZK/6)7!J[[/JU=)FAN6333MA($!&009;-H.5H!Q$,1#PA3FI;%IBPC2-)X







/

M$F3G1+_S==Z *+ CC4W6AXBM\2=.\/1YUP VMS957[CV5Y=A#UV(N_=X'G


?%4E02]



M43J*!LM33M__%:$;;[P\CN#.G(9#--]#R/?V-;6


)A4@EG;I:B\0;2

MQ_-!;-9(5F0_)K4_3 

Y^]5$:

B)7^.
 '#87*7#J[3P:_&SQU1LV

O


M2;SWHB9(_4%2/T#^[]=HZ 5.]C5SB?NW'XP]LKL!BL


43(\]*;J' 6





S?+G9XP4V!.+<N[&_]QT[DY)5#Z+^(OWR:)]-$ ZUQ.HESU&Q
M(R^XVB[TZ4 D1$LD5 ]H9L'D:?N9O)HVM 7P22?XK^8)




L0WLL
M0PV+/

W!J3Z
)OK(!7TF%



M+LL6)\EJ15:'Q#BU)VR[J5C&H7!'C0XSS
'D:D\8T)T6VXSQ@EBID5)]


)F37C5LRJ+C'V$EK?^\GWN7P[V2%!RU'K0EU@_E?D)=
XH[@;HS^G
Z4D%S4^D'#MP;*DDN[#L1-]5SO#EIY1PG,6,]UX*N-<*$9XYLYK?^2%



D@&%J

$R FL$W



 Y

-L#W0[ !SI\&B].D\]^O6P02
M&_3:FK




K<^M8T

M?$I+.@KB4QKC4\B2M3P^K7_=%%B1%E7)0&WI !



'EM-CET!*)@JF!2!3L#07V


M@/:S
F 26#


O(GJTNHO&3D!M&/V;AU/^N'7MCWO6#Y[)6[;R?D
MH6RI CV.[S#6%99


^97SNK 0U +9BR_S7F)8\4]!N47H4O6 K(?2T6
M=A; 5C4O6,T6[WS8-G!LC
GY70&X%T0=!:L.J 8D'60==;LNIW;]6T9F\XC


NZ\2Z'=D%-4:]TQIH6D/3E.Q::'ZH9N\&B_1NRZK7C\;H

M(^=?X+Q.


M!I=F?:4A+429RG:QU%*?HD(H0H


 I%RZ[.AH
M2+DT7QG;1YF?ANMZ;*

@Q-&Z$ZL
M-F\X6[

MXUFA3QWZU+L!*_;4@CV(-AK2[#7O/(=4DV/0*ZV&A
V2J )KLQH-;764@)
AVUR^<]#3_M3L\3J48%-PIJ46#'
MB=Y99.;R14MN=B;N8DG9'D91W*KNN6YK6X&=G5WJQRHGJK-HTJO\)T//[Q)

H'Y4*@^?W+






1

M32T@A-8C*AHJ6MMZU/!BP5/!/TAAT 

MN(5A4K?*5A /47XF8&M=4?
M28T=@B1$NS;Q5YP!VQE#0G-;B0HVVJ165:
MO*V*UGPMBN[-]5L+]9K.ZK4J TZ12NV5RR/9B72$XOW3$OA.8A(3+QSDK.QJ
(TGU'1-J@(<153156J\W&M]#O=2<@Q
MGJIFJ*US8UT&*%!PJ&)384[VXQ-96ZO54W9%*4=UJ.AS$4_HGALHZ?T\6V

MGQ8TN?A



P\X&
M7/H@K@(5J16LWF&&[=5J0-H

8A?VWC*G]V2^_.]_N


MK@NLKIHGJZP^(/$&K&83V._.:@C7.\7V;(TI6=DRKR&V@KT5LV*5C=M]





MZGY



A:\NTW
ZT7*;)=B7FB7)V




X#$XR4;P!B%
M

*0G$M!12V$PH+V9OVJ2[D;AA7XE
T+D%(V.9V


MMWCBXEKA!A0.EL-7K
G\2CW6Q ^/L296E*2WSU^B:) \1JD7'&!.'J833'LP
M)Y7FI






O2#;-&-!CE9+Q:8ILR@ :WG#AQ2+./G +R@:QMYD

M(_R\T'GUQECK2+9&X#CI




.H,12/X%M!VT';2=L:S99*GK= 5$([F HJLA]$8#-!@L;2!P.&K

T3_P8PQBACM45-Q*@[6
MR!/_B_0O+\0?8:.^N&L2S&A+$LRH

M_5+D3MN L:N*C
=1F/WI=IH2!@UPZ-

IGS)R8V93&(QY5^$K]X;
MAN$@$PW*1
$T9A)17R9R
7OGSRG^*CS=2122&'0%:AO]_G0\S;;-6CVH/CN[
MWAC\
4TR_


; 
+



]V;=HOM%1

+1D0T5NKOG


)T'TAA!V

M-\ZM
_F);9G/PGFM)MEZMXWQY.YS[(18;(. -U$XMZ4+0UH.H%2V).
=+-Q[


$SGV9$&TB\_DUQ6J;1*BACT:@_DTRMSH:5!5.Q4#))=6R5T/
M_R 8.'

MW@





MS &S!MM09AO

M52/QO3NOC]G5;X5@D
OOY@2@#EQAT =Y.?:8

M^% Y9:I=GZZ'SK#F;5=' KA
MU



^*Z=^$^Z7$V:Y_VH%93;)
MPPYOGC]](UVS1%TI85F4QK5NRPJ!)'ML1_$DPC0GN]W?(_P
L@EU.

O


6T_5TG#&?A/ ;KU [82T2QD$2M(RVJ!8_<0^FBA9-2Z
ML2470^;SYX(:K&!I2

MNFV0+!IR6=3X+$!A@
):X'1W:SB'CB^*'6Y#-42J3ATXCR5NH_3288(;DN%F


M#30MO4U6P!M-8X)0@E#2&BV=Z6V,=!O6G8;62Q=XXYW$DQ*XI-1DKU+=\_

M*Y)=7H%_YFIO._

M8(W!&K.?93A71VX;$V1-V^!&.L=J6&-S+AF$3%?K
EUL=X2#0+9#(F*L,[9
M#0[A57OJ]:L602;VD*;VGQ7S!DE&

MD7Z%: T:$EBUQ0WM=



MUUO$_BUSZPP4W$$

P;8



/


SI^





M




4G31

MMJ@::J\;-N*8? F;UJVXW)6/C7)X7G-KJ*@S+FF(AJN)+N\Y6B*Q6GBG2R




3;9'G!


















.VA6K*



'@GI?TD@GJD][;0


'0BR=Q
M]#);BDN2(2:*Q].!UZ

3



M5#?3.LO63

JF+(L
M!JNNK N**W*:QO.ZPTN\8&8JYNJ:QE<I8IE(=8M.8OA!8=3^^1
$G(GR9F0





R)M3$8__;3[#'?Y?(8*TSOWWV(]



MFKJ4-


MG7HFB[[B;)EPLL& B:0_=_5/9 7H1IW!8G8ZXI]
(FK59)Z3EOTPAJ+IBBF1
MFKTKV;;@D)7;



M*Q(


\4'30=-+]7T+)@




MD[

)&8AC%;_MDI[.[
[O2G]U-

++:^HVIVI^/C
M31E.H6RVP


ZUH7_2B_F

MWF

ML]%Q&TYO@Q?S P[XUL?]%A6LZ]K4G:0W:MG\I'$)C\:867ETA2,)(N:H4
M*Q7#O)O!=(K(F:Y*7
 %$%Q1_(]SC ^!P\H6L%%B(RD6L*52+;3)










*;^QV

CB9
M=(\/QX-)IS?I]

M

X&D[.VD?M



G)Q3N8\'^D^:JR)(K%04?RG VH\CK%H__ SY7][6@&)[;28C'/\4'


%U3^$DC@:'QUB3:3CI]8\.3P\/
MCT;PU?BP?79+-]+ADQ







M2H

9CY(!'H_99MS\^.4$(W-'X
M='1VTAMU^MW3[G!P/#B]G
X%R HR
\#)7(CFH*TB?

/


M.^X
LAG.4: 7?GC(8K=.QCGQ[D*SO/XG-2;4O!X#7\


+[)\C_H=SF0#$MF
MPE;T+;- I=.LRN'X@4*W@

M'A=!/TVK
('A+;.\Q J/L/


M:ZK_X

M
\YCV-EU


R^!



$?H#Q

3#8)UG:.U6*E




M[C&DKHK%;PIBEDE(C IT^






(/53=[Q(-+
M-

MU=(()%Z%5L \$H1HG$^K!3P0W:GX6GR?^

^=L#/7 /L;PH

-PTT\NHRCXUR3P&1+(L$.KX.5G$Y


IN_Y_H_B
LA!D$;-.G$&WL
M&J=897D2P:(KARB*



.
4X[\YIV!Y






G#?EDB/%E' 9\2XXB/K+XC4Z]

V:YLRJG (M&4UO$6P6$G?ST9?,,FZMP^_A0%.
&-)Z38^
M+7Q)P^)PK[?:^MBA3K

L.8'KZ+VH=

$@@26^2%
MD69EF%_BD6QIH.R^QB^54@- $KZ]W(%EF)?2& ^5KC6JXQ14HYW6[(%3L1F*


9)0
MR+&K;Y3*O

ABFO8'1T.F#

W6V1@
M[[/MO'3WI.&^*7-!TPDWI<V#\\@< V8



%L0JJCFFM=NC40B











MSS7P0J


0&2PVG4(EQQ#

M&]T_GYKPT$^S] 4:P7_C569A@N.,^! XJ\'_?_O1\BIQ&P&Z'O&U?8'9PE

MCK!




)&K-+-GM_X782



M!


N VBD;(%9GUHY#NF2H<PW19I3UJ_L6R5$*@Z
MEH[@4PI(+:@RWLR-0!0FR/$-]%J4X3+AX(J8'.92G4CFW+$EP$5Y.Z#D+Z4/

M.EK.82GNT[+H'M^/TM*@B36PIZ^?V/TK7GO_U*-RM*6FN*+6D$QA#
(X5
FG

VV-;^.
M&[BFC@K78M\T4\^EU!#!C5W_L'9'L\^(ES!GJ#A:X!=%_B2%O_U6P1E? 7



M01C)@(

M-3SV#LLS?LC6X8T-: Y-ZT-H2*+Y#/(D/)7[#N=Q#BP]RV\\$Z+ONUS6
 FC
MFR^L97'(_QT^ARIO+$5AK+S490%J*!YV$U@YHKFX-9U &PHII5.+54=_;42&
M%&$UY93*-(J=#'RJ)DU#84!Z0=%HV?
Q
UD
M%M246O
01#RQ7WX_2Q1(3*L;.HH-*)%DQ7@OX\5P;A6]LW:O^/P+YILT+^_E
M5E^A
VWQ7S!H$-R*8IJS&
^8ANO9(*+4VT]P@)(C;7;(\@VO3H9N(50 ^:&.



]X\=U?JPM
M*\6
1M(UZA:!C5
+BE

HT!Z(<QE)=965[
M_SV

*TYA1@!=XN0T_.)

ZU@O[7C4=RJ
(!7:80CT*7)Z(WW%]@:

MPEUESW+[UB;!99X*^T:#^8,,2F$7!=.C4$*.JC#.:4=&U9A3JNS\U8W(L[

3OS@A$


H4&

4%HOTKV2XE)+


U(3=_BA.SC =Y? 5DLF


I7VB&I.]!AI6=J6[T:CI
M/*5F-FA




?- 0']
M&X.B%&K.

M_$U=




^]F!3M]#0B<*\^!#Z
M_2EH]@2Y=0(UCI/%:4Q2#_KPT+&(Y\LW[[XL7_R
OCP58:H#/C@W4Y.&$P)M

Q1I2=I

MU



M8M%#J#\V1_1DFW(LX)KK1H-]%!=5ODQ@A.X$:3

M!&_U39EGYU%8NS.166




MNXK[Q[YI&BZDTIFP72Z8+(N[P8
/X8'(
W21M
BIDB;
02-(#;9!5HV2GK]N


EN6G8/
:YP<R0!

MYTSS=5$2
 *^.0C@$OD1FQF)GU0DL;V1VD20\6NL$%/&4/=%\-O'S*D0'MB
/P7P=D8Y.N*)4/AT$/\O76LA0BX*4]553L5ZW8Y763=A97-?W,H]R
MGT!Q$W9P4X@]PCII=XSZOK?[C \H\-@%9F[/1ZPUQ:<QJ0W;3BA6#A;2U



MJ?/# *


M;(!G9J9QF:.?797SHWD\0R6\ZQ8SM%QZCS@@)X(M_E[?1#@A=O?V@YM[PX


=Z




8;.93JF[

DQ#U#IX
VE(2WDSXA)J5&;3D






MM06
I]3!%
9&J7$$/?3ZGVYKEM823%$KR*94 BJG76J9[NS3*L_Q(+:L/PY!

MV$=M+7




[\(X*5@9T(SA@:SI6


HQ9:V&M)
M8*&PDC]G*^1+H+G


8HR0R3Y&

VKV*4XN
#(FAL\ V;8P+

M-31]17VGHHCK!06&VG*G


HC2+!34@IF1E;)7#/7]*.#+[


MNDYRE9RT3GZY8L'(]L%%&
MB;?]#91 VN)
]UEF#)-NN=NLJ2:J%

MPSI

'5J

9)LG


*NHPIP.M

[[<. :V/A17-
99


M.)C:I=&\VH@VN4T



M+ONUW+;35^B
@;L
KX !HM5#T3[6Z;4OJ30ZCI. Q.4BO0(47#3@L7Z8] [
MQ^E5G&=ZU]ZP#&?+$N8&\DSJH^P* K%XZW3OO#FPZR$3A+I$)O*)D\VQ%

Z4R;HU TK\]!

EPE!)8#NSE+6@J$.T 



V?+)$I
M-^\DT?0[.6?ULFDY9]5[C:-MR'/P*M82;S'\1IR_PE5HF18@CU& :0.)P0#&
M*D:U=+:ND6:+RMY9/((3S79J[;'.RQR#Z-MYRS2APF(!UQS2ZY<1L-!*;Q?<
M)G@VO2$U#O0%[%IPKC&[SE#\]WOIF_-XQEB(;=X35KL(ADA/ 3WJBMB(;GK%
M.R95$/$(PIEWF L&;B.=;XH,A;M'&60Q@ZX9D^4A'!76IPXC$4(F@CKUZEWJ
M;F_XE!5Y2I##(#C+ % M/5&#%.&3AN/0+VE.%V;05Q(X:2B,-!41:SWQP
MML
W]WG[OL-Z2*'DTUTH^1&&DIN
96V6/0)=O4]\4==&9C9XV&E154IB?/#'
MJ6#KHEJ5RNX15;4T5BA=#S=[7U+G40S$4'X'IR]&2CRHP@MM
II]5NRV2W$4

M-
2

;(6K%'/@]'V9G4B8'@]T%^/ZH$^$$R])VQ!?AC@:
MP**BI]EROQ\4F

M]%Y$/^@3Z#S4/+#/N7:=L\


M5!JK*(#V3-6$
MV7$.8[2ITFX:GI-^/]\ZIL([

DP
MVK+&R3W


MS#AAVNIB\%V8&P9N1#&$J*^9:BY#%K26_/0S1D-GJ=8.W6?B72&5+:;Z
M2[I\O:W



#^&

M%P9)5Y




M\:=O(NZ=VOZX-_\K&/UK=?F




'/8D4LN(W;.7R*H$G.;KA4;!.



9.9&[:[QB(.%OHGJQO3
U
M:7U)19LH#9GK(+Y*@-UD




MG

M-6SOPW2^4G'YA\KWWX155
6EW\L0NY]
#YFL:0C3E^*&  WIJ 6]6^
(!:

_C_1OS3Y2@^DFDGC0PO2U1



V J
M6-02F$B64:J//L]_IBIR?Z=I$\-1X)&ZG;EDG[7]4#4A!FJGZ2H/:RNWX $
M/Y*GO2&189M/A4BEJD6D_L^MZO*@6.+.3D2]I%(A-Q


!QR4V_D5

_T%SJY:







MGM-RWFB?
H4$.3G/.C4ZDY[EUO]
MY^=6WT/4J/$H-;B=32)'W9\-DXJIP)(C]D#\Q%3^UND<*@TQ$CSP]L3+FUHU
MQM5T&YZ<EU4(6E$)(N9U/-.YWK%8D!?J$CN).4J0)]#H1(] 7&$EE8!5E8]9
M!1(,!O2S-%;DH(K))<]IAV!RCHSZ65%!LB$.ZE*Y5B$\/4R-+.Q'L# 8C+/
ME-]N ];-






ME

M)QD].3F1,K375:YBEKY#4P
.86CISF2!X+LG$VIZB=%330;6X5;W:^V80.
M%#

EGA
9V
M(B;Q)D;F!SQVD^.@TSO+\KD*(V$S;RAN_TU8*

M?M%DJVV'049\!)VMU$7-ET03'W-N.YEK;$%L;M.N6F?;2J*&09ZM4K1D/X8)


MU2



M:7G5HZQ#]A=U79!;#K\NF?]'0(;K!L.-^(%(BM@(T



!9UW ##/?0\%MA2




FX8X-7Z2

-^\IEJ$OC


M?T=J2O##0O=(G*Z]L^(E$+LX8(G52S!$&JZW-!?$&@8IM1/7'-UA6A=Q-JOH

56FYH%XJE&FT@#7S[[9G
MT)7PUT9?GNZ9?.?;CD:@&JWK0FWQ[]6Y
^DO?

M5)/#A5IGTNI/3@WVS^4^Q#0
SQFT405'5U5M1D!L'Y'#0,])-UY'^EG%





16[.&Z5&B%


R7GY)R&4VB$@#(NMNPXAK:1)QG*#F
MO)6@EP(-LY8KS+8V?^]DZ\/#C!C5''(I%0[9+RL$\!6\EA=5\DFV-O9
V93.


9(G


MHA3AQZ14..AI.)
H72

2*/LGXH B!LHARL FSB

#
7QRU'
M;-5EI91JX$ 3IO
T2[)+$Z::Q[/227!?FZ10Q]K0KD94TO91Y^(HF48-H%L=


RK&SNR44FCP8?&DO5@&30L:&H4W1ID(L*'
#'

MW:(B9ZB:AZA
.FDT# 9





AL^8+]HA9I.9


VIJ(P#[,=4;XMC_&=C4YS%)XU E'9_
M3W1=6.
!%

38T^BM(@J[/1;VIPD)#C!#M,,_<,@RG$6M'];EL@15&2;</'FTKBW$2F


FH%
L#SXG$'AW/'!X-BDY2_V).U]MH/=6 &:HW
M_N1&&^1ARA)&.X0F,W=H)1W[^9V6ZO76E7CDNZZOY!V'=N7_K.?:F;$+H:


IF\N


$






0


 ?@




]!#2 E$S4!I.LB$IV;(
M5 W!@:!3#BO%NK\C*8(-;(?+JP,%,;*A8+#$&]X*J99DN4__J7;P_\'$^?V

L/*
M7K(V5I7&XW:A*+U%6PO1C6W7&@S_CA;


ME@*7IZH(F
Z/0#%+%P:/2+DRC @FU#)PAZR


'
MDT3J7!*V&F5;2S



M-70&27




MO=;DB0(I+[M=EK8R-[EXU6-D9L9:QBFL
I2-?6F#7L$[0R2GPI8UA6TXO#
MED:BI7%4.@^NXM?!

MLEQ


MY+0;EU(^K4ZODH[E==+$UH%2/\M/NM;KB)E?%?K5'U@R[@

M2]HH+I;8MHFDR ;%;.G8Y@IID
04K=09




3$@:NR/C]NJ3
MT<8(&M:S.AF3:PN5HR%D3,YHPUC4HC_.'6^59^Q9/GP0U.2^-']FN[:@MUZ

0C6BTEZF_:IZRY
MD0YP


[A+ZUU2J#19-L6M0T$
M]AYSG4M\3^WYD4)YRY*7LW0I-






M4\._+3)L8FZ Y/? D


JOM!.JIN/(N
MHW+=UP&NM]




M-.D%YW
%NK83Z=!%

%^PO%4Z)
M1
ST10DU38J.;@]CNGUXC]3/


- J!(.Q1:!^/]Q(7XG6J[SM::
M9Y%1)MS447Q:1IY2_V]TSVI'




9]P<HMVI&@8
*&CR6

MJ:+VS7=]VWKSCXGIS
B;9P$=*?1G99Y.?[[]##4N9Q;!
]#NH/AB3K7:WAPU


_\F2 \L4UN6D;[Q 0TZB(1?FPYJI&'CEW-N%





L-Y^0

M!-MU)1R
K4 %

M5G$?3BDI1S9P50G*6'H1! )[1DYRVJ2W'PK:]*(+IK_4,\S+$_SYB*]4T89
M_2KO_T]@U;S,%T-Z6Z0N7QRAKTK#,JE7=,N8QH7,'8/SSW4BU]+M3SJ;(30


E%B@W:4FYE

MHZ J*:;_NV555.[NS3OJY-[GTOM#!# 6Z97R&V;B_9O=5^MB#+K(!T'*$N_J


MV13E3)!P \5FJ::;8Q5Q9?F
9J'
E'UU%;$:%FXPZ9D:



-0U:$RA
M^*:\AW@['XRO7E6UBC(_B_A0.2*^(KL:$L$5PX!CUJ5
]T/V


#N#'I7[&/WK$@ W_6T)P\:EOE&$P/0J7._*_<_1?%9F ^,[!V-RV4M [8
MEQJNS]4UV*F1/((92;3JB7I]ER\)YC7+9IUD97LXX.1+
$VY'1URA]ZP24
M11Y4KQRRIM9TLU6
]K)4BN8!EZ29 E@N#H[
NGT@N(S:9GU+':5&S-MDZL.








M-#TI\DU*C_'1524'DWG/N.;#+;&1& \M -6A;9+:#YXY0R$K#]NXW 8\#/

ME)T:9JY]IM^0Q#*;SV96


L&
LVPJ@Q8VEE





;HY8_KM+PULUB!,.0N,LJB
MC@7RK.3;E90N=-]53.\D4




M



M[Q#F)F@%^!-+M#T1W;Q_*Z'^^J?/B!]IE)OWT@][0\%JNK]BFOL=2LMFH'


$73$.C?)P_X'DO5:K9
MM0BG2T22PTFN_.TEE:5(4HQKU2Q )PC-]F 9*FL)'^H*ICQ2<QH
@(ZCOQT
MY=D$#2S+9Z%$$%EN(9T4Y

4[13YG8M]&1RC


!;CQ([Z]:$#!XD)@M$S=MR@PI:??F^


6$B4:B5ERZ%)H$!^M6B_B-]2K

M




7/BD%4&V CZL]90[JH0Q%B9PO E0?FZ=!E
MN7(RY3
UPD94P

M0O3ANC6462R

@?(K-_M1YJM'8LG$;Q54PW
C=46HDN/W+F
M^1@YP P'MZ!:A!M*QL$;S#3BO6F
L-.\




33'L4*_@^M8EBP@ 1

%*.*(4?UH@HU;*C3ZUUQ0)

MN#K[XI#1*=!&S-LS9EU ZH


)@^U?T*C+I
+TV]Z1?J:KF$?Q!&3+FBTOZE=.%H7L;.

*ED9?8?Y8/0%JC+X-EI(R
AW8XZ6Y.3@YU _I8

&)

M67]%*6PX.]/
'S0/


M8
],8IB0',DX$3Y5 2C(<^8A!LEMO*:K?#7:P3CZ$5
M.N(=/*#7+M=L9HIF$?-4F2Z?*'R5^QMLL2KP0J+79*;(KR2C!.8
H)@ /2X
M4?09]MK;I


MF[1=S$VZ\W


=F %;99E?JFJ



M!/HRRF(SFZQOU$P252?2 8HQ.SR!$=%2Q[7O^H&HXO*K ]-8K94C$I9INW.P

J







M##H=:DW ]

\Q&Z-E73*
YW?)+[(WT1QL-=PU R&W]S=K%#I*@;#E.(


M2)\@W)F)&ZZ#CP66Y




8+7N




#[F!P<3GL3]Y,1OVK]]W.I'/Q[GW_JG=Y9J*H7BI6.KX
MY



M@^_


MM*T







MLY M



J&@JQ^;)@4!;OBV!6#<<[N+\4)Q:Y3$;A\PR@H*]'+ZN^H53)^+_\I
 ^LOGN:\KMC/1^[Z!
:K8KK
M

M&/W53Q( G^\ZT72Z65
W'NR5^-5?P:?!+ND..VZGTW$2?!8+D)P8WBPQY1(
M\:@KI& 31GQ=^]BCSL_)]EXO,\6BVQ#]+_R=-=
N@GD0Y4T
\0B&7.W_JRD
M
U;SCC/
\UH$OKB1*X)S
9L=P2IZ
Q#!= %$:+S%5.QM3AF$?2RH 1^+^Q+-

M%\




+%(^1Z1IMTBLV]8H8^^^#D]+#;.


L&$)@ 04/=Q\=DR:S9AQ


7W3?U8O<A;%*-0/,!!EJKX^7?WQV/GRX1[*
W@Y'DW?O



M$X@()T=Y$CZSL?0EC&X#

)P=$ ?ILX +[



M
U88W2^

M1Z^]._:

&9;E:;@+/#
,T13QLRBIAGRFFB_&A.'<NPSL5Z)D)
M_(P?L@XA#W1V/&[] #W\6506GVH$[9!G'KZ_F7E.X-VZ&'?R.)*&,898Z*@/
M<NAO'P9*<8-7P##6\#YGLV;U/@1I T*(0ZTR1I8+X^Z(H^V,WQ?OS<E*9$%
M7&

/C%




M0.Q;@6C5HEV=O(:=GMOO62G0L!-1OQ08E$F!G;W/;/W _?4#CS
UGZ)^@*@&




+[^^*9?4)_<YO_:P['=82E7Z

M:2)8_5H]4C+XX*&A1C/ZK
-;[CG\[J[;TK@AM\[B2R(?(



*\P

QBN(?0=?X1#]^
M?.D



_\




YCUP1YV1.QATU$X@9K[O

%%
MQ[V FRX/%1I@KSC (U#/D)'61) TE?8\6&;(U3!Q2,')O9\@C592_/$2OO

C


XK?

WHS?C

MS](8Z9.0=2/O-0_S6R_UCD#8?(.L$*&=J
EE7/B[NA6:/3A0_N8I3F^$[ Z:
L%=XI


2YH






V1C-
M



JDJ'8JA-B#X0]$.I #-Q.KXKA
M8P^$/1M/! =MW=A#X0]$/9 Z 


=DRMDG?7XLGB:6=)Y#'A
MZ62?=I6D1$]ZVXX 7=#64OWZ^4I7],W@<;SCM1O)\&OV:3P;-O0L;FK9H

MOA'C

06$%H\U2G2


4KY?


MW!(PMTES:%W +XIFMW[ /2W\



AA628=MGG/58K-]V.S5V\3+8M-B

SX=L#8#

MY;C2O7&$OB8;*CT)C%/V9*6


MTO'2-/:O-ZF'7+QIY(11B'+. HS*[UPU3$(DFYV68L9D*LZ*.[/F=]2*WS
M(9789MU*!FE3G4H6H


=B+F(13H63
M++U8./!J'S _XUAIE




[G;Z_QPH/$\[HW&IW
GJP
MHO7S0Q )_+/YN#*5UZ0@V&WPY*%^FG(@CD7W\^ZYS1SS#
J?JY9):?_95(




#RNE4#;.*VI/
MF#UAC3QAG?.)[=)G3Y@]80<[8</S;B5^(7O[ FS)^PA
QJTY0YK5^Q\IW=I

I%/K_V %4.L%D)4WV_D*%V54&H=;DF;RYUK9
M8&6#E0TU95I8V6!E@Y4-[98-PVKQ#2L;K&RPLJ'ULJ'[M!Z+9LJ&=N7&\(_X
M\4?S2LS\8).*F0W.'%UPIC1;YMA*(RW(F@TRBRF+*8LIBRF+*8LIBZGF8^J$
M\U\LU<2I51_5E;+2X'*D.I-.+-6$/<9-/,;M.[5$-5$I!-.X(D)[PNP):^0)
MZYR/*_51M?



MLJ'=LF%XWNE:V6!E@Y4-5C;4E3_6

Q#3P8C';
M(I@XS2#
\.+71F#Y@]8/: T0$;C%MUP$XF<_!?9$N+V2L/YN<5
KI?76N@B&+_4Q1^=PGICNH.L.)CVW5V_9
M?\5Y/O<=; %?]R(\P3TVZ+B3B[$[J6:0-:[HUV*TG1CM7PS=X<2JUB
-A2C
M_8D['@S=;J76M!:C%J//J]RBE.V[%Z
N2-E*L8\CTV7;E@#Q:*O6]M@XUJK4
MVNW0QEXR%FG/KM8 L$:=OCL:'U49M 76
0K!S9=9V2I:RP:@76V.WU+MS!
MJ$J;:@LLZQ=P!J?M4?NY.+HY)89.C\G5@QU.]KV57Z#[]3_5PRNZD(4Q$7
M9A_XH7BU9 6VV^O\4
[?0K\






M0S;.B6CAVC:X(CK'HTJML2PZ+3J? )V=D67/LNAL)CH'[FA4A03%HM.B\RG0

MLABK



MIZ[CA]-@

5:G

MF+(8E]NI9.
U5N!;C#VW^+YP^[8^T4*J3DB-W/[PJ HU+*2. %(#2R1L(57K







MR#
L(MN#R&XK$%DMBM1MKFGW;D:=%'[W ^=C'
TVT[2*A=?V\];$8U5BKTTJ

M8
OC5ZS


Q\$=J@TI'X2TILM6ZU
MV&UC9;R%U?.D -C8I$71WBCJ5;KX+8HLBDP4=2N9



MM]
2 =FVF-9[''P OXBM:^8H7#-E


Z5K*VIMK/]MK(6V(

MWGOQ3



M3@ZN1;P6Z89$EIB#EAM.A9. Y$.%=I


*F3;CV_)D#FP7R-YPE



YFP;JO##U7X&BL2&<&RBSPGU/X3YHH'#_$#K*
M2B+C-1#.K4I=F] \$2;V+F*O?_#8^/UGG3URIO&HZIB$DHHFZY]$$ S*-X



MNCCOH_@6_NG\
_SINUZ=HE1&'1)&Z/8
SO04^(

:X*)KM Z


M00EV+9RC-5G]3 CIHK/J%BP._-]8+)1)



=]#1
M2'($=ZCIHH[
K@0_R1WULQJ%WB?6K(L ?326SN3V;58K6*W_PFR5X0C@6B6E


09=Z4XP&'?@]O3Y<N
;BZUH%')KC& _Y[)J9^PKX1


M(

 0:AWYQM
MYVZ


%XP]#%!;D6CP4\?.@R\;U7'SV

X;)A

RLH!CE-2$N3

1
M37V2XV0_!WC1IM&T
!+#9











6'5TAZX(!]X8N@\=V4.2$_ZS\=0#M,0H.@IW1^R+,U)/
M81&%L;9K+9=,=<AXE<P*V$J2V!+[K! ]: */3@]8B BLS_627!O*BYQ5!,.1
M4Z^A4=K_OA=22K FF0P)5?\CG54=/E@7
VX*CC$*)U44L0D8'BRLDYN:KP
MT 



M7#M:N?Z8!QJC1@M8J$GZ)]@^P P](86 0;(JTE%K_^Z6_?]7JCUY'ST=L$



E2[\S[+Q;(6\ENE$+T1FJD Z;D]KD&KF$EV!I

MAN73MHGAZX#
.)7F'2DPH
\XLXTN@\]T7_RID*25/S*HHCP@E?+Q'C]K(FW+


!YPVIZ=,[YYV*S?Z!$NV1(*D[,2T[MK73]?[Y&7BKJBAM 65




M\\_S3^?.#$#MQ6[VP+O=M3DZCR!Q5AM*%M(+H[*@C6?RS9MYBBBLXG7$9I(
MVOQ@*(K9*P^-T(4HK+\NBU%K -OK1[.D9G+K( QLP-0SAM7B$K0XBP*80P3
5+23,7=E-'.8 0X#!OL[
M-!6P,MDCL82J(#K6/[-#?<5Y64Q9)V.+4G:PZS^CVMYJHQ_; .WV5D+(YNU

MO8+/K



MTATC ]0BMP5* 83?)HW0QT+J%)R!!7DY




B/


S


MH>/#HA.(54\.]YN'1N
M)U=OK_'T+FI8&YVS],H!158/]%(D4:MRJH)J 8K=U7J,I!M%K]-W;4Z];0
M! C4W!FY8J5A74:@[


MH9RKQ=TF?7&SHD
J?U7YV3O(=_;-X3I
K%[9DL0W$


M*S^E
M/]EC!&JQV+A\R(IY

M+9

M_
%X(#;K0$E8+S0/!8L\ZE
RR(0COBNS[
CD8\H0
S?9R%J&!7BS!/%V2)_D

MRND&H%3%0

MJW6GK






M&7O0N5./**Y^%QBX'79KE!^X0B 87'-!#B40NIV#2(3\8_

M%@7&7-]M8A@)#)#*)A2XON_EEC&+W*?
S:[!G*5]J!.4E!GD535S:&:BFR


MZU?:MKS(E7D
Y\
@NLEGQH;[J\S=&FS9_6Z\&KP933H#4D-C&A)Y!;CR1HB(




M-8FO#W\^Z_;Q



G[L
MW

G+$S\D

]U


M%B_R4Z\K99:BRH+#PM/!L
S[9Y$FS!RM


M83I5\ZU$





_@@GS1&[G];I5\UF].- /H/E

MO;8?4WLJ[:D\LE

MM3!]]KMC7+&.L(FHM \4A.W&&W2LG]\8#P9'R4-7!BM-F0:F?95)FZ@P7J

MAWWDE

M/)RH-


M1W
_=5X$\
/+*@0K)^'-^!;S2IL7X60GWE9?5OV;?7#);2GR+#R/$)YM\YWN


M4!90NP#5J:(/-/_:?U+=M(8)MX7VPMH$QV83E*@MR ?5J=0G\9B*DDHF;FON


@Q:3[M/QJ


%LTGQ:*S5!
M/'XT/ZOCJ(8YM86)Y92$0Q-E0&D0MDH
MHE'WWJJ6H%1E##64V4A^-P0K
*7

MW].EY9C[UMG
E?%NU^



$E3E





5_)!
:3XD1S
MYPW\!18\RP#UML[/KCVKA/C^[F+I /RDK[OAW #\L_F\(H7GE!3NIV.WR1

M%Y6:-#JZHPGV^(JL4D@E39F:



- LV


M_9=UW]N3V==
KYF^H4S_LG
0SC
H]Q*&Z


IWF



\YCF


M1T-?]PL-\=:-'IKI-=

3M M<\OOR1GX^/[S][?1R1S^V%G^



-&UJVJPI

MQ*$Y)L6D/#+T
PZEMKI#TWK;:!W[1LOW

MY[L;&/9Y.D3/H


84X*]1.=QQ4DIK12!$=KV5#








A:P

;


M_@T4#H=SC001G)3]Y*.
P[MSX*0UQ/*6AZFY9@AO%1.:FCY#_F=FC =-/
MV7L%LB$[R!4 /)',]552,=0K2!D%R0T(2\67ZCU#?@L'\[0-NEY=V1[^;!/
M#YYAD%0V;'BQ \]Z$
O:0XF
+A+
%YR377)Y&6/C$&:6KE2_E_&1Z1?$WW I








F6C
,*SL8@O/73'3\K$OS'+I(_*=?P.
M=1UATYSQ0QOQ9V#$YU@9__6WV: _* 1 4SO+7A-LVP@6J_9:7[*G*_3.A9C;
M)&S;%D;YLJ5W_N_


M(K6N9S34JR(#5\N?ULL?+6ZRWY@.7W9@0#W;L+1HT*)!BX;
-T;#(HG\MHF&
M0D
*

## L!X$YBI
MTJU5@^*ZN34!JR.K

M#)+'5VI!@TD%AV




M.0LL)^JFUPU7$)R!X\+G8J !'(N'8V-P_@09KWA[#K\7\PX*OV?ZJIK;*_R4



*+


M5/O@VN&*QT;IO6?@OSSKWG(

:PH\ QD81()IN4+;QF%2





MHLV]!](WB@[9D):UF@P\R*3 33T9N)+)P^N\6[_17QZ$X5J5;^GN,B?]O)


M:N


M/)I[233H$1;

\511^E!'0PCG2/!FYYKY;_

M0

_=NF&2;X(%IC
])(02Q8C1&2X






\ZPG]+Q%8D%Z/
P[
M,.:S3L/<*6(O!SV3ENM0-1Z.9BD5N&8EL?!?D@J;'VR8+)<D*T-:SHOI
HB





9+8F@S%1S0Q@E2N)$&!\;PJ=6/<+#]/)TC[#3T![A
MEVD'.7U9<U5BO1+4RVK0<NOK,1KLGFJF'2S9-KP[*Q#.&@-W*; I*)Z*-DGL
MQT887#H;E'ES24?E^O0FWTO QV23-PH,9^R5[*RLR'H]46_S@0&1?%C3B$U5
M@&T10HZ--1MG?*JMK
T/DWM

M!BT'L_:T9Y:(D70&X^9'28J[^662E;'
@]T+XMR: ?Q%J HD15@-K=D;(J
MU4JUXHC0YYA6&@M/-I7G=&I%6)O$/#F8@I2'VIE3YP&\T+6W?CD1?%DP4?A#


#
M95MW$]M/7E,\32L-Q)<5/23MZ$=)PEQIR2BGV?7+(U O&YNPVNLA<5ITLB2










M

PVQWC9HJS955'

5U1?65W]N5S\K)1B-^9_WGALZ)AJ
MKO?V;_
YYXM%


UQK^:E?P0='I
C9WYJ;M8(]I6VE4X7C*[/5P
M6
IDMGV*O/1X8ELT622NHO<JNG/?G*Z0J&1-6;]\WTI4@*2T6Q

M@]V]L!M2H'BCJN5;.NO$*L&9!D/K +;(H,GP3R]46>SH%!4'RE





M//Q;-X1/W*S@_7/#H4NBB]M%()T




M4QC0*
]

-]S:)M5(7@5V\UTY1@$IJ#]5&\;@FD')H2KD

MV([ KH[DQ2\_NGF:8V'





2C+EZ
XCIS

9&A]G-^;'/





:0X=






-FHR
OOX@S^C['%.VBB66

MH1]96G(;

 


MQ1T.!M--:1VN(R^]EV


_Q43=(%;
H[/;


MLE3C T\6MTTI4!U^'U7GJ$-?HA*&I!)I$Q)\:=@+%0R\(Z$%Q1/X#TJ)@FU!
M%2^1Z0:[!M&:M=V:$ 7*



7/W/J%2$)F)@(KHB])
M:J:
_

I)V8GI2;-J)&=?;G0SDIA3


MI WD)_4^$A ](;&DI



 



MHVDBSTO;YIRETN;Y@QSIP5(JHA9








H\RH?E&:497.^D?7^Y
:



.F9Q1=2L6



#ZR5E\@^=Q9**5B
Z&I\[%N@DQ*<!V^1&@0N4)ATZ(A8W$FX;[S?
MC2.*INA(V/Y8H\ANCOA)M#04V_6W3@2=B_).LMTL5^DH
V##)C;RAZBW5V#)

MO'ITFIFTN2.N&CE]E9!EUT*FVD\U[S[

M[0%
8F6?13VR^

M







L/C3.6C48\R%]*5HLHF]^5P@!6L
M\D),2F1*C-J3XMB4E)TRC$;R6,E)6#H8&7X
@'?_*#3F1C4(^4C S$]H@

M=Q%S'YWX/'CJNYW
\S_)SWQPO74W^F/T2S'L0

MB4_(1]!

GW





M$(VR;IP&5*GIQG?IY\);'_0&13K2S_;&B^Q/@UAM[O!XN!^37J\5*#N:!34+
M-I0%96V19D/-AO5@P_9Q7;N8K%TA'W7RQHX\6(%ROB@
%ZZW'!

RG5-?<BAW1*M$Q

XMTTT%)H8L7]]RK=3+%1?'(#K[GC8'XQ+


8%5-;2
&@ZAA\','2(OR4%'Y:I)=X%K.;</WK84E

%U\ Z[PU.(1[C N2&P#C$)S861&&(.? Y1% T04*X'
M_W+XH]@]-^9+ 1N9MU*QW0U\SDVIL(N$



-LV@@\B3N(\O6.$A/5B&%J:(V'8*WJ'













J1IOE0L]'(0
M_W

-W4(AS)Q)35C) J/BSM*1@PHR9244(5[=3@.84D%4=)OD
Q !EZ753$N
M8@










J
M
GYUZIML$@EK'7%BGNR






M-'E?



37K_DUX)I

(*
M&_0&@^*5_



['

M2^S&NP1#*I?-$^651N7.B0
;967EN@3M
+LTL;:-6)$VS[E-XTAJ1)W1U!^N





MA
OP^3STNEB8^ZB./SB99_!!VS+=0H_@AF.66(!UQ4LH$A\4'[Y9S[GJSON
M18;]CL$]'^BP\A=S*SPXSK
X_Z:SP/K@=M/W7WR0\N
Y\J
09-D1G$6'8YF


%BRFQ6\9(X_XZ=N?
NX^@I
LK#F8.$\'T+CAP$D\&$
M]POV@!Z







MDW[
3K^L)%W\
LD;Y4#F'(

M5K:XME^\N+:I9*#Y(G



*H] TI9\\#X Y#O2[[(;Y0/M8

M6+(E4!_/U)GXW8WT5]27NC\==GQF'F4!ANF_2R]1]/?\Z@Z.]

C\7C6OYD-?Q[V

MXO&_0@N8*O0C4@9J)RK&0F-@)VXR49B'8GD.A@/\._ [R&%V2#)@93G6*EPQ
MAZ.H\H)E)_[57











M?





9B63_B;?E3YM)EA =O#G5N4
M68N35C+7TF6WW'NP

M[]YRQ/*

S2RPN-,[[Y(A;W2S2U5'#S!XV</..KSQM


Y
(5
MK841)JT$



MM2_[O7%Y3.%2IW'9'\Q*+Z$#M(.PZ6)H@
 QM_R4=^WF@*1$TP7FP+78&4+.

Z/Q^P+XA:O;MH[%F-_&XFPKF *R
)Q;2&!?Y'II_X\-[

MX1P[ &%5*Q!&AL.%)04?! YS+)SWPF[




&5ZS3_EQ+3YI469+#$85*36I<29*SQ<EU(<2KVM6.:!9\18LIK%.
M6OE5#;S]


&);#S;B(3UMIC;/2\@)EG=$P;P!



MS@



/
/Q



MK
V((+8)#5K(1WA6/


4.@$BWA-SGGKRLM?%$ O*O$0I]^RG+KN!ZT

MCYA1L
+1'7(

M
<AA1(78#FMC3TEO !%/R@7/@SZ-'RU4]2V7B0F ![AIIDWZ/UQ]8*YK;
M4,)PZG<'@Z2MXOG7DSJB] %UV!W9=6X\B)]^*6H:M;OSGJS$O-!8KKJ@'5]





M[OOJ/CR

M _UR\&D#6_C




)BG7
3NHTOU\_VF6
MS61-*DC='?TXR^2-OX50N?HAL&FT;-)FO 1L'1J3&=S00!.1FT;M7
429!

8O3%&$LO)*;V]]QF9.K
M_KCPD-H\*^4VFG5
L]1B-X2]_NZNK3D;#'O@7WZ0F=FY$2WG@PS_T#=H5/-:


HV4
\(X/75Z+488=V%S6H6VH:'4U:!/LD
?F3J:7F$NFDRU&K\X2]/#W^$(_B1<8?5FWV26DB
M/53


8/#ZU,7DE:QA&PYJPLX(<+(@8BR&4]9P$1XM


?(NM1*J_TSBBL
MC^8HTINHS5@:#_@L:3;C-K:G$QH3L%)=OSRCO&3
JM\9]RJHQ:UQ3**BOH51


1F1(K


J0

M0$X*F__Y(0SM^JTY-ZRVX_/LV285A%RHWNM%#XNJ0].AU48!+']?%@ .$U


AL[#



M^'@;!22J3
L]T'*M3


+$)6T.U&6+NVWI )VKS&HVGE;++Q-

-NR]=PJQ7/NTJJ+X?#H2H&<!/-
MLQ:WUG2FUWSK(U\HZ% 
2Z\ZGHZ?O:KIA46JN;OY67+1H5@%%6B2D)5-OG(

(2KR/] _5=0LCALU0Y5T@N[A!OP:/+7,OV.3<%)_D


49A,YCG\-.^SV/?L-
M20$?\]U8&W^X?CIQEJY(H;-+<C^$;)(M*!\_B1QC(@]<]<VV(W]X (?&/ L

JD


ML=H\\^=(#AT[C7HY2'CIJ SQ@D!RB2C\9'A@YK
/0-]64'MNSU-T[^/9.F43


\Q0+@Q;VF+Y4[ A!Q'!^+\(7J/=)'<A0) BT#\$OX^.J+BR


3N*=

M*

M[2$W*))+FT1S@-U!(8BW

MQ4Q1P6C

M$=K

M.W#?8L@

4?


0:Q7OI RD




M+\1U.GHCTD[P6Z2J]+-$D
-G2\/#1(%4K+YK-\*7_1R/WC
\1RCNW1*F'!K[

MXE%ANZM_FR V

9S]Z*




ISL:A\M

^[69_E7'6-2@7F6<R 'D_HQ3J
X*U1U.J]_O[VD


M[^W?YG/.%XMF6 X7[[YN]\0*L



M@W$KC%E-K&TC5G2T^JV@S;8Y6GLR/P3TIK

M(



M'B9'(V.*@_6-!^71^LK %2K#.T^%5ZB




-
.3^S86\LGP_1-!I3YAJ





I['JT3?B/&
^

U.K)#K$F85S'#W)WAN^&*6+7SF@AK!6([:S#3VF'K%=




]R068*

MDB6ME-/NL2\)'


/.E1Y9
 [K$':[=Y@_<5N]

BB1
X


10:R9

1AH8.^)FJB(FO$P2YC%

M2@SVUTJ

.*/UE 6

@@G

O%N,I2LZ%I4]/F\6ESN#&.3=.FILUZT&9_



-6DJ4FSEJ2I*5-39CTI4V/;:LJL)V6V

M6RL4!M/TI.FI0C=
DY




RY]'/.;O\;JVXS[[P1_;-71D;0N31
H/E


MLE_E0\4XOOC12^.!PY

1-(BG



'F


M@L_#BTG82X@A/F# E2$PS

MM^Q



)1Z[GVR-7&JY
M)*D2PT&A?YJ84;C'X!CS*?R;O1)S'Z.FB6]X?J<O]N8#TV8[C9\UHNG1K^I



M!CJL-T@2U!7 )$)_'*#3(


,QT6N%M1TK_^)NC%HLO@=/.^8_2PN?5X#.U1]2PX-D(C<@R?]
M'';AX#)WP!Q+KY\:J$S[S[


!IL!'



(_I9@[B=J28B.PIPX!+U!+I6G
MT_PH!&K.AK.




MUM2NHP[+P.I





FSF/I[P?T9%8K'9!;AND!'S2
V!\K^&9@'R8BV.62)/O*-I#
M[K!/*DM$SQJJ^S/TK8U8#
9W]O!86J0DM:KN+@Q_L= J/^
^J^=WIGU-56_L



A$5$@KF9
M^)8102TIQ@YE87%IOJ&R^AUPG
M!LO^3D1/B@7!:;)2
'3:LD,L_Z();FQI6Y.QDM3)F


M;F8QW
T-3T*O$2 &KSM/Z4

HVPXNT




U?X&JGJ_=PNH*

#BR5H\0)N1



@
MDPWP2) 3A
K (5)6=H!F$/%[;%7/EP@


*1HL;,82+*S,F4/O09%(AL7C'Y665%-GXH5KV+B&7Y\=6Q7G.2X(PIU?S
M6MO


$LHD0/4B**[!TK/*4Y^M!NRA2^BD$K[$U%
MT
_A1IF*)Y8IDFQ+M_J$TIX8H6T08VV1%6,09/5([&X^KHYO5*XC4LEG96
MZ:Y:U+ZXE_F6)8PG2




MC=?IY2-Z2.*P#I9@2=@!J&A_9R(;#\-3#UR-CTDZEC&M81Q&HK(@#N_S650M
5W6E&X*=1%1=9SA:OPDPCO#J-/
M ^LFLO_;+%-66[$





ZC80



C#(E/T:I$?/HMR+&CF9O
P

1RQ0\4+

MPI5! O*:HN!JL2Q7_Y:$%%*U-Q^%T7C'X RA'1E;91VR/W.5NP:HU'#F./0
M*R]*E^VJRF5%9F[)QU.MYBJRK*77MDBH*!=-ID214CA5-3
6D6F4BY* X&F





_Q F 1L


MO




%XE*&Y13J*OE7.
I=3/J%H5*
B<LNWV0
^@4_C6;0H)X071+A.ALNZ
M=DK/$TF.^$$D6_*7<)_2DK7+\IR@UPA[^(B:KGX&+\I3S$K0^<404V1MJJ^

M30







 **AL0W

8BZI5&1P!2J2BXFIK3QD!J3*?8OX475&$NP/C

[@(K&-'#*MX$:O)!7*\35D17\PUP)0^
(MI0 D^M)Q3K'@[
'2(_5S+&9PSF!8V<Q41H$$B:!8UK:'[J&'+DJYB70J51
MFY6!GJ%
7RGZ1






M7%



%5#:BHJU#WFI[)OVI0-

M$'J+_C:E$GD(C(

WP I5

W[I(02C.K_8^&DW'\$_8
MQS7!ZBGU)Y_D[*/\QT)'*%Q.!O\/M4]\??+'$Z-]HH[F%G\6R^'OL+W_^$5^

M_-0H2*7]3J?_6^LLEEZU2.0H=^*MNG6O_JK_#[MD]-'A0)D)
D5;F\_.;HC@



B_
0EN'B*6'
M]?(NAM_OXJ[7

MLXM=QPG1



MFP
-A^W#S1T5AS4

L+L



MHBM9UZ06#.:RUDJM7^*EA95G8WEF;=OQ&9\T0S-C[F1O
O[='RS/&59H/]&S
NV=/Q9DV#J4?:
M3SE09^U'8?N:A*90KK\<NFUJ0%9TWRD+Y%TBL.4MRL+%\L3;RTO+ZP2AD+N
MU3\HKQ1-ST2WK:*E/&_6-ZU

\@C/E!6X\S6[



MF/KW


M*3[O4J!/QO!OO!W#E#I-4?L([.:0WJ(F@HVK089
'W@;VW)VBE11YKJ&R==5
M8($WP:3V


!SQF:8= (4&\XJVSOOC


MVW%#_]XU-Y^A73M50R+?F789P??##


M(W[@;IHB?+-LK3@DEF'D
B$[3HKGX-BQBCFB+<+O K


PX@W_E0B

_^(+;++VOM @^69^;^

MKZVBG1-0'()!URN=K\I8I;W'[#JJ&PB_2E^ZF
J]K1\)%V.*16AOH5?S@EM+
M^*:Y1[I5


E:MQ



MF7=:UN)^#=13+%8ZI

3RY8$Y
MO(G20*@GC^*Z56*





SZ121Y%=?/FTD'[937-Z]L4)S:P!_5RG]E+C$-


M2H+D^Z98JL@B16.1/WV8I1.19G!#[OG*


4:PI$NK/BD


MSLT8+MOIU:JRH50KM&!)PNV&#^9S*\M/*G4
3Y'BDDS]8Z1!GDFW71*L4QUY

M

JN/
MPQ]_%FXA@(DZZ=K%^JF K55=$;RWHE18
L]$^0S:CU%4/=@B3!H6T7-#H;

M
B[)H*U/&22'+$8+(Y2=

M-\\0T50C#__2'4?L1NO_9


)]#?


HQ7B1
.=

!DZP'+V49;4F))VJ3
M6G/D43
U&

ML52E::FR4F0G/8O
5@;-D(
F?T*914%?R\([=I]2(M8V':GS:*;DX=UFY+L9

MI
?B%$E)6

*^AP=
&8(_R*6U\
@.Q-E0S &^B

K:%?::(0JY9D 32:H4NJTFF$:\M1]O-#/+

VC0IEZ#Q+03^XXZXTV5(#RP%HAT)\ _O!-S;
2&AISXWOF])
MQ6*I9R8!1[=33#5F_1$1:]0[P#K5+%OTUW


M.U&%2

 .
MU^D!_P I-VWM5W0Y=]KC+Y1RG*1H#JA
M9/H:3VQ)-MF*@I48& S_'R(S%UNOP4L %S269:FHJ


I]J8K

 -X[HO:W0P+;]A-S$^340?T






XIWYU;E


M&6PJ&G ^R_





7S[WG[('Y#

M*^5Y(]05.=38V8%'

5\2


M@0PFKUI

KJRC;EH6RHD)M UI65&AKG@V'4@RLHX@H@I!SQ5@$#N\
M
3EN(B+(0AD@]&:)[#G'VQ?Q[[2TJN 8
?ABW
(]S#(^4H
TSC#**#VD3-*H

ML.)-KAPH_O6=]9Q#+;E&)!F).@B

MJ]SYW)K^D
O+I[
:T@07

MCRXDC%6RB0!\XCQM(6 \GIZQ:$

MXC*[@[T8$;U4Y'$'*_B0?]!D$8RFUK]HGS^?'U*.RPY6\)7=:_^79J#DRW^]



?S6(</<GBK%1Z0



MP/'UMF



/)_H)_0R/'\J?YZ?NXZ6U+/X2JZ UF%:4\7Z5V8
M_*(MWM@4P&(ZDF^XCT;3\4<;.Z;B,J<C_*/XQP?Z:.7CH-9-HV$8\J'=:T&
MC'+]* P_FC9_Z^8T%
Y!N]C'\E7O'






MY6J7/4L.%L 4_O*![7I\N/%XT6-%I4UQ'$ZY6=5)APS:;W^!#UM4 18[(G


:3)/GO2'

MNO*@O55)U:M7T02Q+J7

M?/SP01& 'X)L.
99!A_8Z#;


\?IB;X_6OP'PS,0:9JDB*MN^P#K+4956(22)4]P(
/=]?MW]OMW412]Q\==

)J(@


=:X'BD+^0#OGS-

M%%MPW[ANHV




M%@+Z4#0%J*4M_^7\2XHS;+4N-N(A\*//!Z
[L
00QLCU(CX]AX]\6_2J+RR.



MRW+LD\+M&L ^2E?!_ZWZ2LC)FXQFT;3TS.9K/.).).-L\)#2









(9UW(
77'





BQ
MXF,34ME)<I^Y46!WY2KJ X*0H\;'2Z!#8.^%/.:U0+*^6=$A@^13*7Y5H%P'
M)%\E;8^ZD-=G[&E-LMZ.C'1O78#]K_]B%VYV/F 4.BH(79Y.O)FIOACT**F
M*3^FZ%4_NZCP/1K^5K^\\1\QAI^46O8WF0*WC$7[AXU%VSAE='IZ?-X6W


M]W!!3XTYHJY5]A.I@
4@'$9Q;3TI]\+

%R)R6
M#93(W9;0


MG(J.

H\7#A?KY7




&0O8!0D01JNX#7ABV]2$T



9OQFH<Z.;F;7[#?16;GW?8:]QX6^YS;FTD[YM:
(
6*2#&
HYN;


MD\I;==T#:0^GF




MY?







H02RI;])2Z5^*B
M;NE

;(*9
M34'76\?

M'(O??/Y\_I;XEOT\M0SC)TZ?




X!/TP5J/H7;-AN$

MYEJ8


MY0BGHD9$93





M)E_!U


P
MNZ5^R*]*@\

M\HBO^A$CS9E
P=R[1@-O-GFC@=DWSY@]-IJ1_V:YM^(EED%- C%W
?NQ-S+B





MFR)[4M==H^O+'
]9?GH;AI./979GP6M!
KH03G#A'#RI9HQ^
G7#_:O]#_&


MW?9 FLNV

VK$!*_EZWLR*S[\![_@I*_DNP^O$X








-=!U3#E63W&Z5;JQ/

?]%W?[71\PVGKMCWH%_YGTW
'
M!^!_?AU$L+=9

(KPD(=ED-ZYM6MV
[KJ][OF/[@1D
; D([4['?'V_




=LFYUVMQW(D)_5[^E[T+;C97&V
;2H=N

M58./^T#P;\N'8NIVV8(T\(/ 
W33-S&7S;4[IFW(BCS?7'5HX7(?BK^_/I3V


&UP
M[1AB^&MSO=)DP6WW[9X-?^BU+=T:P(]6
8?:\?Q#\+J_ CHTX- PZ&PU..


I953






V.[_5MPS#:[7;/


MN

MQQ\-_\RQ#-/YCU^NTVS$

MU!*ZX6L28&)

6WU=&&


MK[
[^
KPT
@4%H]:;)2(W 54HJ] ([AD

RSQ:.;\7];R0][N'/[#2]
MN<F1#6<)*H&X3J380BZ@V! UC]&B:*@_IWFNE(PB59QG*]Y#X'N6;6/3_5-C
M;NGTWW%6:OW[/0Z8^'WT_ &7OHQC._#AQQ9:9R)58=THWG7;AN6X;B.T^\Y

MUF3U+$




3P$WO4'7#3R]K[NVXPYZG:#;'P2.9YFV
MZ[8[8!8,3DU5<SXZJJ^ =@G5G VH- (=DM,QT_Z/A5FN]8$M1EJ/#2F0Q:G$
M,EH:QL[HOQZ9G_/=L
9!\P9EA%802\86.Z@[0PZ[4Y/]VS/
3NFWNE[;1\Y
MPWZKG-%-[R89&[


'HOD+-F+LCOSE
M7]





M$M)/8F!RSW_#?GCW(.G=S7@:LMC\_\(#?-@B&-H]-5O[YC__.T^NLD]YDBU&





K^W<R;Z4W

MY?W7LE(O 3Z5UBS?)%Z5AFO


MUNF^BW[@DD[6%^SN)81UK17 J$9-6/_J4MXD9\%H7GOSZG;R+UYZIOZK3@+$
ML\0;+/
 ^;&_E/S3V./Q(F#UHW^$X7S5
[INZX]&X_+^R[+[_SF;=U:RLK\
M:B]@V8^W^?)[C==%V3AM'AA^/[[(_#+Z*QU?5S;K=:B7]99JPY/@LWT.??6



M1[[U\G(7KK_]8F6



MF^2UVYM=^!5\G?P1B*RP='6\%E;O@O2[8KU_B_H-)9N8O/32=C-_BM
E[MR3


MQC8'%=)L=P\]A

O\1
E=V1IK=D9K6JP6_1YC_EL!


MV*/2_C9HDK4;B?WOO&&7\A7+7







.X

J[2



MF?@






K[-)^5\O7C.OP?WB^V_SO]5I(O_U8OQE

MO%)+*49 4'_46 HIT()B6:DEB0&C]C%J2?2FEN@))SBJI:B6HEHZ)K4D6K4$




F,4HQ;%PED# ;-8
MXF5=)PS7:.86D
1?!**^W-^\ GA_
A1'$%[U* E+6@9T8@)3BG1P@*'_=Z[



1P-'C

M0#)+4B


I@PHPZ%5PC'D\2-




_1)Q'
M6!\7K!]-6]1+2WAWOV@5FH D'::]:@V@G=\^[=FWLB8[K\/O'Y591GF6&3






M

+OS4E3UCKU!N=



M4[:E^2EJRX




PR0TV6&?I6RE%P6L^M*F


G2
M*^%ZMY*MNGZH?M]Y]B4O[9=YD7E=

5X7FJ

0HI3P!MY&LWLZ^STGO/LK
M3:!]IA0-ULN(B-Q31*[5S&&%C.:2(
A2F&H/0Z::/!_





\4]A@[B6#L%XRXG18H$(-

TU6#:0

*T:Q):JL2W^;S
4<&L<;1P:IAUB%1V,[UH_$^I&-#% O
M0ZLI#Y5+$XF6PR%:'@IH2-0R+0C)%%/I#0_.C);,6K9J/RFTZ;34?E_,+L?]
M5*/'($0,0AP#'!](VG1)F'G]46I82A$UJFQD1U K
.T5:WT5C?X$#$0
'

QGR?16P



M110LW1V)B


0L]FU8W%BSEFR*_].[;])/RJNLR!-_ZK%'
M\ZB.3\S5





/Q8EPAXNI)N$*HS0T41B'L



0^D0-(@X

3)(
MCPC[['DMT$-ZBZSI+90ZK(445!.EF=.

M=MBHW12DKU/8)-64J8U@9)IR&%$#7&A6:B4Z_7)TC[]FG &]!G=[$(TPC3


'4&@TD$Z )

M EQG84F.F:
/E 

MEP8&




M]\^QZ.



MF22:88
&
M4J@$MA@!!1R)LYTFTE*15'XV4@I N$A[Q:PZPCZ-]ZVH

L(]#[<DG[W]NS=;Z=&A3LZ._?__&[?




Y#^

M\NG%U_. C?H*U'1TWB)%K8#2U(H_F4K^+H.




HY[





M7B9Z(X=%MSGQ
[UTU4E







H6P'1#-LOKKUG07_[(9!'6
MX?VLJ+BJM:G;\]D?^2C/K\/O;V?3H.B*V63BWWP:^E7GY7S'I?RPUUZ
0YWQ





MKEAYRM]\7ZTB'OLSLCX'Q_ILZP11Q-L16%81I !U&!#% =*.KEH-0*?T(U3I
K!.4$3OL-&[*5A)&WA- <%*@R-20%32JL4K?J(/X8NV<P
M'@X\GHV@O4PP/H0/T%9&V$!#!KJE $*$9%I%)B&R^%(-CICMP_6GOS2G 




M/O 2OMI^C&R2!&&^G

MT&TP-0()
EF

.%1T<VKGX-KP9L9].O_Z<










M+:A61DK#+4B5PI(()

0W[_J1[3O^5=0SV(I]


K_VZ_0DMW_B*L_$V9

M4(@=8] 2)KA-'25IHU92PKN9MUNJ%=&/6A&]%B8

;9WW
MS]':UNSA:_K)A=YGF@!CK.) 



)#066=6C8D


M_?

J<1 Q+


.
M]7E

HXV6[YT

.
:IU0032RFU
MC
-5% K;3A3J.ZCKQW/EJ

MW-ONZQBW53;$8IH[*!*@2;.8;KWAH2$4ATAR\[78E2'81[F\_MEV6N[L[W
C4VNZB.JNGH_S?S%N<__=L715[NS!H0




5RD!D

MWY^GY_\3O=VC\'8/:/1X%
\HG@
6SX
G*I8-GI+)./LPGHSGX[S\^3B-_SV/
MD^[?*/

M;2ED1MJ
7L2UTDQPXP AG#F


QS.HVR5_
RW24Y



.J0@9@@JIPU.J084*$&ZLRC71._=I1F7-S
O=[_Z%;LY





M9S0\^ GDSY+K
^C,M43A9VB]BT]XC+5'+ V&-IL352UF$-+J3/<$JV(5$SJU<9-16?\




U8<7\4/LBV









8M=%VCC!.0Z\% @%A
MDE+5ZDJQIF.-; !8/HQ!0X






E8OBZRJ[()M[N2KGO]R;)0G1B1#H!$,<TPWVU?':WHP1
M+:.AE=*I,JFA%!E(< HL:?(-4L4Z;;<;,7N&C .)^LRE&J)JZLD*B4#<#YN


M74P_+BLRKOSQOC_3Y+?JMR+KM&QCN+:-GI49L? 3E!F'&O\02#&!* (%_E

4.@&-







MG[^\Z.S+R_-O]Q+H_1OWZV0#9:3$8[$H[L?BL_HR _/56F3!'03R;YNVC^!8



M?3&['




8^\1E1.*-P1N&

-

M0U()R1T@$B

HC<9G<0

M/IWBX=70'


82MD D1/0&3_S2#VEO7^BS
B4B
2!P&$AF\


MO9G#/3)#PW?Y-USKOKL*BORUQ^RT/TA3)K*IV4E(I&[/AJ_?%NKF= U1QU9
ME7JO7*1(FH

\0TNSV!..U4NDPFLXLPHJR2OS2(GUZ3/EL+WR[MYIB6&D&Z

MDMQ
LNG\I#J8_VLQO@GOB;3!P=
&VUOSHLU135
&H322.4N 5I@) Z&@*=%8

L(= I
M




M6TA2_PK3VA#!(1=-LCJFH*.#*GEY.YN&\3\U$?(
F3:]:J#A*9K(X1\ &C?D

MC+
/XTDUW? D=%2?+
!1-P0*.\

W0DE3(7.QY^R#Y-MRON.7[#0]G6M'G

Q-7O][.FV:ZORQDJ1=
HB(





M[H%1\&?YQ2(TYLA&G[+I15XF\UE2+FYN)N.\B

8]XUTV)J&E[!MT&53+*2V


8GO97$4[TW^/YE5Z4_M;SXK=E




M_STK/HZ#2W$S*\=;N1''I(:&IVVVI=[A6IM;Y# !B$*#''...RU2WM :2LO.
MV



-SHV

UXB
M/[!?_
V%CM:&R[M6,II:AA!%C@')>7 -
MQ/9-$8;[!\










3 /J
C.T+

MP+3BVA@ 4]:$!0C3&Q3O5#+Y[B8OLKE?'IW=C.?9Y&T^/X4]ZW4W]9
2!?
M(:J*PU(5&T87Z-I@=R*ME%02@ 3J2*&R97Y8R7;H ??(Q1#_T$&]BP#(/O


&@E+PG/^%%/]]Y&!V=I9H6O3




]9GU?*^H.\HB





?H]I=A$<.\7N#?%LH1K[=:<


N!3(+MW?/V![# D(\2P#%-@(V?%;!K





;0YRW



M6PH?H;;=%T'
*0*IL0)[@X0*#;WC08VQD$A#OYLY8-K0T;O+'^Q\P$CI1[P-






MZKUKAARP#9K\3M5I@_4D-/5G=9^(PXA='P7[?X\5Y4[?JK?Z].VOB=+GI_\\
M/3^U9Y$\& !YL&L%];T[WNXN![L71N&
PAF%
PIG%






<P$\\ <@CUN+'W
[*CBGMN

6ESX@(G
M7DNO?X+X]:EX8Z=/Q7MX\@?B=L#BUJD80SCRB(@C&@0HHB1@R WK:A;$UIU0


MWCUHUP'(YV')Y[;BB#NS-QWJ8-6X4NB)X''L^Z)6[VTG?##HM:TX]J?G(Q!'
M$





M7AAX(O1QZ-$H%@YNJOPYX5O0TJ=LELN[NSNID+13






LE/WN0OOJ
:CZ+I9Z-@P$9$R#K0Y;UK46;M:(=



MA'?:&GDVBSA#-HDHL9F(HY@'=0!$_F;W*N&]!4


5F@[
MC9E<S%W;YA'QF1.$48Q8=<&A6V':RZ#UQ':@796!:D%J7TSJ25V.TTAY(0%



M






M25&J+'/Y_:D:
S!2Q:_I[=Q





MVB?




J#S.EP^2#Y(/+_\H7[Z\195@FTS?
M-@J69)

(PI$(PM=TGF2S=/*F$(R20K4]@IWX.#$HQN/%

;Y36J]_S4ORV



M_YW

M=_^L3OG/L_%U.EE
T]-+HS*=+2Y^3\?S\_Q3



M+N;E7$J_?/3'R*-N
5 13WYSF\]4
7I-#)VZD;9TPUQEC1-TS6_9I863SW'#

]?B2%^IJ8CXOLHN%KO@_SS=K-J])D
_N$.0!


M$[;IIBKC\V16Y5SVQHILA.C;M]@&9@1F!&9\)6:DG?[7-*!YZ/8A\[CB.Y
MD-/:8\911 ?
C'7^

M
QR3VQIAU\E2 LTC0*-#I$&GV
19VN2].-D





MN#L-@6V$XXA%Q


!:!
 *8 4
!/

V



M D@!I/8*4MM%*BAO:__\('8Q\@/NV\REKNT).ZHC%;9/UR(5G[)9+J]\5[?A
M#=-QD29E&A?Y39B59AZIO&:IYY%NZ-O[]WPZ28MR7YH#LR.L.@0I/P0I9W8K
MY2(

MEAIJ?7.K7O Q)1U '?!19


G^4?R721]N6/N^?6^IO5ZO5HS8
X@SC#







M;#)%LOP#FU,L M[2PH99.Y'F(ZU_6^DD*1I5[]*Z6?50D1ZHCGIT
\\\'_


7%[^EX?IY_2F:39)X7
M=VW[#/_N+)W/I]K5=9X6-TV.P&/W]7P?U[_3(I\DY75'I^B/RQ[.!^I%.B -
M=0UPWM JS5-FPW9L1F








B_.X)511RJ2V7
X@'SE1B/


A:Y3N@@E_DX)!BCT*U=:$Z
^8 9;L=3_^1Z
M@4$*E 64-0C*PJU2%B+'YX21$-F


:^X]3F5.C8
!R,/<W =AX%.00@<EB(!+X$= (Z 9V 3D#G$QPIM)-:#M!X/NA
MRV




M4
X$


M8I4U\/O#N^2G7


'CJWB[(1W!;LV38G-D*<NF'H.\@)6129*!N)'<+7O8^9;-<7OFN
M;C4=IN

O-5%IYS5)/I=W0F_KO^722%N60&F_4M_KO:\4!+XX
M4KZ@+5_$F*

MN%E%





*2UU%E_W

M
H\A: < .,67CF!$)= KH'XZ 9& R&$A$O@2T GH'%Y6-+.=
M=OZ1&V

72*9?DFQR
M

M%_O$CW 4^

QW)IY_**



MX]






M#B*W
H@H;;
Z;8]+*RC+B&4Q$+A(UK@\AV7#2 G:L^*M *M+Z!IV]7#R9[

1=LRWU(

M=6


66M!.7L9#I*W-C!W;Y[$;

AM/%VH1ON2%NIJ8SXOL8C%7FL)Y



M&
+UXK51NP-0+[;AK.?J%



MZR0-1=B)8^RC4*IP- C=
!:ABMH11#AR'7L_=+==MT
[Z&:/0 M'0@N/VG2=

M'5%S?MLZH5X3? Y'\AV[4]
J;



MD


C%U(VX'S'A
M,?W54TQ#FR'"'6HION2^\5HCAS2




MNL9YWKX2/;1Y+Y
X2QTJ4#<$=QSJ</\-6_

;R_2B6ZO/(Q^&F_M9SG82 FPQMZS

W:UW#Y(6=N 8(AN7#@$ 7!;CN$5P!H@#1@4,4&!7@G %



ZY4(Z&Z=MK@#]R%W6
M6[+ 7L@Q5,KOX1YSS+ #7 U =P&, <: NP!7 \(5<!=@## && .,#0ECV[F)
M/((:-Q&V622F. @&T2!#Y'CHHH$X9<05AXKYMHN8?B7@2586J%!#JO1-J



M6&HF@U4T0?]C2


MP!A@## && .
15R[O?<EZ@KUMB#E!ROENOE$0JF :1@VCHX2#&
MH9'R($#RL[ZE'$032N$?)X&BM*SBX6&K8Z8WE



M

420H=GTN






4&!7@

Q%R-Z)1%' '





=?
DN5B/$=*#GDI)-D$^TZ]1
M+MN7(KV4!#

] ST#/3\*#T[+3V'
M

SH.O R\#+Q\!+S\6*T3


M ND#Z;\2Z5.[




MN)G^












M%]#\*._QL[R/:TOH/3&1$


.LK2]1*:I3O;2:_6&TJ






-/<AWSR8G6@=0K/?TN





M
)

QJC


MY$;S6[&X6B1W^HU\2:2%+G]1:F:JE*C6E)+JWE1-
5_VC*0:6]H\EJ]AFLD7


EN_[#^7ESC6TKHI$'BEUD:O



MD[P)_


B\Q



M


MIK39U








6$FW?U-W*)ZZV67

M!G9ZFUM2


.

MNH&)1^)6R-Y%X

=;[X

M3

J



M*E2F66=CE
SB:@''LJK&%6E0
W-7^1%D7_7
M%4WFYHV52=);WQ1RI^EEZII&E76I7AKEU:5KAHOERJE9U8_UHD4M$JU%(8

:FEJ


MUV4^ZQ05/Q8\M0;OC-M*V5K3KKKZ[$NUJD]R-YVK@$^R61&0#YM7\21M=IA[

ML!0.C-;7ZB+-&982 K)E-6TCGC:I:DINUDH*]9F-AB'WILH/FJX0\-+EC5=5

N')?:3)JG. H[N6+A@X&Y1Z^SUB-E

MY_RZ2*7N(9_@VLBR#O/-JY8:-Z:L?RQOI





&*%K+;WM<L1!1)$<(QCQQ&.7*%A[@;VK;+

6%W[$XNK5



OLYX^

7R


ZF&7]30NJ[YAM6F4


MH^:
WGR\K_(B
_








M)1MTOMI





M6FRYF(F\%?7$M9Y;YHO[&Z35)M,9G^HNO6;F9W&M5F]Z:91_Z87:-HGL0

M;O=!.B.$EAYHXVKID-AL?4+!BY_^?!E;]7#@9K)P637.
UZ*NJV5 GD#P_I.


MI(AAFSHN)PYF[LMZH9$'^GT]WB^
// WQWY&




MO[A0AGPU5MI

MP
Z)_<OU3_^:D36[M=

Y*^


M6/YF]E\=JRTEK);$JAPU5Q6SE:.4S%#:LTY(K_S!Y#]F^?=I.KG2$KI2


M?-L$6TW$5B45E7-SN


MN

7$R=%:TR
MJO1E-G#2/3







[F.+^RLW[FNZ



-^=V%[EZII1\Y.5Q^R^]6ZYRN-C5NNBO5D[KE5NYB8+





MB=LA6!0YS(MLXE*!P@@C6WBL\;1A5QP
P7:6T=+K^/+V#NT)Y^J$-;8-=C[(



'X3Q7B2[JIJRZI_225^YBX;J[SZ];M)A- R

MDLR9JNRV1)$@L/!@79_U6#.V:@1@C&Q\5R\?E1L4@L&*G47COPY[@R&D0HRP

C5ID\.N*N2

M



%M)8*8DY*%
MFKY_ 3F91J5:JBT(67[ZE

MO\'5#%SXAN*XQ?!8T'DM4XC!%U'TVH#*.%MSG(I
+EF6

MI0HP5'?)K50.3C'L: I*B/F.5.P=9L[4Q1=D.;




]N
MLW_IU
L^Z\6+VFSTC/+OAVO

MJV9NL2?0Y\X(W3XA_S=-EMN:






L!R0WY:=7[




EO_*)U72/$
M!V/Z.[PKQ$K5TXH38*(3D[4.IXH.B]=3=@
45T
RU4:GLB)C065K3:2R?5JL
MA3HK-&V\SFAKI$

M




LM0UJU2DK8GY=?(4=4RF\^O5


M1^3C.

M=M7 OFXAS%B:QZARMG8?YIN0_&;;6/HN(<!J$%]T1
[29.6YL6S\8
9Y8\=

&-N
M\








M?R; 4O(MO394/O)J4)


M&.J/(J%D
ZOBMC 2Y+_E*MX: B&34@35GMHO#M7AZ4TRFVA$GR['FD\^-;R+


MU^M900JAJ1*
V;HJN/










;D4?-24I4;_6XE3ZR4




M+F(V]P@A-G*=DDHPL-G19 RJJ3W3?6OKD]M-X8:B3%6!V+*3BEDJ5;=DZD_!
MQ):RF=VE:=74I?C$&D_E3E-IV1MIP:3;S#4]$]J;



M[-J$$4J%'7

YJ@:D5G1K
M8@W392U;0JV=*KZ'GAV%WT-^5J.4KI''5[7Y-1KY:=5L/ 5U$M2.TL+(U]?7

6T^Q%*.0X@4P1


MRI%^JCKT+*E=49NG.G5@?;F?;VP_[I5YPE14+49JPZTSO1N?[7UT^6UKP;KW
<2IY$Y HWQF$01A&1
M_^0E]8UK2]%ZEH2?W+]/@$9-?;K.QR?0YV=ZF\SR_SJ!ND\PVN0CY+]TNMM_






E-P6U4N,E;L)AJE&5B9<36N9F\;G5.?AT6/9;A#

^G!RZ$PM




D4[L6RYD[?Q:1Y?2JJP!D8Q]IC\C_!MX7E^
M[(4^IG[,;1H)AT2;OK.+@E]0[:PO@L7D]]SW7.@Z?']J$Y_++$:_]/\_)^\





8%?.N+20#;2HV0!C)
MI01]S8H7C







B=D
8NBP4-'83D/ZDIDR=QC-C#





]/5N-2

-
MG%O;

(Q@&

=A2%(4$!S0F;HP#*LL!N<@
MOTY.!J.V72C$L!W']1$#'LOTQ[&]O


MPLM_W%!QFK.W/S


)@=I#3Z4




(R1F#./#P#R5

7G


FJ+S
EU^FX[2EX2ECS9O


Z3 

MXQ(_8C$Z+





MAQZ.


MW]-$/+D;]GN:E&$B!ND8I&.0CD$Z!ND8I&.0CD$Z!NEXXTD9^N6TW3J_N-T
MET3
/D_R%=.E[/I/)7W)@C3_:LUV5\_Y9
WW+N=H6%6!KD9Y&:0FT%N!KG9

MTWLJ)
?5H_L86W(_

@=P&P LP'
#@W
$(U
M,...X'X8QX'G$R$[3I&00L#B7 MYIG7!+
N(.GX
6E(-#[Y663S?#U;R0&I

I9@RY4@?$-(YL



M !)T%AEZA=Y# Q 


&#!@

Z.
P[S5??RXT\5 N=_/PU
M6R6SG0





NP1S%KANQ6/M)
M'#OTO%:QTT'B=G_A^4'C'I![0.X!N5\+N9VJFBRP[=#'
4$^%Z$=NC:)?*UQ

M1
Q';)^5[2[JW#JMSXRY-W?PN%-I+U)]5V0O,U;HNY[FH@GMQWN9E+VYKT'
M 7@; 3B,21DF8I.03H&Z1BD8Y.03H&Z7B521DJ'-1?W_5T7V6S\4_J_M+,
MSY8)6/4?YNGR]ETGLI[$X3]P='8PX9[MS
TS

T@-_L\0\.L
M#'(SR


^T2\/W$LQXYHH^_Y?P :@.H'0&H
MT5KBK^VS?PH1E!I)U'
Y9%6TFS&!?

B#8@VOXCFH]HC5]-
MH-#C44%8'Z,$,%$J6FV9P?;O4RVT]$&WB[!TP;
.U=8QKQJXI:$3MN* )J


.(




#C\8H(E$0Z%Y/3AA$U';( :! AQ&G 0H&*'A?4%!+

B3!G-J(Q=FP?4@

MB[@7
9]YH:
M ^%PVXD/  @ZC.


M13#LY*%DZ&DR_S5;);.=@R/[
T'[5 DZ=#K=:7:.NM.IC7!UCA 1VY$C]4D:



V5UX.08WQR.9




M4_7R:=$D^



MHK\6Z3S?
'^+P^<0
MY<-MNXT/ZV2JD=%A[),82\,NB/7H91B[!0R@F

O-U
M:EWK&5
RE33FS$K-I



MX@S5B/X)]8.0NIP@&@2Q0S@M
(1Q030*3.?K=


BLG]E/ZW?J2W2:MP*#<K-?3

G%IKR%*]==W+5U7


1BF3E/


MD\





]HFZ4/]T\S7:
M^8F/Y%-W\!;Q62OG3OWW9EEE85^G9U?+-/GS+)G(07U(9M^3NQPR?F^6YGWV

:XUB@R':B



M=M2*Y_PB%_K7+
\OYJ$2(D4:=#'A2G2V\=L\9-#7]9MR+U9;45[Q8IJ;7&**
U]&5E5ODJ$'<8!L5T:06XN)P2K991[(F91B_CRV<OX4#+&


P)G]ZB


_!@'KL-X'$LL





3<B*84XUF:Y&G==:$^N $^
BEYR^R;

M$]*4\V


M.4=9F9Y8LT$JEY\\!^96^O_60/ER


] W
M
/
O?7BMLYY%B+7]F3-F;,#2GV7$8C% KN!:%:<QJ'\L(6B?7^
MK_EO/?7PW9+7?U $L4ZM*:A#?(8&E$2.1D@0B8JU;=EXC/@I;:NO^K_BI]
MY#JSOEKLKDUS_;+T7Y7ZR:E5/[M.+8ULEH2VWI$_=0RLE_[!&Y2S8V5FVEK


[#I1ES=)
/6FZ2T%,E6Y,\HKL%AFHS0=OXJ#D]9*S0AU;4\01,#:L$7LD5A
M4^CX3
2TJLF]NO[PV8QPLLQN13%M\*[9Y*.9J%7VW_^_]OVP0L@U=2\L@_



OA5N!SAV)


M+_)M[.'0QOW)I
C6\*M%LES=-63M\^)\=CXZ-])TB'#6(YK!Y
NS]=2Z2N4(
MI*:USE?9;;*\*^1)RM$?:^.!;9Z)Z]PH&^5Q*





M
ZE.3=3@^#UL'JM18.\\Y71=*5,+:N&$,U-HC']6. G)*;=#;6[2@ C26&
MJ[


M&U



J$_N3D1VU1PS4B6RY
MM;T5I






MQP1JM:A+7#\FV$$
V[J! 9='BM1_[G






MD_Y('/Q?E\D8
M!
:&^1W'40USO(H_V'A\$ HYHKD/D\LKD3$\^/_9 YF!-B



7@40&H=06P2$HJ9ZPL/QRP0')N@ R
.BOP6

M.(IMRD3L!84^0@/2ZD+1)9Q\RN:CEDJRKVABM\FU^G-]'B&F'+JR\A1?:8?P




%

M%4^S%NOE(E
=







KX#&D3:KRWQ& Q(AS*+($;Q0H6
:
MM;N('^
YIH3F$\A

A$'N',L85V)',W(D[<EO\-IUG\LEW

WT\7G= D607*=!G?-2EQ]R0.[



M-;JJ/-4EHS44:0K!59++_\IUZQDXZA&H 3CV #C




GA
M.

M6
;2$FOI#F?3^E$D/!<'O+;(/G(RY


GNHV[J0)H&V_2M[L'@=!
MCBBN_E$KA#_

M3/

E!6L:[BU3
CK\_5
F]G*O:I$7UX.60VK.S!Z

M
GK[U#FK-[JO_YLF2RN:@\NL[NG:R;H=W)[[Q9Y#=$W6:8FONFQG\'YM2K


M(=7]J4J3E5QEWU+K)I'_N4K3N96
_UCG)B=^F4X@


ME'_

M6WS\%)?0QQZ&OG85VU5W_1-S-61K#F.VIE*@=?:QG

MG)JO1S?J5ZIF-AN-ULOM$=5SZW+[%G_RMB[JHH#:RTI;(1^=W*SBNIOBGOZE



Y-^@@R4<S:,;^0=H?7LO _I/N/S#5 K!=*2?(?=SIM?J@U2G
MTR6,]B?#GE9?M7S?WT^.N3JU;'1JL$5X52Y0K]-YWDBUW*Y


^AOZP&@;*DNRK4;@E%OZ7:


ABSX

M$EQY3+P.)]AVFIW%X@M+4\Z$P@I!KK;]-D,J#'O\^KL+@T_/H.-9I2/Y#:
M04PBU_




I/J.T.0)UM=R J3IM-9W2



MA(

M7JTV/-@Z# RLCW?;



MABH727Y:TM:5:6G:!YU-C($$Q 3@

.A




MCQM*W^.4N$^9OUVFGSR3/G9PP3XMU[S)9'T W-80#VR\Q
!MO7UQ7\AM_:2=

2

C\D#]LR?S-3 B]U*0#LZ_;#E]WYS(6S;/NR))WO+^3_.RU-+/0A_%








M]4U=+965:/CU,I+B3%*D\MYI^*VM=9JG$3/E;5:B@;BSB:IRN9YE5\G


'4

OQ P7:!S&?JN9UTNGGG8U]79__!.;-5BP$FHGE*5=




M=A[Y9UW[FHX_I:JWQS] L7O

?ZB/LVD NEQJ*+
MB5!(]


2W+]C@45V1?YAML/

M$D8(B^79Y



MM=Z#R

9P4@_

(8S46L#!2C@TC%&K7; :F(AD45X56!CG-L8C5EKW+J6




MB:_Q-'A?M[NOV_T

4-3MX]PUP&ST!N$EZ

U)QJQ#;?+I[






]#50]1/M5/<1;C6*+PJU[U7W%
MSV*&X-MFR!:0VLI4:6!9&UJ71T[L 1A..#:$42MG.3424PI8T$-0[<JI(S!
M

\T;-:+Q.C
MJ:
28@
M(\&GKW]WOR;FMU]_=1^_)NK+%_=U[[8FVXQBGX= K_ZV;U.)? F7#26*
ME7RXK43,'E( XTLXPY8C+@LQR4YU#?:2F!J@Q]EK##($2.
T*M%)(C=^_P/


M+]E@


<N*U%J^:0!;I@8@CR7B34H*:UZ%-&O%^,'!^&(
MTU2WM(_LD*3OB3S=D<-!P&H\.E8P43!EC F&?6$&I*?!((U&U\YG$I%8CR
M[&OZ1X7/MO4;X7V/@][W/1P;HM%5'
^J:78&L. EYK(V%H
E5A$$*TYGX_&

6#PV]_.7='HQC%O0UY/9L&_F5P=?+?(#(
#!!!0$
&L-4
PK


&S[3PVU
&V







]AB(B_&A\N+8+TD\W!GU45JFQ=&*^D(-4@Y!YVFKORU#.R




 EFM%V
J!^LET0_V8

1 V.OD-Q9%;;3&YWO9LGZ9E




N
M9KXJE:XA$$8#XC&

M-C[+SG87@)V_V7!OT.=2:WOW).4-:=23:
@/B\;R9[&MU
1&7K[&(R_OU
M(BX[!-\%@NCG(AQ4K'^^YD$DPOR
DXL8^Q_G(E&O
3.83*]C4[\8]3R]^599

M-5F
\YCT(.[[G-VIS$[341X!G%UF





M$Y66
DX-YT)8R(3!BK.2




M5)&@?7$PFIU1WGB\
_& \U+RNZ8])_9\KY;5J#
MEUF]$$![&I%P%UM%@[E2VZHO+

F6Y%B\Y'[6

MZK1RW#:E5'
'A=82

MSZA2A *H&

MSI/S




CGZ1WD.)N



M?_WTV?WZ]7]/DL\?U

[?&EZ0!Y9!&@:


M=8

MT

Q
M#2%@5%C&C -ECW6HU=JAK]8U:*
@O'T2C#6I2+NO+P\][* 7PU&\9U\U80M0
MU[+


JU







/Q[-X#[C M\8KKRE3K:#S @C,'9/*0 E0N0G%@D)]0KPVHW;)1--





 



M53?WRR):&(*5DXXKJW0VFEH$32(8*$P




9WSE\=4K&U9QY/[/;H K


MQ+;.L29Z)4Y+;B@E-2TA7%N;O(M5_JG 
(85]HAG1
ML)PM&]O.7E9;6RG?Q.[+3#$PC




Q!.,6C/J:2
.6A7!(3AVEG&1@EH&1=L


MK




MMPPHAQWT$ALMD##.4EWJ2(GT1MN\==RVN''2Y


PXA88(+AD)/FO9








KVT)@JV%[)N
V/?XZ_&W%_YJP2L L
-
M


6
JZI4=RQ4OD)[9LQ/IMPWUB3

MXJ5#F!-*E+!0L[(2@H44ZHW)7
LU

G3AD]G86SAM?N=

M/:OTK-*SRI.QBJQ8!6/+?'#@C5.:Q6Q27[H6!FFL-L;5GH15]HIR;\4IC3;=

!PB0!7
M1
P%50HH!47X5=/A24K6\#Q1OL!=2+HV[- SP(]T06J*4G044\$8Y0!ZE2



M L5\7

!


I_4



642=$^*ES*$N

OD=QC^).N=N05-MQ
MQGFKN.&.



SAMPK
#CF4*& D\AE5BO


1XIL7#O5Z8!$B@$6



MU_(1.?7X^H_D;+(X'65[G9[8./G/64G_CCG]]S8F[$')ZVKCAUTM'@+)BEHQ



M# $'GJ^:\ 'N65NTVO5S2SV=]G3:TVE/IUO0*86PUIT04NV
%=@)PYWDSKJR


;0(&@H
]\C


MR?H3W;5X1!2SM*2

*K^Z%UZ_XWUY
4=WWT'/\$'Y7#'AOS/&Z8NPRJ
MV 1+/@U'L^1BJ022:19SOV;)?)+
+[/DPR1(^RQ)!_]:#&?#7/6DX[/\K66L
W]RH4I?YQ]\.YV'J!C&7
M:&GMUV\VRP=]-IQ=3Y8OG.QXQU=_BYHNT
S5]2@+8S^]XVY!1\[3
*EO'L)4



Y7L 0#ZDXH/A ]
L

)8P%9L?[GM^
MT[65T%PSI+3=!9^1L9+I
\.WN=!J%+P\H%+AD$$S..8#61R56XZN@D)X=I

@:3

AOFK
MWX?A0EE8R-78'B2L:
5')V$X7J1+
JO@;;\DLV
MRG(_Y35F1/(M+.::B0Q\X4SI2P F+[&A9N4[A$=J;FC_XZVFH4QDIDK1&6




E_SG


MX:1(I;AU%L9#^E2%7P3WI9
BN12OJU8-A#N



.A.DQ4





[F S5GGN

MQ)W5QB])Z781G=N$?':5K(/KB,FWBLIB:98R94%[:%N8K=I7]W:/!B/(G+U
M8ESE_S3OB;R [G5!V5[ZR$285[13RPAFDM88:*!
XH
0]):2)(-F^2CA?

WZ
X




8J0D


::\<!=](X2^JKKW@X#%9*W=383



D@J=#D23 @5Q*E; 6$?8:

M3L)DC\(OMYCCT:N23
Z309EO/:T/_Z3]I:[
6*T$0XH9&GD;

M +BAU-MS+'7CY=/1^M'%)A?WNAAOZZL9

9


MG/&(N5[


!8?.$!HT-B= 



['XT4Z2LX7\\4TNU'P?J68ANWK)2IJ75,X
MAQ1)18B5%&F!Q2IRIEX5$9O[6E<\3 ? W:_?L]&W[)?PE OV^NI@M?KG3:*
QQ<)8O<S*\NDZ'T]Q1'%RFT_!N
%5Y(AO/9RGLMGW?EQM[:Y+N]L_5?

.Z(Z\(@N :
MW?0Q-YKLMTRBN
@5&DU.'K.XIZE'D\'OK^[8X@R6%G7(::D-]I #8H4MMS@5




-%UE_-LH_AKJ7,Z<^YY:&'DTCP%\/TL?[IE\5%.@UJH;SCP8I

)JC'_\YRS1T_3/X6@8;Q(?.)?I
MT_*1D\EU5G2!G)57&V??@]C%IPOBJC\O[;MJFI-_3H(+G'P+4[F89FUK)E'+

M(*)T^N
?GS]4(99PY?].1XM
_\CO5054@IA]GL8YGO_X/$ICY. LRO5UO'+X
O%[,J:BBR/#*9##

.TD*T4Y'94PWAL*&N?77:CY@
+\LK)%5Z-O
MG9IK_:


CSD-




[_=V-04%-=X5% 3-#MUSAK$C25Z


'=CS;]K;0V@XWREJ6:F[(4P (]-X01K&W^1(R@RU%XDF7L)5P8XN^
M6_OVL:Q59H.&6:X0A

M@%M


[81_9XIX88NN5C@L9J?9D*?/0!:6'I0A\
M( 0@

@DQ]IH%PC5(*$($,AQARSSA K0
MU^[9M78/W+5VS]U::V:#D(TFLR!=]Y;Q 5AP'L_7*QAL(A0,(ZW+ZH!#M;*



MZ01U:U70[Z9BNWHR7:R@2:?3N#8J#_\$:_^WU7(55[B[9&6;%26VM2!GPXMQ

M!_\NS/UI%HS7V[U(9C46JO-RS4T



M[1X)31)R.?7ES





?IUG:

7]UXI2)


MVL')A_G9FZ1&(
NTSR)Y)0\(!$-C/(]

MXXC*I)Y\!S0Y78Q^3P*97 3N/TS+XFLY'7X:I7@8W*2/89IB=_:+R
7\Y]D\




K@E)&XKX]EG (E]NEMW*I#Q


M&A-I.?;*48&H=+B3V]?+=:DO2[DJ85':H2EZ KH2-OA]0\[
D.NV'_
QQ=





F9/!V3&:
BV]#?Z+












M)KVL-?1$C@KMB2
@@!1;A)2-H'6*$
\M;0*T^?H4R_
A_-:J:4^/.\6J4U#N
M
R.?3M%26&5&*BV(LT8 (HP6QFA-EICEU 2'_6DPVYC]C5BCIZU[S/:8[0AF


Y
MRJ3% +3BB%V'LNTUS3_3;#)(\NNPIP)!]

AH&Q%6'4KS[[7WN_OC[4/3@IJ
MR6-L..; 2.( 19(+1B 


M%JDO7]S9EV6:;6[O^EZYFXSD)1



)^&QIJALVO9-M
/YQF-

M]!$(7C&G8\.7'6521]^M\JUWOL_CV(N@[3Z/XVBW_ABZ57[V#
)/H%!'ILD?
M:7X2C=-I5

9JGRO&YPEOSAR30=?@U4


M^BKL^UG8]E=U



MT3)'C+((;H&8=L24/(ALLZ



+KT1!-=)ME-FN4A



O0$J*CW7

O[Q\8+M%86H
MEY[J=RCU*WT[R:;IH#BAGEQ&22@YFHPO_,_^T];O+/6WOZQ3X!III19#IB5Q
M5IF8Q])9JTA5&99I*QNABZH:8SS)&K,J@N]?(?J7+,<R5J4('^ATSUZV @*[
M7G0.&J=V6G)H8VF<8M!P+MEBT2D%KHU%;RDZ9KEC3WN+ODULQOSF534ZGS^

?4U'=P]8^9ZPZ:52/B_ET
NU@0*'OIR-



_L4+ CWT#U
MWGO;UT(I_77*;X=8R2
IW]E*(]EA@_'%Z/9(*AX7HK?)G=%%DC 7Z7#YLW

)K].7'[V!
!T%

3GW




3T#6YO=WHZ&









M9\X=\NE]3L?IU60Z+#
2YMF5;^;/0WTK]8V-2 Y8HP^FMQ4EP90C[C KRAM5
MOC)#W*MH99TV+9MDK@HJ;T\C.^R&U/VA6L]PY@P'U=U6J!
QE#AV0F$I!2'$


MMP#[PS0RM_6/BX;5*9&36C'&M62:4@6-

%!
M6Z2];^L(V
Z\%GI/L#W!=I!@-Q2+$J Z[HX;&2L%4 A3



M.\ZU
(XY!K24HDH4Q0[HWM3;:3Q.F][/GBWT;*%UVZS[)MCK'A_N8 7*GHLK





M[* VP$*$.#&2(#VOWR$=5 H^)X:M6Q$#;:B5LLWJJCUO['ECSQL[SQM9S1NY
M



M/3B40O/GV8T?R

M!OQC]6AR\?N[%4MND= 
$0*)QI3%+ ;SHK!^R;V:K$[KP 2&B8QE;*$2%#)F

=P&R9O-TC4[]4 T^

M\
_H


MX/?Y?%JVN


8?\%^.OTV%T&



MV3
=0QPK.UG-/0[.7_ O_VUZ.KF\/HWP5I6@6H_ 4=6Q9I0!ZDPAGI8EZQ



X]@:%E/%@&8QQ&47

K]^_NQ^/HM^_*CTQQ\_GGUT7Y;%1I/V

M?)0[NU0K9GUQH T6M:
E9\KN@%7MH%&]Y&65K7P:$!V*S5Q.@A[IQ_.A+P_3


M'3ZJG-PU.&2B4:X/(B6=0Q8[HC@R%J


M^0]!K2AC.)E50L3KXGQWK4@$T3;U.;W- /F"SJX^)A1\JR-N50O-'DE $


;E)SY(_-LP(LM @
M#W-'J 30[R35 %5))8Y TTAI40(+8IV@
4#*_X8

F19+1



OJK0H]P^N[TH==XK=B<5\NKM/!;)1^NBR9G4[]
M6]*:\?G_Y%[0A\(98VL]8E]-#;4:L0]HK4F+$:P:C(F#22ZR04!D(0C0YT



MA\&0_#(-AO.!M^ENZWRTPWV['SWZ?*3^-00 (\E227!M.

4D




]_7%1SUI[UMHF:X6@/JLR



0\VC TYK#'MR(
M]L2244H)%)CQD/IH%315O!.09KDK3:G?Q67UN7O^HMCE)XXH
%]=^+]D%/[

N%):S54M39\^'8FF8

M&# (8NH
0]C.^R4'S578I1)=S\=C:YHK?I6Z@=U7:8\*?CL(=^AF^NPZS%+0

MFZ*7U1)74^@TQ9)( 6
%8BB@J]#+&5ZJ_/%L]+:G /-6ZU[VZ.W1NY_H%75=


GSYX\.^5




OU(SWVW.\0H?H.PWVG0;?
MR'/*:F3+0C@$G*)@7(B1(=P-L_^IXY8^$BCP5?UP(N^UU3O*^SY9-]KJF5C
MCM=M_!AB5@CL@-4(&V=E'.N*SHN'VGC]\JY9KM+5^G98


R

]C5=<*G/R33]G/H'70Q'PV)FZ[LP
MQK$4,C9620L\W1$D+H+HU2LT8510&PTIC1&0B*O72*(<
4]K3/\R159^YX]
CZ232L_%5^K<\

O$Z6]_TB^WZ177S9827DK7!-]OTB^WZ1JU:C[Q?9
M]XOL^P+V_2)[NGA5NCCB?I'O_CXW%[X;3?+\^^@RF]Q4MID?2#2Y34M9E$?G

 )VD3)#!7_D


M[FC(

:W08Y840L-7?

M%\*0V*D8.V_08\ZIJZ2X\G^^-GA;\\J+WBF_3TYY-?CW;'Y6$U)+/-%XZS)*





M[/81LCA

BR(GI3L]9_83R;&$[S.B=R
D(7$$.8L5LY@JQ@U=
MZ-X&R(5T/K]Z#,LV'<R*U^3S37#S/7B=ZG!M(KMW@G5 AG81:1LBS3J! &$



4N8RM@FU4K.RM3CTET=A%@

M'11.&


)7
Q Y7OAB%JGQ'^
PF-4*Y2_V7Z.GWD4)L'
M


M)3)5_4

M0YV]
*D+:*\=:<Q;C5=KC[


M 

W?N00!S8QS*&H<64<@
MUHAA+BFU$


62V2C'7


4
MZD5S9
GHIO7VGP&IOJ1P#ZG]@]0:$Q0#W#A 599!H3&R2  /*B9A%2
86PPW

MC;TN:IG70)E70R40!CB%8VTPT!0KLA37_XP:XA\7N_/C)
]WJZ*B5ZF2V%E)

.=XTHM$.\ZJ#RJ=+Y;=KMR'&F+?9N*.S0O68




&_0

MM?M$3
JY/WL?OX

[R_?
^6\SVW@81%XT'%]XMCK\ZJGL

M1]S[C9;W/HR7KBEN+1'W$-P--AN&F68_O



)R13
M#I-S#X#I



M%
)BKRX;J(5E:-YX6 &@*./OHM0#^S; (9NE:P#P0+@7FM.2*M54OS!J1XB?





/O&V_8
M6U:P*?)%'1;!(;-&40XUBQ$A1A$)JPX2A#C8+O)%*\CGHLV4E^XK#OMMI;W[

$6$P=@3% L 


SVUHNBAJZP!'&M55%X!MBP%J(*^@*

M4*5/





M]021@VA&=32&Z8]IGJ\L@G!

=

MI%4WTWX]D@,[179U5)FT:EPKZNS;Z&VG6*DCLKG'KR[#K'W0O&^N[OOV2A

LHIH[60U0%Z

R(Y9HKK02:[)4RMK7\DS5:&18*


M@V$^S8;GL] !(TVRL1] T44CN;PL6J3W274-P2$QJ=NH.&:L0\YI2@VEDNM0


IKC&)E0C\T*77




MC&
/2ZU




BB$68($Z!!AS3&-5.V]C&



ZSB*_
MM\$J=YF;#]L]E]Z:)KK)1SO%/KO41/EXN&7/'+=3&QN!=(88$FJ/&:X1(IC9







'&
BR[Y80RY7B#Z3R^XA\;@GR7
QW,$/7',/_M
M(HC*[.XW_;F-^J$K?)2M[:A7!W26_#D<O8_^=3WT=N.*35Q<X[\?!]TB_#ST
MS&]^Q3TU]<3KN-9
HIFT^%H^&=9_':81Z.A5WM+Q?:%%+&6(.JZL-H(@E1

;3N^B\[O%
M7TGN=] KKG
R*&1B\BT:3+R^.)Y

MYK/1]

V36


&12;
MP
^#KG.;^2%G_GU1
BW](6\G7M6PEH67]8




MW!=%1DRANIWY15FT

M
GV*LVGI6\[#V.]G60EQ6?A
8'PA]-\5?12%-+#@IE1*HKIX'T!


*
TJEVKS1S^60'G_GF7#?# L6-5S/7([


\

MN*OJS74W^9W_::349#D7Z[3=/KC

M6#


;%

MT
+%)DBZU%GGY9O0VNG@LH.NM3UHA5VNWX8Z*I!+X.T!J(T# A'%!:=\4734






H56@CDT0ON_







MYW7X!4*;^HE?BM76-&3:INNJBUCMH7G(T&2PAB92TF&OB$K%

MM]I2 F*I19V!8#=UIM5'$/= _&







MF\IH]K(5K0=HE4]1 348R_.=

M4_H@8+PQ:G&-6@6






M?][5&371) NW3$:S8OO*]/GK]&$*_?O[:&D'&[O PHD?O6=F5]?%@N:S\WPX




M@I9V'P12X:4Z'*M






/AMU1PURA)/@D-1.\I@J




000;%'

MGJQ:;*#WICKBJS
3UFB.VD##EKM!


\R89G!)S5NUZQ_G
^PT



M+#]9&25W
'EK+=%)_\2+\.


M%5





MOO_R/AHEW]Z7PXC4_?CE\*3Y(THAZ =R$;S918YY(6^_.!-B;R\O_46%+RWL



JZM@
B7
12(8:X-$@C@3#VRJSPFJR69-DP]NL4MD2-!V%#_(I]N@P[
M6F#TUJ]&6J]/4=&AT!C\3?$D\[_


01;ZG(VG66!!=\FTVRX



N7NJO2I-\EMU%5[-AJ23
+?;Y
M%.9Z1D/-:*H!Q2EYTC327TOP0R#JY%048T2






4L5C
)KWU.%IQBX!__-0E.UOO7
M^ EZ=?#WM$QESE.O8
PMTA(Z]T'6 
L.ZQD0T0XOC8.2%LSOX7A8J:3U#&J3





I'(!$$2))@@$HF0


@$VR
MQB;'B1/,(P.H XY2;@KPC007)XN8M

UD7O


XK&PL89M

XIG$
M

MU:7UV*2
PG-;%3]/7










LHX88$07B$!*U!CA-@3 K4^






MP3Z2@&

@TWOZAZY23Z[


78&
M


 ;NFSKU$6US6L2&H9QS4


$X)
%Z*#ZS.
M

*02
RE@=PPYXBGWNIUQ6VF]9OQ022FYA6;V!/B)







MKOX/?_XR&PSS;'!Y&09Y


/#4


@D!+]G; I8=

191B7VT F\)K


) ZPAVM

M'6G(]4

:MW@Z87OKB8AKB_^2SZ\#M_:





EF$LPUUF8

M0]O;]=)=4#LODHQ(F5 MH5H/48W4J
8H%%HR&^#
*@B(@%!4N19(VB/F6B1.
@<0Z@HU=1@0PB*=#YY0J+LHA.HB+-@ X27S#AL= $@ZZ6V5?LM][U&H:Y0

M!!E=H8@YJPL_62@!



M9;R9/4+E_Z_7?__Y
A]
5A-:7SM/=




?X(ZX&)SDK17\*OA%_/

MP%JL$=-

MDJ#PU%&C((6H0A7 (#K.DEXY8XF.VC^G/.UCZ9EWTR/\(0#6]8Z\)4(SQ9T
MF&

.8(P@YZ) 



(_
M?4S:(Y#6N(. 8I8X S57SC,-/?*&N<@5%YB?AQ^MYC9Q.%T(ZC:6T4ZZQ^]

9UY8(U6&G$#M((%,C*/.:&HK\C8,^8K(6-QH2
M;T9&!.K-*!P2I2'23@9OD6#)O2B143JHCW+LY.N0



M&NO/&.H0$;/E!#B2FMB11
R)B0
2'CNR
C:QQ^8[&6&%@&@/0TA
(V(B,
M'E'!O6YOH;ACR)A(P82,1D[


MG-5#XQ7;@O+^X_2'0XY+Z\-PY&WN&-15?HH%'(& QTXX/?&TF)5Z54*]-9F
M#S^:#:7H\'X/VN97

M7P3^+X?!O+40(Y8 FVR%!HK?-8;P^AE+!K7-U.P.^AV9-6P!?*5NM/)W0
M-Z%O0M_31U]25W$A'CM  &$:.XP#*#KJIV' L+NNKZ'9F;;J/K?YI;!+X)
M?!/X]@!\60V^BEEHN&/:@$I U*8JH06Q6Y[5:UU\.T*4L(+2!)/D

#19#LJA*BXK'UO\^7@'+L/TY;



0QDHK6V*'--HQ]A&5


M1K?Y//LI_Y;]

M/WY\B$4?UHGQZ_TL\


M:02_6WSX\W?P^S!?R[L]O.WX^
/;O;]-@D4;AR^&V?5@-)EG 36'ZVU*!11&

OK]0]US_\C
M=/P_I_/YSY/&!JW/JQY^GORZ&P*/_+GJ[4_^U_3^2BV9<?*OAZ
P_7YKS=Y

M('4\9]9S3S%Q BDMA9/5Q'H!T#M

M&#(




M=\ASNK

*I9NM
MM9R'RR?-]:#M7JST2P_QLM_&WFR[#
W[)!\-P2S
 BQ'79#&=-6K][+%\
M492&^N6OG\.XWDUGT?4-2M7P?*-5+OX:9E\'\_!OP


M*4+'?%3H_'@TCZT)U_W\Q:RNG6??PH_9X.YN-KV;C0*49H/A_RRKN#
Z]
/1

MH=NAP?&NZMK@GLRSRW&(7$=7H]#(V*KPLB)CK/3PT*?
!*\M&(.-%]P.[K/E



+



X@!'KB][R?-J

% )5+ HLQ^
L^HZ5#7ILV$J'NX+CPN
.3;X.

OG\X=VLS $Y0]ED\M.AE95HS:E 1.'/KB5J]



\_!U\?#1T]6*[?H%GU9K68

O
K^80A<PP\K(/R:!X6.;UHY? T8#+<V

M*NHI[.TLOPXO*OR5Z;PD
PK)B\Q+;;5+B-_@ *?EYV*-M^()&[S@12/J6X5\

CT;_&LT+KL7XY;!Y6]UVL^F/6]Z%^%))O1Q.ABFBR


;!9L3T/4M(VG9@RU-[@*/(FZ[ABSTIHJV/BBZVH._RV
MO
TK1K\T
@^3

M U#480@_3P-DAN@Z-B4*J@[M^NW#8_E.5 
F$++0&JR
ML#P2FZ]A.YCO6O:





M3#PK$_'DX--Q
_;&A=7^J8OL?P\FR\'L?I59^J2;=8AN]^!0HJZ7T'RDFR^J


LP9C5
9S_\V^5EGE]='02\



MUKT/-+TD;D7D/2!JKX#V-&+6!'*] ;E=&(=KC&-( 22!=L@;8TD!-'2L4+A
M@R5/AGMK'FPH 2UA_[3D4%M-W%V=


M495.47[03(CV8*
]DB(!1 *(W@/$KE@&-LA
X[WTW%
EH#1

';T
M/4F*YP$CA2/O$H[T+5'A\WR^C*5X4J) P :+*5##EJ/5-:0XVY$PY7@0;6



G0%


M!U]F@\G\*I_% ](7TZQY7/(Y$9.[E%K42DVE4UH$G0:4&Q9W2QFWWE:I)#D@

8)!QCUQ%G#$?
4J





M^*G-@X\$0



OJ\ZH)


@'6$NV#

M

%O
!L
\&ZP\
MH.RN='PNPIW%T=_9]6 TF?_IN_$T8


M:X

T;+!?3ZHLR/Z^*?T[$+G5X[RY70\'MS-\Q^J/WY\Z!;73N(Z







...@
5R2DIJ# !'S]%%@ATMMYAU





8D-@*3QB0Q!(
61*5PCFH$[SYXL



\S7 *U:[7*_2Z4:0]2TI&0:?$O@4:;H
$ K$D$X#WR5@LN

*

90.
MFWKG0 ,W9%]!R#A].+Z9.B3K_)T


MK:?FKP.I-P?DR0Z_/?H^^9R ?+$8%]'D668&[
* QC$V$H6/2&.KB;3:TX4
M6V?U J@/F1A03]*9ANV)I3])^]]+3*U7^ 4%(Y@* P7ED.#4(T)-OSXKDO]
M+8-$)U@ G# D84@/

(
M3@63$B;T$1-DC0F0.ND-\ )C(@31U

&4H
LQ2)E7




M&)XXGXY'P_4##RX)^YSC^^)A:+W7[\L68UZ? NP5]A(XSP!TA&*J0^BWADH!








7&SV(Y6[+S]9:V@



:- /#$2$8;!




M@TY



M?OG\?]27S__'99]_^O7++W_[J_OIRZ^9^LEF?W'V/S[_]!^9
N'GSU\^NU^W


R#T=75P%4)HLLBEAT#O/[
M0M&&P7PM@U
7-#:_&T1H&=]G7_/Q]-NG_5T \

M\

7GG-=



!;L8Q



MO;J:!Y4*MU9:50#$-



$O^?!G

.5
M.

=6#

MQQDM[Z^O&


M@]N(AZOA6@1P?NW4O7V9ZO'U0@ %$3D C3*TUDF%#$6.^10@9;H)7UE%OC

M/?COCY&




M:23#
EUX


I2V :&N<
M'MV#)--@/3M866MU7H\_-O*U8R

)@5Y7::E[1QD=(%:/4C[6)KS^')2W_A?W#P

M_R3&EYPWYW-*V- _*'BIYA-9A[U 6ZJL-PA#RHB@)(:]4?.) ]H]P_CNU/PS


VD/G6AYVCJ+X?8YMDEG3YQ)ZZU#W:F.'\(!W3Y:)*T[




N2@O//;$(!_#?_8/#
R'38RZ435MWAH;(-O<@-+9F+^#<'RVO]296=U




M/(3Z&C+IG-
)&TMG=<6F_]ZTYU_%W*
*V<
M)P_-XJ8Q_/GJI^ED^)B=VN^<G:Z8-R'30O2I*'K_]/JE:MPX)XM!H1P 1$LB
M,**(

MC)?_

MN\4T6\ZCQSIL-'
TR?ZQ#*^Y*GS=\@#(60-:YA?9XB;/S/0VO/H^R^/1!?&N

@C.]&R4+^ZC.WT[F/V6+XI]

MAF8YSX=Q?

UHH[L;CI;7$W'HVEXV*0L?YJ-YO-E


M.D1]M+FQ']6B2[[BS;+KX&;
L^_&P=/(Y]]O/N5V.LD7@]E]_8Q3G'=U/1M=

\P




?&=CW?^/ZO1O3]V!^
MQ[R2YC'7PO4#M]\-!Q3Z@7R$D!(C1;*60TY==8[1Q3Z#Z\Y#%0(JT8PM)2
1M=
M^W\5
6+O
MQWV*0608PVDP
I02O9E/AZO?OWW#^!#\3F\\K+Z_
BT
M?AG=!O'^*?^6_3(-3LK#Z?TV&BYN?I#R$P



.S8EN)G^D)R_9?X
 J\]-M()ZC[$)/S.
M/;( 00V%$E!@^2[EHVM_



M2


$-8&V:*C3/*0B4$0TYQI9TJE-4P+#7
M/576=@TSA+#GEOG]#/$;)2]UE9.LM+3NW K_A?U7M1*JFG4.3(&XIJ
$1Q+
M)9!U@GG.#*#$X\)(6


M)VGM3BIFJ ;(8


MH52 [9U9)

M&4GQ?\*)SN/$+H8 2;H&N.X1 122K$D!&&%!(M H2 @#-S'D#1+CT@+Z1X


(H:3O





MX((0WF?-3UY#ROU)N3_[T5(_EZ=']V.YX0S2!7:9!%F33%!BXF+H&%Q$ZFBP

]NVWYK:\_QOV_:RA/F<+%6)^OHE

/K
MB\Z]^'CO5H. (]/=#-5'OR!(H72&




M#HZI4M@XP#@!ACE'N7+ERI



M6K[0HG$D&N?W2@D% DPI:0%QR-&OW+$&V?KZ7?_0@B6;1DT=J-OCFIHV_K






C)*(G?HR\[N8



2[1USP=ZIN$ZL 7122W+B
MZ\3O8M


M(SZ'P@6(Q=0CS%4MIB-0HRS^






I@S%'0)YS5BH669Z)E[]G7

A=^EV=
M-(.U62WI6*MUZKV@E4
(D-A S  5C&DI%]*NS3*E'T3$S?XXDJQ
0%?)Y
M^(Z?CL5/M7E]DE'&3&PLESP6FD(

4D$B*$T
M-86(I0P8'AA2B:QM9P?:320TW@+X5O3=NT?5X.9W^)*%SY6FX*=&KG2XK)

RI?%;*0V((6:F&*K1*RQ%I9B%A/AF8U@9BG4N_AMSHK9NIZO+Y[-MN4J
MQ.J!.P(YU$(:9*6/
L 05R#


M55=3:#3'YH5R2EO5C(Y5#JR*2U+C#&LM8Y(G$9,2IY2%*@U()86'I6JG@G



$$): J
4BDDBB+0T*/H

&D6A0[3L=;NKD4A?_
M?7'QWWN4W/==A4RWUFZMY[#6LU[?BW%U!L=FE Y[T?5CF3F-'_:Q%(][9-*?



M77AZ);O[9:!K1];S?+.=+=Y9WJLKZ:_90DMGCZ= G[V]VT'&4#IO YJR66
M4&:Y3B0&

MNG5Z1

MKVE_^
LHS]\.%_=_?[T00Q^R29 (PZO

.
MB#MER*7A/!8JYJ\K#QXD7'3$@)U)1QIGP/$2ZM1$I@%]%F1-'8\__DUGV
M-%I 8 5^[R6.\+H_[+FEOB'?:$!!O&D$/ SC[YD@]'W*)_=WJ83]XUPT
-L


_FH1(EO$/1VN/!Q!*^Z$Q0\_OUI3!HO/D'SX
_CP
M1[O]JGT7//OTCU;%DX^]X 73R$T)@P5#EHK8^(\HR*CH/T#XK]F\P374$T_=



M33CC36BI





M1'S.B8F9UG%(+=.:^!DTS^)@/4*8H]4X_3S3




$W4/)IZ$\GR([;^A\(J_P/DG#
N: &



.-NXEM1N1V2




MF!S?47.J6'-R4++UD@B:WW4%&8R5A93840;$PM#4AB$&*
X98UD7Z!2-)D

M8WI'DZ.WVQ]EV

M?_IJ)0_$D.C'V6
HGCF(3[YET?W@3LNC6\\&X-&QF95(88T0G2D!L9
\(9



M68T Q
!@Q7ABG=Y)2



:1Q?



QQ#2E0;2XULY91:6.86 0
LR9T;DPTQ029I\8U#EU%

[FI$4@
J
I!!(QDW7'(#C7+_A];;B4T
M4FBM.VY;J1:

MD@A*GV7*R]$
JM9S59


M^K&*C5/!I8(B3D LD DX@X'E4#8Y[V2'PJ6#Z[@=SG0XT^'
H7!&U.8J02.@
MTV8P89(HR#6B/. 
^U%:E<7?+[I;=]OS]


=I$WN$7


%)82




M&[=VFIE9U&NW,6]GFB/.+*^'?7ZT[MH/.E?9:=DCG11K_89,+)2FY S5 G
M

25W- ZWZ%FZZIV53=/YB9]9A2* 5)6_



&]: (P[


M'=ZYMQW+G86IUX6X6A?B(K)2
M]P2T%DIAJ%5$
QU3$YL@SA5(*9KR=-+ N7T?#KYVQR^[9&ND%8%/?-&S
'

M+;Q#!F$F^-JXEN9PX2G6XFG@PE9%W\\S&/?


M:S2
 VA49KE\XL%J[O

M5%CR5K3KC;88VU&F9=;+MM!PSE  ZFR=BFV@&B;(*7C.%&4&9H$:!
 KX^

S)#\;/[!7CA5_



M0 ]&5[^_F#E7W[*!EF0@*^)4STDCJF!!$DL$J8Y2!67$FCB#*OJZA2S)@B







8\%CPI
M-UY2N.9$WV/C15

MO;U








=&(AH591
M[K$PKR//MI)G2S6VG=?YVS#/KF8.

MSZ23G$;&:0MX[







M]#UF'(:[?U@N(



M5]. *22Q

 H::]9ZR=1C_;LJ50NN*9G&8_I9'.HZ'A08

6)85HJ214%HC0[H*#XH/ZF!5TMOE/@9K*@[=
!

']]OO;84?.1?[LIN3'-%O80]W^AA
M@1ASEG=:[\@)SP!Z43%4T+/W37IX=YBLW&$LII;R&$GJZ$E%50MJ$P3NS9&



E0-@-_:BL!HBF%A.!-)8*)4H0\O@&-0H





\2-TR!
MP(CS3-0::
8 : MCHU&B
+0QT?
4/
D(YG!MLE_=^M[@;%PV[TI/XX(]EIS8

+*8Z
M)D C9=T'FK(86UND:TI*
M 'HB2 DC@MJW.[P;


MQ:.U^L49J!$GS85;



M.

D HM0DR&
MKC7^:U92'I#A^#DPW(NQ6^&EH/=+2CS/#_)M-E^2UKNK-(6H8FZ%&/#B%3*(

MSL ])5;?EK-)U3Y.0A)[#K:0




M9+3


M'
V)%0?.E5HND$2\4Z


MQPC4AG=#10@U!IB$88L@-HNB!


M]G
Y#9?  &?;4@:)!//^U(@8P1]U3S_



E]!9QC9UHX&L3[S:^%KQY6C&LC<A_Y5GOF6J[*
M@OE1T7$C,Y$?% OW4%5#H]4?'?V,R J)O@[O-+#2'^%/412]'T:+(;07839


MLUL]FDQ&W]WSF]3#Q_1N64K
M5AW5) M0N'+%PJA\/*C!X9;%5'QI@9C+:[C



M DD
D5[O*;



=K

MJ:].7_
+O8AZ;CV]*



M^DZG V\T?;K)LNE?)Z/9N.\]^W]




IFVO@+)ZZ=''_42_\$*O:

8N;J_?+V//-#!



=.Y5X

)0Z#H.*E0@@AECY5S+&)#&]K3U6)(
MOV9I/IN$C!J=YOU\*4NVE.(?

M'99U6';66




M\F+9@RP:!V:X6E[Q][X_M'QT]R7S(.WN

MY BG?QO*;OW?%T6UC+^4V_]\ON/^9?HU$.\D^]?


%9N'[H0M+V)+^U)]M[M
1@VCQ]F T'$W]3[(_G(+Q









M7PN9F\:%
AWYSA_]:^\P2;^







MFR?GO.U5IEG8C\!A5?O%A1R
KN;[
<55E7!!JKDCB&#'.=2&LDHV4/2H 
KL?'W8(_S'?$EKN@AKVWU1[\.II



3(1:=F3!\M


M)Y^_CPXW1*O)OEWM9ZXSD.EH3ZYK= O:P8X(@(H=&:
()0!QG H&+)$ZY(=
M@35@?W;TQ8*'DX-@8ZBFDX/MXDC\8N6@-S%J52X 8L,Y9 H92RE+!L9C\5@
M/8WSJ8R7C&:3@_&=!)TD/#%)2#I)N





M.IZ^^LN/T

?\-IGY
6#YSV_6PBOK0W7.)$NU9LV

M_?5O[@N^+T_(JIGTOX7V0N^RZ5]]DM+!



MP+ BY_TFZ_GJ]JLK7X/A4^$/GAB
8*TQL8X3*;0@0CLS#V&*!1)ELJ$F$M4T










M\K//'U5LHX_6V+=_5_H7^RGZ9





:8:D)B

M?C&SP9UM
=5$[H%\5[6_]]?LJ_I(%2(WY5-@0)=+M]6_[VYOC[BD'U]
MRIK^)?9P
M?.$'BSB2ZW\=%B9W-KP)=FYI\%<L<SW(_NC/
M9VY\N9L3:VB;

MUK@C=^O@X/! 
9N
1WD8Z=3WC4H*V%NFK\)HU9=_OXQ^?*4_Z;\[-)AW3JH:


$[#B_-I_W#NT%C\I5G?RP+@H!JIZCE*
8
B:I0DYI


W


MM'+=


M;0S)
W0V(?DN_G_0^#^$+R(!X!^AUXH-O5:Z9(!S2@;HXOW/9IEU)W]_1+\[
M^9=P\OQT9



M8)M(@Z#D4C'*96SC$C\Y@VOS#XTCS\1'.'71I*RJ=U;#7A6[+TD[F8QNWV7?

 PQQU28I5@ 9I4 B$(<Q@<JP

+!\-RBKYY :WV:\Z)B_FJ6NV?RG?3]**]::'8\






#V\5;P^,(C&QT\
M=O#XHN&1@EH$PS)% 3 ()T0E0 J+RIP7%2=K37P.X\'-]&W@<=GM=/;AXX[

LC#D;?IVW


MQX&*P*[#EC]D[C1'0S7L!73_

JGDVS:GX1ND]H![75_FGNWOV/@V21[=':R
ME@P!C367*!$R 9:CQ6!6BXRLS4Y6A@L5Q]!: F*F#5 0+P+U3CE_=';RQONL

MB7X;!GWBT]1/';^(3#I



/II=_ZO:R\@W^C[SM;NNL4#^COEGH#



E (QNLG0PO;GR9[.@$_?M
MQ93TXJN]5:H;Y0_3W?S
(G?

+QW2;_A&^
^Z[#F3<;CAIG@ZJ



MYN^^+QC+W?CM?
BWLT/W\Z*S\IE_UP!&1^O__]N
 7_\//=^
L&'/EQW.5


/_Q


P7J
ME!OB^2SUEDNO=$;^
WB1[B'-O'195H\8:'5ERS$HMCPLJ#:
\N ()RL_%/0C
MXB6A()8HU@)82F YA@!@5

;XST!'#Y




M





MJYV[B2?]W--/2+=9)[5:!+]85!!:@\*C4%UT-
SF$\.6=F95D0H+\.*N2A;*

MHY%1H!!)8BZTEI#Q1+
$Q/
&98P@;N'F%/0Y
M3?D T\






M&(.(4CQ6
IH)V(%5!U8=6'5@50.K^H!RHEDBB66440(
ML1 96I1.0
H?&:KL .K0W5?;E_JXAZE[;4N@WQ9+0AGMQHTNR1#2:$JZ84


(!;
MV+7E@7P
Y_$^V*3%.+63\/WRYPC@K//)/O1SL/RQ!QHTM =/VJH.G!1N; T3
MO(()8R@1$EJ@.
$.& 1-2&EB2TFV2$QY$DRTSB]-7RQ



*]2*IE2JQA9/A@9&ES;6Y;AV.-4;Y%@4&-[3(P/QMD8)@PC

 9)X10

N$Z$3A&-A%BFN

[#M.QCH8* M(I^16I6I8-)*
MB)Q.+[B F+)%E:G0VS1R.IQVWW%]Q_4=US?&]:)J.



^]$

MAS(4&PT  1A0A*R$9YM65
;]$1X9E4Z(YO.[Y]X7PK0-6W++'08$:=V$40
J4<M@:!_;+C52UA3:*NY/@VY7=2
MZ0% 

MQPEB/ :LY'NJMLE!W9GOS]M+WO%[Q^^M5?1%!0(&2PA
 8/VX;&[A(3*.
M0]0:1?\
'  =)G28T!8=0%8-$Y%3$

60.MT?T[.@@
MH(. IB! PJJ[6XRMB%7(& RX3!!.!&+&:G0@-:8 1T$=+GJF\

.

MY6


D'VH0\OAFC22^;EO



.$@ C^L
M




R6Z9M!VD[6B@GF]E%NFNVTK&_W
Q@5&^I
MK$:C#EH50+9PNUK GD6M^7)JOY%\30O
NYA/I_-OCB[2XL3R]W?)X*F-6%U2
MY]MW?&/W=\2][EYNYGACNKJ+]I*%F1R
TNFT^O0_WX WQ6O[F*/Z]0/;^&5R
M;9?[

I<3&6L4[\2H_3X\#H<=*]7Z('D^FS*U4#:TN8ZV/A37'

D :[#K&
M4*
Y+O
4)(D9(#WJRAZW-#Y4X/]I]KDD




M#-+V

M?J7

M3-I0-
E']ND711[SOA

&AXGCA8F-]0T2=H<@ TBU^FIF &.(00-;@C:(SZ]%WUCCX7XVYRI
M?%!0XE60$\*6OE#NBJ(0JYIH4!2(R

M'%=LY



2=
B
622VH CB






!/
+P)+;




$6





MIXO2


75





!@90CDP








S'^4('E RNK?:UK+9T7
7@[F]-$0HHQJFZR$XR


MR0
;4KH_'X[

M8ANO4SU0$U*6N9VGEY.9J]AT$4N7V;/O#HX[T\/_\H*5#:LC1J]


M'5XS:= %MVU#





9

M0PUEK:(;BE_

4V

MC\2[K8K)/06W/;=Z;AV(X Q!RYR*$X-YI!5GL1641!
9UX)3 MJCD^E6!:=G

M_-TFPX



DL8P1

301U'

//@K.]M-JD8(C-[WCU$WMW4Q.:DY64 .),*R$T
MI11B T)5F]@@ZI/CO57!? 1:]V#M:,^NPQUZ[B3=09Y1HJ'U)!(Q@;%H8ZA
SLI'=^8-3-H[;;:Q=.YX
MQ3!$@D9244AZ'&+&X&V'/#^@R*+D_C2WL8]<230SBX5%[PP:%!$.5Y ?%





M;_!^9%)ZB*S:-XPM0MZI+1.1YAQ0 F)L# B9:K)+


W%K:BY6@$9!PI&$4QTX2%6&.B&F$KM=J'L-VA6MU+_GKIZWEW&*8P



U )%T*

&0QGR
M


M1I(;@FF

$



M_FMA(FQA@F.#B290&!5#B/JM0AB4Q

BVV8C#B,=XS &PL 0(?NZK@80D03[529\6-#G W@@V%8^ .G4T1(!%0\
M@A&2(K9: F1A



MYGLPGB_/IVGP'Z#XWT;[\^AF5W=S/X7V5OE\.ADW=WI]@?*776S86DI[:N
V

MG
+VR5X^&N.Q]XE-\E[03B+$M1)=M$L%O8M*A$)102B=H@JJ--FL0_@*Q\
M8

MM?NI6:#
8[''8H_%7LO=KI;+6Z3%. XECPD)(44101K1ILFZ@;Q'-\@M:[E[


MFO(TY6G*TY2GJ=.
MIMDD@5?D^DR=:'UCA96!]W/T\O);&:?Z@6A]ZW:O0?B



M%'$(HY!I1&N&\D(#)'IT4AF9Z+W+1M+XP]Z[[$(N:PY=10*!7R6& 304
5


/E21



+7G4HT/@J\E;S[@^MKUN SZFBV166JX2+/<-:+Z8;Y</))2=YQ.


@R-S7(J+8O.P.P1\N/YS'Y


HILCZL'9ZG3;9:;#)&M


@':V][OAV&

MTAF21KXE0]N[U@\-
WI#1

$32\







$(B1 :!AJ
M@3EAUK2(HUJ1


M)+-Q
7KR
M].3IR=

0--
M^!O3J$_B3Q^DVT/LNQ?2X6T./3A(I// =BS YI6\'M#7*4B'6D*@I%$:&Q-)
M+GD=50G,J9/YL^6E;P=AG3ZH%EIPZ&7NT[6G0\7C#LBWT
M
/GE4*02@HL
MT)&02FX5(5BK?9J@'J

MJ30% A@
0AX3*2*+QNWH(\3Z# XN
R]^;PCVPTR5I/K94:KW/FY*6D/ZWI

U;]Z4.CK%5L/
MQUZQ[0&VHJU<APIP 2&+%9(0<% 5;EN%5LMZ+X5VWV#[:LZ= \*;$]ATM$#

H^*HSXBS9T/5L+I*0C_%R$/5P*'*ZUV/@UEG
M+J*!&$226PP9#&AH-&[!8[P3,AA'+/=V1A[?C@#?C@_.^J)7IX
#)6$
MH2010A$1H8A@I8I)9$

#M$INW'B

MM
UDLR%F

Y;;J=2*X0$%$02:YQ$/)2FY':%-$8K34MV

 (;0$
Q5J)T6BRMNE]@P!E?F4.Q;MK^2





+._)A-IHNQV5?3CD:+:^7

ZE,[LVS?VTO/Q9-2,L1]9WL[?6Y;M?/?&?B<+\C3[.AFE@=L<
M-_A^X^<N0?$O:T 1PE;IQ%4FACF(EC1G&LD2IC4AI%7/48G=XY^0+=/?<




MI-LBCG\DDUG^BUU?F@\

MD8M_K[+Z
C?)9?KV/$N3/]\F[MS?)]-OR6UN;_;WJZQ:SXX?\@'=^O7OV-SW


MSJ$!P-JQ=.

*D)-)













M8WDZ$:K

G=9Q4
M9-\G=9SLT?ND#I_4X9
Z[IBE)&Q]#!KHF - B(DPHH1Q:

MR&O(TR1:&6 [&
@;ED=/A/RH 6^@=N7&ZY1/^@6/([[J
SXHZ !=R(V$E!FN


M7EL'9&';E302
4-AQ)#4(8DH-W688QZ=(M[?:P;EO(7TA-PO)UHT_WRI?OZ
M^\G;O=H-2

MX
)21E[VRY\'^?+B8C*:V/5.;P.[?6F63RYN[[0^L]^Z3B:SHG-;$F1IDL]G


MR2[317F3()E.YZ

RT?:]C(H7E\'(42



B8)8O^:@7B,DO'GV:_
MNW/*K*Q323[)G^S 1C#0FD62T

8\HU





T]



H6K^


-%12;/__/)
V2;'1U6R@R=]

RCT=:A;9<JXREQ]OR90@-8%K:Y
M
7L IXVER/#*9P9%P_L*;'EZ]?3JZ=73JZ=73Z\G3J^#BHQW:QD@WDZUQZ^=

N6%:*N2





M?%20TIFCP76,-:0(2 ,EC&+**TA11LSH)K9_I!R/+%-2D(/)!Y(!@LDOV^
MIQ0;%F.E8B4
'+P=;\ZA.T'[
M06 G38Q1Q:PJQ:E1W @50_M'#8$Q&$(RQ_GEO:\7A'9:3IYPFYV,AN?O'A0T
M#E4).PUH(EUW401AA

M$VFA(@(2640B420YYDV[

MJDT



MVH'+9+9
2B8KOE;^\/XSKDYF?K/S-9BWKO3ISA**?Z^R^C(WR67Z]CQ+DS_?

#B8)1.I]6G__D&

MH%GW2BF!=%U.R1VU;E5QVVIJ227Q5FLCGE5



_9O
M9T2T:8K$$;AK!G;VFYF2.R.
_UK.%^DX^
UJ^U8!L9PDK;[U-0U^3;(_TT7N


*(-J(28LWF)0C;_RW/:CS !F
MQ] 8Y 3T%0]Y X










B J 0$ .NM&IRK^PO]H]XSYW.



4^


P#'TRY;G X/?P:5&;2%




YOD_'BZCT4[XC 

W(@R
M=\


C!-LLOT++BV;.XNGEN G-J5W12_3F:/
MWO2A.RS2;)8X29=

MOUO'J)Y5GF85=


M.9UW


MM($DC(D))8D$4M9(ETB)*YM=HU,+/1ZFSTNEI.S=*=;'Q]
YW?IIFN5V/O



?W



( 1@B!&KCBF#_;K;I3X!J*S^V8H&R@1NY+-YXLHT


MB7E']*C,!(F%@

3YJ97I0K#Y4\7V4S!ZV32P5
M#[4P!F+-N8AB 1O?($L%G 8S'[XDGUX['^$MC0^85U=A)U9(A&$D230P@$
MD(B8L)JGH9$O=9



XLW]L




MMFB;+ R_)1$]2&S;*=2$X042\)PA(14
M %
)5%BSK%+Q2]W;.V+9_8AHM



-3(<D[IDQVSUMX'WF^'\7O\B_P21\%O\O<O



\6Y

MT\6W-'U!$YFG#5M L&!IV$G;(E1+1NT[E.MB]I[4(0$8 PYC45#M77ZR4MB5



M_9Y^3:U^\3%=;


3
M*X3JQH&565+T_

6V-\4@XD;,BOF<?UNKH]G![NN<U
M#T-LH)81XI'@$E =-NVF322Z[GG(H;)V,$
T2C2Q*BRD[ZT%\ 1?E(RK+W/
<EJUGGH]Y27
M4D/+)*\ER3P839/)=2F#ILFW?#EQ3;=O
FOC9/9*Q6BC:NS

MLY+B\WQIH446)Y&X'MR38GQ2)4/*%M9V-Y=N2(RU8L[==*4TSVM/TR0OG4U6



MLE1R;FW


MZ]S=TOTHKX2Z2V*S#V

.?!?\G_DW*RZSLWN/X%KY\OS



 TLCAY.)9L?(S*4V0U=T7NBM5
G?/3W



MWB P:O6&*-((QD!0%-(0B:BIA 2 ;Z2G[L_O:$XYWS.5VM:#VF3CZ#XONA

 YHP1GC-G03#E4ZY
M^Q.[N^1.X3M@'XX=_8!
*NJ
-]&4[@2-\
WW8#Q?NHR(ET2-'MW=ZFY%_L5*
M?.HP@A!K-^PEPV\WVY_]:CH0W&E1QF.N6P!@R:BBH1AH^H( L4.5)VM]E;
M+:=]@?&Q
87LDSV\;\)CY[;'@!\M5/9%1DPZ79RY0*&@$=01UA&(F&G43!F2


IXDV22]4P-5%%R^M;ODDL+;Z__P0?_Z^2SX\-G]






REX6FUAN9UOHE5=D4-0_V\THZVI=S;3=


M)FE9XI/


M_R_XX6-2';==P&QDZ==^5K:B#WZS0GET^^.9NV)QOD%R/4LMK!5-MMW6C=/S









1<W[U89.RJNE(J;S %?J4O7

0A

M4Q-AV+KNK;[.%; TJ!F0W(4V)2Z(D$8B9FQE!



51

M6POTZ:%CK^Y1:2YF/_JM:+!=?]^^\7MA\786ZQCAR[QB@^VY@]$VZV@&6_ R

G_.;G

0@@AJ'
M1@JIJDH\IR':]P]?0_QM8K]\

MLTM7]C-+@OA[

M9*F&G!8I!IT





MB1/E 


R(:UQV]^
S?FL5
MN0?;4?555U1774FK&VY87+[XMH/J\JI$M7XTRS)U^6GUB7LB2W^=+]2%R6OK
MF\NZ4*O*J:*UX7.#5.7)=E.L%X6[1<L(=NK62 L*YT;+;DSD;RUN*OU+68
M:'K<O+/T7JL'4U=.7?[&[J(U,N[Q$7^$CR[JXN&FQQ'E9!U4C%$D&I3Q47
M'LUOTK*!2]N?XW%^*8KX.WYHRN^*8YUUZX4[I8:))MIYUB(':1+MX]L+J9
MQ,.K42^ZMOWS[5
^I[GZ3U9V+8D&CNHN

4:1QT48






RF5ZA!J]


2I*I(UC[^RU$O_



MJ3L.-K=FJ8V7
L_
T^$B*V)/:Z=M\]%5KQ7O?I*.;NR9^VR:KKWK+_IAMWKM
M]$1-J;G)+)F6[6?LVE1!2M4=U:GJ9HHMXB#2;[:YRVTR7Z:\T=(H+15.;4.4



K\N7IM
DK
9FGT(#%[7#



M5(_9FE?%OJ[ASM+Q2N9]T 
?;K]T?0FW.N':3;9#[9QK.WC_97PW-NML=J

#[[:P@?Y)5=5X4M/8_&NVR
UA
MDT%H][H/-L=766=D


MU#@J*W
]FZ;Y9%*? BV*XD(VC4\COG[RP$S$E0/1LQPMAD6I@+_JD8W2^UD^

=I(8

MI$*@=$_(

+N[


%P?(@
4DT*$*&

9!ZO33M*Q__\);U))I&F

M\3&B
VZAIT[

MO7FV
C%^B

2-#[E5_K
M'Z^U_N24S^8;ST#A=!_-Y8UR8UJ?'L^7
J[WB-6UM3ZTPM?LUV=5MKKBY\@[

 MKYGK0KDYRB
HE^5_TOD

M)%-D0B-J_M^=A^R--74FUIZ/6!U

(I%Z!A


=7VZ
M1+Y;#8XVVG=4ULTM.BW8ZJB6AXVZ5$E-2X)UEX:6YKT;*9+:;-*4$2(PI!$
M#FI#:BJT14B
=G+W;N

MC^]

MXTY[A[/
]!2:N5@+C=HF=K*JZ/XY-7$6IG51DDU-IKYFON6R^H;LK?E3WJKA





C:;)F#Y/U8$(O37/0^]*;



M(/^1$5[6X;4L4 %C?NA32@2




!GA$$M54(!J*I*

M:H='K YK?A\V^/V^XO?[FM\+B?3#TH6K/_\X
-Z4(NGUN()+P#JL):9AP&.&

M@TL CQ!-WS!'DGEGM-I++TJ

MUHYEA*1D$?#F'(,(ZFBM!H#.73M/I+/8.:G

I\8_Z[;=%@9-




M-E

ML3%^JJDI_55+JF0^RQ[J'T(]S9/3_]


M 0#$




M'Z\#-^'R4WWB\3731L@HGF5J_DN:Y'
$]+TF/


!N$\A+D
$IV
UZ1O8OP5SN%J790+XP94T*D-C].3GS0L,.=CP5$<=
M/Y;16R9[H4I7<-XADPJQ',[S!*(494*3A9:]B:WWZA*%S1UEBH6-[;5 ZK),
MF_+0EE1W7J%\T8S:7L6W(F+[R;&X0N[S9AW*6)G)]IP

MW'AVAOH_4W
*EA5U^(X

M7!'A!\
) T]KGIHG
\V?1E#HI4]


MP151% 21SWPA? 4E)%(1Z%.*3=;Q6N^WBHF7L2_0-/XHTK41-+;NE6\S&+CB
MKL$*UYJUF^=/












7OV_

M6_-S(0*;7V66JY#CH

MMR]_
EI H6/DC[09KC@+OWMZ?0JN+16 ^S\\VP[%^S_ _M^QUZ\(IFM[!=_]

!?^29_S=?W#^RS:93XA
B
MA][/-4U!0T6+^]6HNB=;


M5N5@D;1:H4%P$& :

AX31HN*/0B%$FYMO= X1'@L+/H;?1O+UT/0WK5ET
M-&9P[SEN303PKFQ!2)/%4[30&[H\I /!ILN8L@524*.R.B$TX@0PA*4?AHC&



XTC$V ]B*16*58 #7)9IIK'/5[%B%0EBO1
[
M
&]1DM^5]SX?-]N_TVPV

M*28(*06CB):^?T(P.3

MYI0



M/O*R -










M;OCN8.!')%(A\R.JK6T(M*U=\B_B\LA=


1WBA
7XS@31Q]JT^SO



%!%54@@&?

M*

M+Q^0D%:96 *LNSGVK(IQ)HY-. RU5#HOM3.6SN)?;6HL@U44 TJ*&81A1*






M+BR1D)$C%RD^%!%.%(W;9AA
9\V

;LR+T&#F7H



VI$:;4$M9$OH
X(@C+B*?BLK[H1!8R^_M.-JT

MB[6^'.2@9E=ZQFD$8U\$! !?1(@5QU AC (104Y5S?;*I',#(HXNR,===,%
M^R28-ZJ@=



ZKGT%YG#ZAZ;.VQ]95CZU85


M/T%Y222&7+





C
$

MM- UCRQ)\]DKTNP*_NR;!]YX[GW7JSE*]3CNS&'E\RK]=+S]*
=7;WX.6W

]=D



MS5W^?IK_:




M4I6IU5+?^Z1NL?4]\)V7YL/DWMC=V2)]][=(??[P_L-_?/$^19^]X..OOW[\

M4
X@0)H#)--\(4



W-TO
MYF[E-


M(Z6N!6%J_08527ZL*+*%R+.F'Z?-&KVHW22)5F/ .L9(?8+$2R'JT47+J3'R
MV#X-7G!@1ZM02^

MH:B'HO.%(DXK*!*(0:.%3


9
EVB(1/788G(A85DZ2A-[^RECUWW
MEEIH;T$6M++!)4(6V/B=!G 0:A9$5X#XU &)-5)-#[5(-!=XRL-BVLSJH7
MKT+.&MVV]'1 4&C(72(60#* 1$







DAX_&VL06+TIMS5V_1S&LI3()8A01



M^N[:!+S19Q)%0D6









M0YEK[63H$.8 \G$0+9:7ZYGKIZY#F$NVL@[53@4Q%S+$
B8B@85G')7#$)
MUV)M#V6NM7.%PY@+
SJ@Y%5(KC?B57KWM^CZ.AW:G!(;ZS?^5M1ORGM/T;G:

GSU?O*2IR-W(39N+-[HORZ].1EWQ/LE'NO52-&-1.
MC9@N\L.^3BPJ:R=6C)BW ^%)(HK'V%&9%D&BQV5@GF_728V4I7R:2(*[):

M?1@Q$49*V]Z 


ME.7NF=B= IBNORSXN!=&;81I4%\0?T8X5B0*$0!(@&DI=[M*[?@?LLACU$

MPZ?JT.S.H4?)\NUD:94M?
UA+8@!$\HWPA@SRCD6
 PJOD:16N/K1X).BBU:

5JOT7
X





MVND$L/ZW#L 7OL]\PH(@1#(.((40E0(X8&)3/&]K_-JV3@XN0:L'DSW']AS;
M$8[%M

ML=U7CQ= /9?@H4X=
NR\+EV-H=K[B$*RVHL0A@R$413&)(SU?P' (BHA44JZ

]XH]:V;F


M.G(X^[BIO0\L4


$ PEDC*F/K29X6!ASC_IH7=7?4.T*H^TG!
MKIL1I#U4]5#UEJ *-PY\:!!$2 8AA1+@D(F2)6'B.%::O;N4-7Q8YTSA2IK

[9
MGL-T


REI

M[%A+KRS-Y]XXU[)IM!B:O!I[#+WB6


M+A+79V?)N9M[L[K#SL6H3!/[8SA9C/2/R?U]-OM#JU7S=/*P1P/R9RF;O.X2




MW=_P=3=
6QON:1@X^I[7\4:^D+&)6 BPH)$/$95EGO.L%JS*(^UY_Q-[WEN
M!NS-W/0L!0P;$]1:CINAEU53+&XQ\\H'WO?;\?!6YG
:$ISK]P@^R3SA=:*



BG[[VU6*]


8(2O4:87A5TUU7])):F'\@C
(
MD B$9$)&3*)F.MTK6008JDNX#NOOA1\V??CG8:A8*2$#_T \68@AA#690Q
MT8_AG
?Z
4^-8NOM^$4

KQJD&T$BY5O=C':6MC6EO;EF0N[SS+^X_GF8U.

MGF98&P++$+OT_N^2[O]X). R )B0ZLDL7V3IQVO#ZNDTMUOY.9UHEM7F?C[/


:
M(T!D))@B 8I]00-']
I$L:PW\-A[[3
MU!:3G:.UFA-S]I![0V
CC*_'!KVT4/G?Q7C^4/Z6.;7$Y.J
Y_F2^][N]48_


2=]O^EGW^NK+[W?5I[Y_M.@BKRI.$)_N!O/
MYVEJ.
9#0;:,.A+[VMC:?1+]*H-#;/;
M;X'<L@GF@F(3)OGLJ9T8%+MK3^\&WE5Z,YX:OX;W:_+@U%;$!G8@ VU:5_%+
MQ=*:A;^JR.;2<ZX*:]SKYZ_2C9Z(N<&L^SB?#\S?M=C2LU*Z+_ODVQNL3%9

MIFDV

#(V@%&ZS'RW#FT9P^IRYS


MNVZV^=W?(%C=Z7+_#S20+/08F+
 I^'


UT=B-V_1/9J0E314*XK1V

KF\HB6Q+[/$HZ1O-0_S
MNF\%%SOMP[+$9M7]TNU,K9C4&DRIN1AT-<]ZQ<H*KOV7L0((,$QEDPAC:
(




M2(]YD@:&1]


[TAV0Z'9O(ET3O6H&$M9-E4-L05MDKGE@IB98



8
MFL]_][X

9

MVUJ]8F[5F49


MD_%26]^S%OAE

64^WS8CBSZON5




MKX[153/R[N3U










F/WH@)/90CU



08J%F$41*Q(


OL_S13H*
M%]FX;#SMXKJ:PKA:]:[;&QBC@23H[6;9OGCI^XY)HO[\Z-S/CPBJ 4[A0**

A0@:D53WD]1ACKT F]8=(';.@
M1(U6/B


MI)Y0W&B.!1B'



5




MH1X#7Q




M_FD;B/+:E4T!4$@(*H0
$%
*Q*0X/=





9!]+#F_




M3D:$3G#$LZSXREQWXF.W[S
]V'3Z[F_S[S-G.6TY?GOV[JS \?(N/3+5-6$]

M'[^DD]1RV06B!
9 

M_42!L2W
M
;3A2:&^;/?HPD@U4AQ;XX7


M#)B% 4'ZOR9)C@2*!8$J
9!(M=Z5Y/@8^-S(A7;A\=#B(_(2M5H!JG/HV%&;



M% 


*(@#ADA. XH



M!ZZ'JI7D4KP!']AR=;CSRT22ET1BR#D67$*\&%Y27!K7I)-?7IVTL]+I#2L
MRIMBJV@[J7J/BIX-5.7^?18AK,R7E(-^A#:\]1EMVCPBWH5#+OS+NI=V))2
MN?+^Y?TD[JW/7F-G?^P
-




ZM^+93+E.X:N8D?RA[EZ;*6' W=7
&3YQBPM
MDN3-):6$:0H6_6 O62_LNUS-][C%:33)UHXK'-

MNU]&76@\6NLIV4VZ;F1N-D:6S
Y.U@PT9127=2
MG

MHFIV

H\!$(6
 %8*1T

!5BMT@?Y&J2!0(: 80Z!B4G72(0%9ZZ33

M=-V6

)NBT _

M0DV_

ET?
MC(4X=S\R+WK_R=/








9!2U%@Q11'%XV


IZ:?

+Z-T^]VIF.-(./
+O18JU1ZJE
]!
/]N7ZWA0S#J)\R0ZYS;8X:

E^#W_^T0[9$*3A^VST
M-



8H
MK.J53E.QP%*J.\4PFW; 1O5MOJR)-16
P4X:I9[W4@3]ZLII_2VSS]:3O9IE


8A6L\M2#AX7.-4JOC
)0ZJ.&
MG[+


MW!PG^EGR;RTE#




M84^R:



J(+5A*@MMM3MWMKLUP;-OMI8VNBA3C[=-S9(O%;TQ=
U03_^






L-T287+%09ZD$3XPH:(3ZRCVHE@XP.

M^S=Q0%Y9H#^[R9)G


M'BF7VQF)H/.J-9MC+QZK[-9EW7K_ASF$^(F!B%W5U#1;X#=
;+=R3%T^[ZL*
M

MY\ ;11IU&1HA08G$WEC) : 6$QD_:J17B#'UJKJ
UU0[P*V/%_7BQ)+F+Z-H
MV

M FCE7[5[KQXS%IUGG'=_L=U!A22&'*1^.78  :^9+@#56A+FH?

Y*?
MD?R
XL_?G^#LFWV


2N_8$J]I@__GQI*A&-_[Z@G'=(6[Q$_;62QK]%NI7P

FTEHM@B[H4JE(SV&$VBY+QL[MY
M?SIF_5#9Y/H



VI.Y9?)O.K
M?*!PU704?9C8A!M$X78V+X8WA[]7@Z8_C2^K%J7\^;937@Y]BBMAK.L\A_


M




U7/(]R4=
MRUCRM#WF B;Z%4S$&C









J_Y

YMF^?YVG2\:!1UP
M

;/S+(#QS%1B^4N9O/LR<;$T0WC0E/U+%UV1*U+PD\EY:HYXEC
MC[I#:%/ = 8U$0M4YH$G]L@Q8@T'N6 H\)XR]<


% P
@:9+X8&

MS/T=!-&YT[L?EQG

&


W=4AEFAZCL^9*8+*N




M
4




MLN@(51!
93A/8%/6V.0&.V
I45I8S00SRJHFUYR2[?%9JR(^#LOQ8'1B6;
MS.


85QG2FV$A][H8(4(:H U0J[BQ@


RB




5T\R*F]O



GW*]KXH'NAQ/LU%P$7-JS7R9RWT*(HN_F T


M]:U5%Z^U5F/_+J_OKK)<6 KRUHF5FN8WY.:?\[BI<8%\UZ$]74VO:H6?AX@
M




=K'K6
=_';50!




MJ-
8$VA+VI_@DUC6Y]&EKJSM3&]0!)+62%HC:8W7/4DY62]!)$$D0607PTK(
MRK *PQBBA*')(#&& Q(14%A@&W-2%UK6+N8=0HO(#D)WDV=-(Y04NIGQ_3

CIZ40E(*)Z@49)W-M\$=
ML,HBQ C32C%O.*X*@;C%K_?<]Z@4=LKG;:02DD)(N$
% *&M4*0RE+
H-0*





M#:
.C=H)VZYS

D^0YWH5PH+(L\/BO

TCRBRW[.YXG
MM _-&/,&V*406%FOJ'$4N$9@96[+ ) #POV+AJGDI^<H'D\T)1U7P4V%$@2
MS# @$DG(N1KAD5!0#_0?$=$_!HJAG*P0#_7HUWGG[./Y
0FA!Z@A=YRI3
M6$-4:0N1]%9!QBGRGJ.BJ
LLXRH%I])%Q#MM* )=IGN/&)7]VRZK'X-.CN\



9+$B!-H55OJ#:@J/5%YVE]OH,60M

MC1@IXAIQ)HUW'A
I





V
MO&



!%D


?

MICMA^X2Q':!6%_4$  -H(K\%@EA096)VOR3&M

Z=L-6@:^<T'A3N.TR!I?$P?MGB?T&EYU$P#&M$9
:*$@!QY5-I\)UHJG

M9!@)JKWB*!A\N6I8@\ZWTFQ]@/[4DF\)^PG[0\4^@C7VJ0=&.1+YJ[7C6A #








MKX552%5\ 9YJUZ

Y/&

M&=!XW08.F=3.




@QM9+)%3 #*,C1%(&E=PM2D:7L6M%&\7X.XVHKX78I+C
M,=FGUBKT:U#NX;7Y+(_4C:Q.B!;+%=M0IM_H2COX.[VF84)#_Y+N$CVYDLQ
M/0




M]P7Z3M-TFYCC+BMSDCE.P-S-'/



4T6YYCZGP=JALQ
 D!

Q48-R(OKKG-L+]44Z
M+B2@[QGHC4B?



M/A

X26X3D(I3+2U










L\XX9SG'CF&/@?*FG
:EB%

MD.6PABP4$!E
$97.*!*90LRJB$


FDRW UL'A7KJ:4I 3T#?'.BB4:W%I)?(4P^U-)XB+XT$



(JG%NAED1VL@OF^'!M*_V)GA!.IW0FD:0+H32$D-


3/!V64I-MT*$&Z1Q CH)
*[![S

EZPO:98CO\

V?J:KM7 0/





HZ
?UEJMM[N;S;'IY_V$^GBZ*J_PE+/M?PYKK+CY[
/X


MX5AUPCJ5T(@

MWI/:WEN(K=?
BU=1@%([]J)70




*$!_\E71[\Z48A $1^,_&[]/;Y0]__A%&
M7^?N]AEA.?+,\6;N/F^492G&+9/*400-],9Z*$1%7!2. L#__'SSV_+K0MV

M
7*\N

:^\@

JQ#ZC 8

+O/JG%(EL.=JX93=36
MJ;+E&$&^UG;S1D






M*J0%&!

]1T8);2A%W%7$#AR!H6&[
MA]ZP9'83

M!XRQG/[
!


M&G-AFZN



P @.)0ST$/NJ]
\=L)_PO]@\;\._HUZ-



P(0





;_P@^@
2,L8HI0!XFGU&CBE.*K^B0B7:O^N L<
M#B'WD1S5A,?!X)$U\(@]M)X3:H5 GIDU(H3#0'6RE=T@



+G)%J-?LV^C


R^@^0_[
7]5=N%0T?
M[%
3;B69_2#E5:+W:(5)M4S/2..H?0-/B0L1Q;Z4VF1CN0G[_L.KENRA!)'B



M2M?OD:IUD1-I_IHMP_['J8FC'Z]GB\6?1I_FLYO1U601)60RO0OB
BMJ&H
$



M/X1]?)]=9[FG^08AKZDEWD
/E

: Z^+


+TJW]YY/3;#U$E

M1%#V&%&F-R/#,4@XFK__Y+-/L_'MU^B(LCW_G)V%[S/^W_HWT]*V$@[C=9




MI.^FGQL?#T?P-\OQ]XO1Y.9V/)GGU[_\


MB!*2&@BM1HP;)\


H_


?GV8N]

U;?GIR O<C.LV;KQ/9
M&V2&NDD$O9V.QF4NZ&)@D7

M0P1B$*&Y'L

6)Q[IXL3B@(AJ$T)I[C24#
MTD!*%3424581#P$+MB^HZHQ

QPJH-)CP7'_CCFN'7

M[$L0!8&-8B=DN-(8!S5M

M/ 04.6$)A[IRS$VPRWO;P_XB*CUJ@P

AO=
SK^/KL#;9ZO+UET6Y^CI93K+%



M! WHG7?*0
L4 KYBW-&





6C[Q6) XXI.*)


MRUY;(KVA3#M(A2UGTV* I-./BS4:N&L4/?;)5HN[/)P
8X190)J&L^26-\J_ME/82[<T3/%\()L0FQ#Q K:L12*S(A'L.6F08-+ R


,/ZQ9T,I%*_T]%
M9?;59%$69V=7C=KLB[P/-#:)CK^?T[%SVQH Q&K.,H?ZX(Z;Q33B LD#*B.
MH4ZTYPW5M3@^[(AM;
B[U7[\FBW??0JZH%-?]]_9?'8U7GR)BCKG%3KI@IQ!


M57$2+?XX6GP9%^0^CWF*3O $NZVCBU%M3(7V7@'



1:F+6

L\N]'4O
L&A UBW8+FVNVZW/H4M)L*SIYJDG$@*-(!$H\I1;0V65
M7 .2M$:S/* +W0LK+Q HM,@WLX\:K$W
 @E(I D[+MCB'@9'7KABXJ@;4F





MFY?G^*K&LF2E41.LD7GD\21N @#;(XRSSO
2FIT]-)FZH@4I
6&ZBE(M)A

0$[Y98<

:]8@QUR1^9
M
)8PM@O&.*Q;]!&W %FH*:=:1I3%.0-E $X;VVJSV
WU[ ]CXB)/PQP_QLXF



)8T/!&*YK(H/9DI9R9SD4RCMA.$?5 =%YU^(?W\W=[!-C5)P$

2BDL

M8[R

(@I
M2ER

6KO?@N5!F\@01E*=865*.:3I#QZY?HR]1XTCQ2@6S
MCD(*C*X'&N* :/N-:JOLZDTA%YP@I/J2ZHOJ;ZD^KI4?1PTVD4!0M!*8CWU
M'F)/G&:D5'T4$_;Z4OB.5)_L-%ER8JJOI[$TCP=#[
C87XG*D^S\:GKUU]GT
M\U\G7[


M.0-#O=9IY;:?B!:E.0-ISL!3JY'F#*0Y XE//LT92'*Q5[DXZSD#O[Y\!OEY




M9KFSABF@'
/46UYA5!+Z&FJJC7SLCC$J*4T831@]08PVIM)Z9CTD%&LK-*:(
M(LEPA5'$Z&O.P1OYOIUB%((+B$Z;+.[DPNMJ
1F_^6U\.?DTN3S!#O^M?5M6





!(P%+O6HQXCL*JC:$;E6JVMUGK
-J]



M-VG7ME8U'I





8H7A0\=+S?#0N.L)^&0RO


/]U3!O<.]D


@1N' S


M[4;N]NI&=D- Y:+)X28 5 !J6X!*:FW$$.$H6*F89=ACRZCRI4;E(BRT$6O4



MVUPCYND.



MN\&V*K9JHQ88-\($RR-/*D]P:CT1\ZAKT'JG10'-8 LU61( V )L;84M76L3

%^1%'6AB8_'Y2WMZF-26J#

V!]PBC*+7PE@J:
M .NF7J5!17AU85A8HY9O(S#M^IS-SD5088;?$[4E?:4@2'AG18X$Z\ML'






M9*Q^B:?LG'XBOS3CM0\G+U9]9I-5N_;'KO:XO5=#C0@Z=87XAE?%]
(&IF



WXW2.=/BX=_.I7PCZ] =G7SV]^2
?C8MCBU-DO8\?



M']-%?=^[_M+[.BJTP]5P=C\[OL@UG_6.'F5YWGN/;SE9$Q(M]RQ&')$)U%(4


MOYKBEJ9+/OB8#29*\G8XN+PKUGKR63[\HW^1K[#P HE&%_Y\)AH347!S ?C2
M'U]E[FZ4S/Q\N
&



MFN)YXL3[ E4[AM3O'V7FT[#_X6Z43+;1$P.)CH97CU4$PF41HGTR&+./2WCS





MHE#%)L@P'PD*







ZLU)*NUIA40!A#&C#!J

MUAM/D6/
JWDY6W24MH

M2]903K!VL$83.9^'=$$@I %T 72Q EW(BBX



M\;Z4M1K@'H9/


J6?)[)^&2(*D

*%<.TAB=UD8
MH6!*#9 $D






GDE&8V[+=W);B^?1O[GK3M:O=WL+D
SO5\/9_?0F6!K)@ 51%NF (O<A&LRLIY:1$31W*HXIG=O


MFAO592)(Z=3K WVBD:U
_++$Q'?%D@<WN4O?OS7K^;\?3A__5L63\_
F3LUK[/3L_CF_!?S_O3-


F
MWD0N\':/F]PGUWL660L';\VG:BG$D5$%R8*%M.U4(OGBYJFIZ1B8Z
8H)S
M'?@XJZ?MSZ;Z:J]4X(KYD@K7+2)53U9!/KD2.^LQ/E





D R%H:67/6'(!@@&(NZ9' W
M'%^!9!RE(5$
J*?6_
M\+\:J:;4)YK0*'#T$. _(-?JW;E2EZHWALBXUKD3+%D71E69DQD:V%?-(,
M\C$Z0;K)KB< ?8 ^0'\?5YMP9=


MT ?H-PY]7?6H4!XY(@QG@6B$G7



MHX5V?I.5?CM9Z%T&VQAMM



M+MN[I
O(!K?Y=!?W$\5A*T.S.PBDJ$*@XIYYYRESEAO






:ANFG8Z *4#UJ-;B9QH1

M?);E/#FK9FYZH8*6E$:&K. F^6]AWB%)4Z/7Q ^4%$'Y 4!Q#2C6YKUCICU7
MDGF:@!A#(%+H$HHHLG55&90! 0X!AZOB4%4X)$1;RK4U6 KOM A!H'ERT/EU
M52*4[D#I3J-1E*Q7JR++QH/



'XS+K5]00MIC9X.+#BO!/%&B&GW/H




WZ)MA









M0:Q*K%I-*:



M%1SQX

M;MZ'1].X&S)JO$B- AD!&0$9M9&
EN6_*OV\S,NF0B&JNE$8@A%.9EL4ZJ

MS)LO

EZC1S2R;3;(\Z


[+$

M







MWPS8Y 2S)HL\ =@ [*
 -JV:47%92!X0U2GHZSFN[ Z;4K@?LQ6+NS8-


MZL19DYXI( ^0UP[DD2J+H[@7@2*J+9$$D5YU1V%,;?02FH9\AH*VF\EZVE
M@#Q WEZ1QRKD62

M/GJ*K-9())_/8C?KM4C%8OCV98BKYG CDAHMM3MKM5MW2Z.%!HUJLX74:7


8#JZOTU=.$V:'^6C[

U*_:B:K%-8E.KGC[YOTJWDF+3G
MX2)6HQIB


)Z&\#FB)4 1HE


M@&XF'(51IW5MMRJ;%@9C=S9DO%27UDJ8.


M%T!+&]R5?5HBB2:XL0(9%HJ[W0QKCY]F23C


]W$WE)]68OH<
=
M

M.+KJ#?/_^(LBF*3G
NI?E*NS]4G_

M^

M8KABJ*!U%2XP+'W))IXGQS?\1R8=M3$PRU6'P # 4


$4<WXOEI,E479HXW[)F0W< 

SBJ4
M
9V4EF2

M88YG ^



!BF




MS'VDF_7 6\HUT 4/S'@J&/FJ&44)2N*B%PS;W!$=O@'=)32G*L(#-XD[
MABBJZ3YX

MNEX0*TA VE+FF0W$$3[OTD597))=V!YFT T/8':H
%MF;6I6X2PP$JV+F#M-
^RW;0F[Y^ -=,0[\))$Z(AWB('H0]ANM1F4;J6UH^A<+V#%
QK*KV*\XYX


T%:N:6M3+Y%

CBWD*Y;APNA
M

SIS-3HC07W_XQK=VF<^^+TJ+

M172&_I4?:GIH+R:
6;^I66^3R+V+K_.)U3S4G :222$.T21L@SYZ=
J5TP
MFKS$+[)YWMN

(Z;K)L[R?83\@K=M*E9U45R?3NK^
W


M-TJL-+Y*ZF.8WPZ&DTOXD$^B9
7^NZ1&TR5\R*]ZUQ^S#U\G/Y2\L:2
)E^8





?DJ@R_IIHI@WVAP

MP)G[-SM9S8\L
-J_F;Q[T2N\J

0C$^./C\XG5*\0$TIN


MV;M^49DT2E?PL(3EX&BQB! -DR\^



M'.9?LI@/A_T2MZ#&@0*  CI) =.;?&M^?9W%\U/[YM?SG_8;!WS;N[O.XK#_

M+\$]:9.
 WP!OA5\;3@_
^?^3?9S.\F0+7Y\*8WO!QD/^?Y*#;)OD&Z )T







W#':
M+G: +F$
[WKOFPWG% 



D4/VR!+7L?I#RO8Z

M]-YFD1?Z&]1


=T-
(:#:_N5= +1V
M28+W-T;)(8NF*$$7ZM'68N1:#TTQ@B[$;24R:Y\T10:Z!
UB6J:/67P[[EF:C--G\ ?DV%OJ)E3/7GP
M\_L\N-R'HH XNO=/_CM/N:1STD32,3?):_?;GTG;LG#E#''L4L) A+&#7SB
MP






!6ZUHB&DH2.P!\T(*7/%L6I-KLO[28
_-
MC2#8
]#O[[79O3J9Q=P9Z).9-KE3)P-PNMZX@E1MHD-K@)$JRIL;@:$DY5$G









W!3

M!$Y'Y_G01
$9
MYD#S%!L\:1PBP


=#-1 [X^;UI=X
30A[!?S)3-03J


K-6O(E&PK$F#E=Y=[F[=25R


MA*3\3-83]#D'^N2S:LSXL5ZP/:?J;*Z
80%21ZJAQLF^BM'1DPTQ=Z88($!X



F

$6WLC13-Z'U6

O1$4-[L9Z'SQ*W.E49QKZG+P416KFXMR=ZL9LI(\UO6?PN:V
M?_$
MDUR;0 _NJ';)


WC[$YPWLK_%=2!S:TL9&PA4I5C[.Y/=/K4
M_Y8QWFZ3W1]

\3K'6WW4FT_PV=U$
M^T\RM9

1-V\[IWX$U&RJBB0@Y&OR=8E:$O*E

;&FGQ(FDI7JIL?!O56%7
M3BU+

M1




.

&;S$

M;*T%2;XM(#JG4XNC';1V)SA;B+[H1P'%






MW].AO$E

Y)Q:6KKG

8WP$6^#RC$)W-K





I-(


M*K 1[JKOO*D;:J\2OK+#;/I:I+P)F.*JX)\PZ
6!1ZRNTOT3T.
3
F^N2B
5 MITZPNK$JFEBQC0J;RF)2I=78G24AT



M
4L2-_77&'ZMQ9?RWG*O3'3X?VKH4]68??D'O[L]SJO$+?HI1F'?.-+LKN-*


J\#/WK
BA

MU@8F5Y^W@HMA:GMDVK3(# XDQ!UVUFON4%EHV0Z_*KI+-\5HD.01GJ6
'\


M
+E AB4OU0=ZY$R6PZSD;6'C5

[4_ 3VRD5?
M
;&J@'Z/]?([YWP(:=E(KTDAR!69Z-QH&5.ZJ;2$Q&VBN&0 Y
I+=.2OG#E=


RN=YI=8$_^;C ]5GZUJH6[^I!DJM+47;7



MAZTLZFGP M%\UXL;KHE/F3/C#9W(3\)J[POHE:)C
M?!/:6L6D]
Y$TY:A6]

E#!$F*8 /J


L=L-6*.32^
M@H=O6 L85*=QY%D^+MP/0!D&T8D7$2ANT#IE,/10L\_X$Q:
#]0VR6-5
F23*U]/I:_;AO+^M/U
O1/XF@.M*0+:FV+1*8C!PG


M5)UJ/Y+XQWZ[;?Y$P@E^%Q@
EL3'E['
8Y/LK;M)5:Y?\
MSC1CTG0KJ!1^4M68!A0E




WNQ=#0*F24H?#/9Q2Z^CTRL'W
M
!X0WQ8NV
R2-6C?U/?7S
MD<_8WZO*:X\-U<

M*M_!O*
Q\Y;I\844[U

N-&U(]*!O=OF
MRN:H


M@LPYS$DH-VD:*([#$\ M-\&RG#S'@'PU=.
U*A?\]A0

#$_[T

WKUU
M1F 99U=KEVT(QC:'%.RAD/E!O%/*EY$\H^NV;ELX5.6)FAFS57U.=.7$XF<O
M[JP\JDUZM![=MS:BT@\N4H1*7W=3D1 C6 VU1-!$^3FZOI[$3KEC<ZN3?GX

MAT$A]*V !G.//6#^#(Y9\]81/^6=62;XYM]V87DIX&WS7%^&EB8)P_@#+T70

F5W7:DQ90TS3?<;8:<
=
MQ=0KJ$_=DWZS=4+^8J3G%:1?CLHI^-=!4$!T9S^=1GFFFZ0E-'[A+[Z*)? %


MKS1\+!)%3.^3PF_9+F

#--VOU% ?CO^ WE;G)BYLY(U';]O_OFV
M^($OA7@#M_ L0VC]PO925
$0VUY9PV_ZQ;;;=B]% UFD[]M\\[4(/+X3VT[[

)ZC
L
MK]Z2X#G


'.(' Y_]
MX5J6E\.C]'7K$

MT*%UK$O'7F29Z

#R@_W]X:$^_8H5O:^S$E;M$SP2E:*L?7 A%7Y12_.
MO4$PMCQGBI

5\)5-&;2

?'R&5?-6_!_%7L
O*UFCR'?9?9?^QAU+CK


+=+:CONXEK8Y^[*'H0P84;%@=7P$E -3G\/X
M'

)IP3X

M5U=_@#%S?X$X6%QK3




9^7JXKC-_I7C_C!(UW#HHH%K
!/

MJVK4-D4OO2_FM=P5 R(86.DU

Q+

2\MM;FMMB@L$_I!#]H.+41^NS4H@)*

MGCZU



2U?T!Y.G@7$WS9W13Q

MK6-

HSQEO)&W:R5J

MDP-O@'89VGN%M

 B
J+ ;(9\G%?\%L8AXOY<//@3LCYBLA[N&$-U?0-P YQ44<








M@T%J$ET;UZW_!.OQ?R-^3T-AI:[5MFV!2H-X9






%V%CJ[9T

MY?YUU;4O8W?





T^6[Z7(%C:M-4(?K?/EBL)@J5-6XW@

P[1A

M5R2]AQ7KU_

M/G/BE728D@SG _JU


M@
LEA;,&#]TX3E).<V4+*<'^UJF%4]+  2Y*HDOC]0&]Z8VU7 C7Q]I$W-?
M@IIT:-L4^DQ)%@H2ZPM$X R()/S.5W4Y#9QPZGY5/.6R;]&@;NK\^@K<O

M]O-[QRP'\G*^N??_C]02P,$%     @ 1'=54+DC:I850  ;\D# !
   !B
M9RTR
#$Y
3(S

B+NGVC

)#+_

DFQZBMT;!C

M

H&QSA*YFC/P^F<=)V/[LY7RYH63C:K^N?QJVTG5G<\0_



M*]1M+

%CCN;WV\IS&<!Q]\<*9?SQ3ZZM@UVR/M]B5K[
MS^ESFO+S(6A][






M19N4Z+GRNS

7]\FFK='X;3Z7&K0]



MM%3_F2^VG#/*5=D/PN-;]/;@/S9B1:VDWC !R

MSCM[]&(1?I@O8EK\Y4?ZXP]_I
G'3ZN__ CTMANW(_V[L,2MLO?EJ6IU*E


3,+TW5Y3/YM)LI6-LTI U<ZF9A4ELR1?B\U@@?IUL
J4!IU


N:@-61GJ
MLS7T?);4?W:6;(#S/;?\CY^^A?AG_'=O
3NAVAW=.?;'+?$C8^SK#3IC5D_IOJRQ[;!1<PRB# %LI@J8C1D\XP2H
M)X)I0IWR#5BXGQC/\;-P!\LP0I;^5OML6?CN[1SU'YRT58@CL@61=G)4-E

MZ)_U]


9_


M1MT&9[?( 6V!T]OBWUC-LX\_)[=
OQ6(W^;?ES='Z2$F.-2NBB'SF%'P
8I6

?4KCW?%UE



I SIM&M;
^D=
MTB$4V5INOOT-*N=8TCQ00 


M-JI


M/CL#V?YB.;?']X;J8Z^+]GQ=H5&0&'$94#4T(!R+0*1'T+(Q.45*K6Q0 FDH

J$^D\$Q*8CQ2T41+GER)0H:B33E'9
M)
)2.!*=0<RM/
M%'12X**7H%P*D3&O+&\0+-&/E=0R'[0'55_L\%MYDCY+\;5;S
J5YD4(ZZNR
M&INR@Y
*FM
H%PH\$((



5:$83SC&6B[=1%+08BZ-_MSX&[8%7/LT7X[D]7GDGFB


#&7@9=P;:#4,GGQ/CH7QATREH]H3IP
MK%6]FZ9C;:M(3;;:!CRS102;+,,_#&H$-.1(.656-!!4_3Q1Z/;J0
([UFG





M.IJ[A&3:3I#A=W#R= SL4.K+QDA^


M:[_*Z^GMZ\?#2M*3S2KI$K7.9E 19TNT=
 _N&DT=&PY%UL\*T'U][?VI3

_ 0(EHG5(.)Y4J!YZP$)22YT6?_Z4MM[PK1P1Z/

T!28%0SW5*GX&8ACUOO$?0.-R7Y/?-0!


M4+&H OB(ASY7TJDF][+]O#$9C
W:QK:W$.!-Q




0&BEJFX0P
93[*X!#R!N6XZ'?E_^X(
P?2-@GL7JT=3NI6.0N.<M+R30)6HGR.)Y)<#X*;VGP7C10

MHB722D]YH U$$?L^O.(]H'H6MVQ(2/$B?BZ/HI8?YN_7U]?325H\P1I/?U\I
MKXA (0J!(#;)) \VJ[EF 5I59.\1=^';[MM/LZA)Z Y2;KN&3I#V=503




8IWB3EG(54EHLI4/]MW59W+KF9 ]LTVE_/%[F[8





E$);@/U4VU?/=(

=VXHE\E1/E9=HTPNO

MRP


R0QS5OZ7K[=Y[F]]_FB]6
MM]5(;WR6)1_P!QP[_3*?K3XMWRY^3L?RM#7JNA+

0?:.0)1$)U-\*:=BE\#Z)%M,V%O$ \A-\LE^L2'/8V[U8-KRGT




\4% IC

ME$8_#Z.SBK 'H17-SD 
S$%BFH#P


M6NO'0#$R+Z?S/S8O6Y%@I.W^'?7FA[?ID%^DC#/]+86I6RXG&6V@
BN7$=[]
M'-_3R6R)#@:/(B8%:Z)X#G$ER_65C)2= -;C


-4QWOYAC?LO6U
M-0ZX

[OCL =


W$1+-4J N8[5J)^OM
^:V

$'UP$)Q+X(7
U$E:JBN.7')O
MI]**[-[MJ[+

IF;($V]

48V&_GM9ZWB;._25F^IS0QCN<


^5SM:@/RW^!H7;
M\)R'-_1[%?!]#2JKLLZ
764SW L?/1^6#WQ4!/
M/S%Z^,;B<##I;W@9@I9
45!$F/1P

T]Z*5 -$_(=]UNPZ]
M!D
C.O


M7BLN7W+P^GQG[
P@IL3!*OR#&.-!:RU0
F^.]/D\_C&93N\I/W(UOK]!126G60<&VI8<8MQQ$
Y(

283(%

P#
/(*FW
MH%*




M?)G*Y
Y'YLDNJY25H\(%T$D2\-P[8
%RT-IK9CDU(HP_V*T3MOC6#]
?PGTI



W)_5391^])SRD09/D5+D**K$0*%!
MPI@-BLC1G]B=\L&\7W1[]('?9'9STQW9\(WK[#;928K; ED7BT4I3G/TQKAQ


MA\ZYIISZ=







M
F)#B(=CQ!UU\R1NVVE7)2J8X)LBE26V14@+3D@*1.L43.39I :N\GYR^@S$

M)O:/P$UV)E14IFZYG.1)J)T5ID&OE3;9.FX$1!

J\O+E\8





4?=#<NT#EQ?K'(YF;E9F+CIC@9P&L_4[*'B
MF3!;RM!8I15B[D$JW'CYB##5$:6BN6J2-5(X3-8Y%W[FLY-4[4.8XVKE(L


MII


42F( 25.

E:@]J0LSM0$
MX-8ZH%[86T




:


MD[.0LA. .%JTVKG9KCL*HV#

:$I*=N&@

M!55FWIN4.&C!&1BI%1#NRA\D

MB(CM3ZT=ZPX8V^JUP._+




[UGSIPMKMM-MX5'F580'WUH'L*NZY
M3DG18E X$018#JYK?(EJ2!-ZEA^1X$!37?-Z-=UG*$!MWF(;XK7EHINMY4G

*XY



O'COIH
E#=N

MLF

=)JX8 &BY+D(7)-6:24U5X
;J



#G_$=$9SB!E/*,EC
M*1'D;+2UZN$.F5V_1Q9I#\:S5-?-\%LA_]2*[_NL0O*T#L$-\R4X*5NG6

MSHO;3RJNO1 D
5!2H?6D\#@DRACP.F1EJ
6OO2=6SIO!'V*.\5P[V7_
MS_58X&@?E= FQ202&#S((5)B@:'8ARPCD\)[SUT#WTI/1<1;Y8\N,.O\D-S2
MWO&A<8]#+V.\_.06'[LOAWQ34/J#^](E<O=C%*5@/BOS&_IHO/J]9?K-%NF
M%ZBEY



 V'3S_G4ZBH_P4&MP]@[
M(]W(RP:


ILO)JNO;V:KM$C+S2W&

GQQ+O=XC%5745 F;/


M7Z:N_?*[VVY[\.

T@+9:!
&3
M0Y
\D4 Y)\X-^&3F$?4G3K;

*DLH\T2F. $9*(:C%4!_R:BLJ7 G1KMP^E.


&XH!]T
)CZ=[J3Q.G!6



+LIJ;=QMQO;D56;O9QXJ?I
MUG?Q\-_UY

M6+:L%S]QM&T5.?/2$%

MH]ZW^OINZC;/C
O5[G69RLE
]&1/54ZI5'VT:+5Z#4Z52%^'APAJ XI$':*W

A+40VE1=C5!


_'IU%YA;
MHZ[5Z9U5: !;[Z2%Z(F ++0!GPR:QZJ4M8]4.M+@\K=?]U-/(JAE/'N
^+K[

EK(-.&^-4.NA$




7
%/
H
MPBDD3D%1D:/:D((C3*+T)YBAOO5KQH.#P+;3UF35R651 Y)B\43CDED
0D


RL[7[-1A8@FZJ%EW$_UK7


.Y;^+3I]^=4[]%


M[^XZH!T

_N$U#TF--IJYK6NV.] 6UZ!ZG-ABX

 1#A%4BJ4&HZ-!V:8''V2W5XYZ5N/TE#+
MT)OO](P)HO8?NN;EO6-4Q;&-,T016(WL2'.6@6NI,S1 E5.._KTL^-G=M:
MB3%S]%%C[_Q.*^&4

M+XB0$((RD&T2X!U.0CHBJ0PR^S3ZM
]]L4Y[)]?9X(]YB]^+L4[X]MON*ZH2
MU805=Q=/)?6V@(3P 9&2ATASL.-_!/B


MK=.FF[D\3!AR9%*//ZZ


M=
BT/+?+2KHH0K&^?9 

!%'G^QX? QW)K1C9+G+







M
IE-KM97]0[GFCU4+F1//4HAX:0':H( YS6%J)A+Q*60'1E+]
63L]A&T#6'

.RJ .8!WF!'QR(F]F
M'_Z8%X%QZ+;IY+ZJS)S4/&E@.DF(GE)0/@(0A'-N9?)-4CIT,^A.)V:X3L
/U'Q?7-<%V
M='Q7W
FML=U=9Y7A+'O-(UAC%#@2(TA+))C$2K@P)W@TC-WU/RJN:P+M^)@.
MU?_VF.ZVLXIF5A**HJ;!M0 J* .9:0:18G!4\+)(8_?_CXOI&D [

%_HU(*YTR
MO-ZYV/+

7=FM:=KNF\9U@[
MWQ1HA%W






MSJO&N]



[-CJ^5/BU@(=+]0*7;):6RQ=N
M.=F@EY;E


M^-FA7;5\.[NMP_GUW7H1/NW6ZMC#


6Z*(=_3?IQ3





K3R_5RA2;$
M'49?CTN9.LTK91Q#BX2US:!E ;5E?)6+?

T]'X/6JM[]?

9HAF)8:]/@[K''RX*6F:5MU/K4






1LT-*06EQQI67%*
MK&+%=T]C*4[J
Z0D!*@0F0L\J6R?4P1J2WS2/FIGG14[%[7W*MO^8V+OIQ6S

\%ZEYZ197
M:;%\



M?ED^DYP#[QNQT]^;E)8ZIO6ZJJ.H0#'\;(!8P$G2!6P(U!@ (JSTLV(?^9

/;;.&]GW[L(QU?E8^UFM:']I[/HES1Y)'%3M-%CIU



M!%Y
US:U9OQL46\@M
W=$G]PI^LX2O
MB\CSZ2M6HODM%R%6E.W9=;


XDH (
M4I:20H+R7EKFV2A^X0C^0X?5(ZQCJ!H=YQ[1?Q2Z _PG]#X5G[H#\L8P5V)R
MLW6


:C
KE/E(5WN%.Z)ZU/HD
MUVKHAEJ+( .G0*#40&A5%:2P3F#X;07$'AI_\S5#IQO+U4'*;09=U9@1X]]=
M63
!.@@3]7A:LL@+D2=$06:-52
 I37O19Y-FBN/[(7PY/7KIE['!

?B

M(3CGBBHCIE0*J/Y_ON1:
%U(S-U/8JC#E_?W=F$WN[)+S\W'M?X]FNU@F9$+








C Q.3$R
S%?9&5F


M[[+%ZB=39.DJF_[TYVQU^]/?I]GRGS]=%_G=3W_/BW_.OJ0__[PM]-/FE_EL

MXN97! #^=5_JZ!/QKY_+QWZ.'_T


AD'P='-/E^FN59484ZEH=VVLHNXJ)5MI82B</V29SA;9
M]6SU/MC6YUIVHD17+5)W^3K0_<U32;KN_4\SG

MJ\_SV4WZU.]F/KU8KJ=[M?5!LHVW]5Q('OLWPZF^P^
_ERTY*-J_V^^FS8


M[[/5.IV_#\T*Z^V-\RA



DV6N#36?%?Z7R=_9ZE



ACMA-TWD94'SI:%6GIO8DJ#(8'7JRE1;DBYM/67%G

M&M/I<A9FZ#W+./('$?BT(Z/L[#NNYY-TL5*328Q5VPXWT^GYT_W]7BT8B



M^O5U(\V[;+6+N\QW7[K/L[K*J5199W+$C+S+3[G[&F:-13HWZ^4JCZN.^L)4




MPBTCV;/J;#E7M/
V5F='Q1J.MC@M)F6C=[\^;??^WI#98O7K=';WZ^Z97].7

R'= 8G5U]F%O2N62!T6C.

TVB//C6N1PJ=
M&.&_I51WVL^[ &[#IH&(L9TK
OO
(JE(D6=E$Z8]8Y8I9:%3!#MEE2]E1H#P

_81 4J%[U.=AQ8NU719$_N\


R[':/


M[[=I#\H3
^_3AS

@A(PSS/?:P%(V
M







M




MB!*3GDK:(%BOLUB]UT#?WA0RPE'XS!79S4;A(Y4G'B$EO2:*(ZT1=XKA4E&(

?LE
XZKU@QK#8_:T//Y&K
M/QYWEN_B-1Y7ZT




M



M7


MC@L'N*+086:]@MC!TG*GA!(U3J.AN0KS_L#Z
8@R*JMBI/QHPTOQ_OZ7^2^3


MO


L8CMS&Q



#U8W!EE [%\5&DA07/FZLW
M;_, W=(4^3_G:;HXM15ZY.%$0 X E9@'\SB8XE 'NWC73L:X&E$47@?8YRW#
MTU</]Q'N[.WL2S9]N5C0#[^G_\B+C:/SC.EP02T)I\PSJ2560!$N-1/2E3AH
MOITJHS3G.@.S!&0ZK']E:)[+JPI$<)33

M:2AB$A/]Z.!3)GQ;33UQ8W60.N+&I^*=+I)'')^M'CY:!(,12@U-0YP;KQ


%^1L@SG7K$Z42RCTT2@*@&!-8*.KW


M^M067Y-J$QDL=D^( =X3:TB










&!

#9:#!@8MQTH








2%&6_HS-;
ME;5?






M^A

M[#):4V\
JF_4=[\5UB5/*@0%=@KT#[*+YACCF#E)&75:T.MWH.B'9%CW47K
MDP]5;_&\
KO9*]$08

MO7HXPB/





0?DI*^[*U B/?50_F&#%WN3%P]5U1+%\

6XMQ@Z9T5E%G:!\K_9^!*G

+65V\WZ?ULE<[5=+I=S)_M\H<+)-01YA77E@K/


D4[N6<BU]G]'YE<V
%G#/VT:FE@[?II_S

  

M\C?F]X]OWK^)H0=7_LV[CZ?46KEXHB#DE$+'@:8&!8-5
%'*(CBN'VC9X9J]
M535W!56](PGAS:$9Y7GPAY



\7B9:(*@Z$8= P2YC S)9R2-O@9LK.]B%J:R+O&)S6

M1-^[CQ/]X8!R'[]

MLWBAW.;CW=]N'6_3T;]\48OIYO-WOZ2_[+Y[^\O]*3]%6[4GD-JL,;62P3#
M:IUI5'HM(1B1&E)&^DQ'QJYFK;5-)MMAX'PR\L1('R4O
UNTKD+$]?JV%F;



M.:8FDV*=SDU:% _AHTU0V;M\$1


MU0

O_!$3K*Y7MWFQN6COZ$9Q


M_3Q_++\L0@@JFF@[&RYBGF:OV3OBWR29=.8,/_P8'%A)0E0#CI(S;?!PL


MS0J_SPNW?VJLT70WFI_NZW(F!\:E73ZHN2F('.A;4_5$)S@HQ$NO2_.20

LDI)L(;*)35$L/]@@$Z V
MNUH_C?0X-8:GWQQF:?5[$;K++B3BVF'X
AOXJ_;V\CRJ;J+L9!G&!-M0H2

M?I\MXKK_X4V H\B6J_UF\/NLF(0!
+W)]
/[](R3[H):$@XX]582(56\UDP#
C2JY/J

O$4$TC'?S_5Q





Y^_3V?3-8G?UY%F-GRR7
M0*M )QP8BQ6,54O0SNG)XNP:G3SBX*:5?[;:+3%Q
^9*LTQHBXM%C$$-NS

EK II:.
U9_'.[L]I%W=MP)+;]U_

R5$%A;;(4N]T*<9O6C1SN[AZ3E

VF5

=- ZR4E)$;/UT-)W=9]*N]EL$IR\:A%$I

B^D)9EQ84X*YAX2 @ G'A AG&88E
M'H:P$:6KZ6#WOUNP^C
I3SN[=[UK%\U^-CO3G4) 01IIBQR4D/'&)LYX
)



]








NQ[.[JX/64Q^Y*YZ^ML


M



MTXA)0B@5H)0^S-
-O.I=+9 ::O%XLI/V8.KOY/IDGBZ7L^M@G6]RP :P*F1O


K$


MP
@YP(BT HA24@!(@[C_U[O2J E._S0P

P@#JQ7P7+LP[^ZD-(PU2&G;V:JA':5]DR*R)81Z6S7F13:[6;BO
MD\VYG

M2(4C)1)) 





%=L


M# W0)K0Z1B

M



MM3D_6H2F?Q(\IA-[_.Q==NAJQLIE$V!U
)V4T
&XEI!YXVRYFT(%@/6'BQXB
M5MND0SOX]

M)@


-:6IFPMM9A

M+)24!$2PTN4N-6

MWEZ4O?-4!0GQ\80S%!)IHR4

MM'XX5%E



M92^W0_477%WG

Q


 TYIT+0\#]1RFJAK6^7#)

MD2FH@06
:2 M 00A7O8BBSRM'V0V3&[

MV?7@R7*)1L@ [*A!3@DB!?'E%3+4*6;!N%T&K6BQ&C

8
M2GQ


)*5G)O#460F:E*5
6I

MBX//)QP8XXVQA@'-N7$*P](0=TZ(^NZ^SIP$W6B]#71Z=OR61UY*2[JJX_=P




UR^<N@Z2T8L^5KQI&W$$@$@#0&8^<U1F4
HH? U
^CT'5H9HL$


%]7]6T@TY?6

MQ #P?M2)W#HYV-@3DH

M(!&C3A/7W[':#B$=R9 7&OZ^R%;IU_I#W+Z*Q(H.!: ,ZY$@#
**Y$@%)?


*]3/+5Q)EKDV7
)0A((*2W2&EN
N5'6[@!P

O92IARX46^63?VYO

T+;YPYOE

K

M
@BF+8B^%P*
TB(9A=Y;LW#/0E*U:S
&*]#\]DT:68;4:QD_;#V6*)=L$N
M
\0(9!A&E$ %4=EVA]T(;80FL@[0Z:O7OQR$@N&T&P23!0[FZ]CQ,KGY2:3
MQHFN7;&&AC#- FR*R 9XDIS04KY/2(CBE9KU6W7+4S]'NR/6PP^P+2U7]?Q
MLM]@*FW#0



M65ABU[3J'L5A9C0[6TZV0VPV?1QAP^Q]+N3PDFH2BRV6%C!).87:6Z?DSK&.
MH.2P?FJ8SN(









MH
*BW!J

R\E5









J2\A4=SU&1K7




M3]/%*:/@R



M\KO/LT5:7E?\Q%1?[IY^C$FX:&._S@L2): 1VDNOO#$4:
:)+='32(]PC=/M
VJ5)@HA@E4!&AN65&&H7)#AWB8(.419TE
MNF;;1W .. @UVQ:_69PUP(HH&RP8('W3EB&]CN:Q$QHD
B?2GX_.C5$
3A
MR//D6

B9+ _R&8\OSN(N+^/*\:$)5#+@2
ME#MKA'4 A[_V0.(&^U2=W4 Z.&,:(3B@N;PNXG&$RQGSM&#B(# <,(HY(Y:[
M(<M'7!4*5-_A.GL:M'!^=( OP%-E_ML

8I W&

 :'+[4/J':F? :*S2T4'9U)K: YYF&^U3HL@1#SY%0]^742G;THG
M1AL&  $8X7@2//:M


3KUN(:\5Z

$ 184^(A*6RP
MZ_L#N; ;(-K2//?8%C4-JXE9S!H?_W)?[[/%
JL\TYVK)U'64BV\%5)H13S6


M

<^-PIM\N =BI@O7(=B88.
_$/5Y$0Y(US%C.)G#80*LU+,U0@
MTV V'!@8I#9L &: \Y]57W\EU:1&.*5


M
(I!QK+6


M('E

A&3






S@F+

FO[LOLMLX%'_)0JORNRQ&O9ST


Y[M@V\
$








MS







MQ4
#X_H





;050A(1_LL^E1?]^V*.AT@]O.N



$ 
4A]A46


#[K1?WZN-;4UUI


M1)Y+H/.3^79F[?1!D5; ZLW

UZA W&BE((


MM778BPH9QN%5I
=I

C9-



P$M9@^



M(IZ
M0@RHE$!I&


AP1;+%T$A*L
ME(5[G+7R^:P?V,F[1:UF(*ROF=/W]\LB_GW1OM+368=RJ^@D7.48B45D
!B

41M@C22AFU&D
='4$$9=I




<8:ZZ#V!*46A QCJ$
!P2G!N@)0.#;:JL'=

M_!)!2)OF;RGY\.K!S\L__U9

RGD4R&H[T2(^
M\\=I.L4NEQN!_3^W\I%NM^

Z8UD\A2[8B4


MX7JX'[G@'AJBF-50.2ZH07IO.&E&\R_H.[
TAU[X


MIQS


M/(L//A^
8E Z8PD'3FL'K6&6$$R)P11[6&M!Z\@@V^=MVW19?]\



H-=^-%2'#^JPI?=(YN*&DCB8^;(K(J!U^N_&I



Y/[?$OGPW<: P\MD8YSU'*
M


MT\W-]]-^5YLA!UL'#;!76FA$XY@1-Y9)OQLW0TKFTZ.SN^ NZ=$&1EEJXX_=


:QZNE6*WJU6C\7TCZ_E8OM@LKRV/EN_INCR**7O3W]A




M*G!G
73

A*!9$R^U$YI]6UNL35EM9YUZ@\
MB-X* :[

!1ECW

T%Y/

+Y[ECMM:^$9BETBB@B)3<QW4!5[A*#'J



\G1R[*09#UE6^T7Y;.+W.LU#-
PI

CU
+*V




M
2N0P]4(&6=BW%904[&=94$CE-XB'T9IMHR%!L.(O^IG

M6@?.!03:Z3AJ0(6@Q$I4C1M(.L)2C



=H1XE!FMX?66&3)*O7-\Q!B&$%5%


5'7MS
M6TP6/G'P8?TTMI
U(DXV0HPSY'U2C$,HAD6E[%J#7,*RQ%6]VU5IWCDR53
MMRB6]]]K2O/(PP%@9[00D7**0R(,Z8:N-
YM]?=Y:%N6TYMH-
G@0WX61U
M)7CXX4!31?&4
MQC83RWS- ]TP13^3.QL[3'K4NP%63ZVE;U9#[9I.
MBO7[

@

^TVDNO!IL:(346^7%*$]RQD2'86APLWXHEG&%

MAUWU

MK5)4=M2RU.?51@

M_5A



MVX\JUE[SJJ7:GGI!\%PBA)5BE&G -$ HVKT!.O\K:JS9:ACQG26V\N4[/%




M8R
F=X\
7Y4ZS*W5C.9WS[.-W_\6




@



M[@:9%



O0




MK'(&&6V9-0AII+UQE=N&YMZ

MLX+L



MAH 5NZ)
V!K$1A0 ?:439/0R;6%[Z#D@K=?O!T

M^6?ZG5Y17=$

M$Z&Q^
:I6:4KD



M^+LX


M$Z&7[2/6ES+XJJ]G*X
?:1$PP$01IY7'2$&!XRAE-3XJ$1AWW?B&
CO'@$88
MO3TN#
.!
C
MB,?.<NBT*.5N0.IK=_Y]'=7397HQ]4LK3R_;XV&U1G]_62[0#TWE @#G/-<





M_1+!C[OHYES=_?4U3I\:3+CH/8&1J#9Y#:#@'LL**FPD(; ;-9TIE1W0U+

S
UH

IN:;RME*NK+%RY-YGS01V1OJ-$'IK/!BEU3 &
-X%0ZX=R^F[Q+6Y^2?-Y_=NB^&WRY9A*
MT/25 4LIM).<*0$5,U$E<I4[IX71GNKQ)'HT:D//H'9)MV/=/+J=G&\4%$&$
MBE3AA@H($;9<5;Y_UCJ.QJE:]?4LF
DWQI?1J67--6KC'U




X;


N0:U

L
G;SR=(


]HK+1K0FL'2BR
M1):9BHP9!SB57CHJ$2
B=@I6/6

M\^I









$L


M#
-Q!V5A 3QQ--IY&&)/M#165V



M#E/Z0VLM!QH26/6









M!-58
*1NWMT(K4JS'C$9XO6V.C-*W87S4&
J=97
C^4NZW9K



\

)C<?NX3/#HR6JV^F-1?D[I
MO1(V[Q9?']?QK\O%[6P^VUPO/1_L60.GJT\&%S46+PTC &E0?P7K/1+R@EQ
MX[:06V#.

.Y1Z^^I L-ZLIBF

=2'Q.?Z\[YZJR:D&+PQ0I\ FR^-XF?)..Z[A'E,
M\N-.SNM&1.]^D.^+Q6MNA?81
JN9C7/8ZT$!R;UR$D%KLI&-&H^H\A4F(
M\T/
+S^)&)TMV@YF0W)B&TA]W%.F=MM@-)3(
LBA-] #X FO-$^&E!_Y[6EC

T*W



MHZ!V#$4U2&DG

S[X5

M@^!(I*1'MH?KH'*X&IV

'@@H$-.
M4JB@

W=R\


M4Q




+JD



YCL4U+=K2HU


M%$M'/%#&0(&8KD;KI

)RB%'%'@

RZIE#\L4$



U)B&KC']W'NVP5C6D!IL
.]


M==ZS7_3^

\5'-LRD5D^+Z





M=+9-T
H+8[B

M#5]30WJM =8D'5%MX%^G([H
@KZ

^4[WR6)/ B=!$
MQ_V


M11_/-0W


_KC#\^%: ]I3QSA
M)E7CX0(9M*

MU7@(




PW





R !XXCP5(2(
K5#$V-F\K/I=!9DU]\2UQNL
MX]A)&VZ?N[5?
B(0Y59X91/(LBFIY$9M/J,Z[8;8



T
M5MIH4HV/




N\ AS 3864D



&TNT



MN-::.!7-


M-$H*44H 4@IXAE4%)U*PSY1.%YTOM


=)Y%H<223<X]=3XCW\;$!4^DT8 F

MGFT6#(C#A\Q((8$PA!)-\*[OFTJKX[G*[T:D;2.4)=U/Q3+%L
Q6MHSD6A2;
M/SQ.EH__G)S
TG*N6?#$


M 
_EW]

MZ)Z
I;T

&9V_;0(@/RT%#W%TF9(JQTHZJV=KRKT
M38O9=MV
?WBY7

M8P'Q%B!+*'&65HN/-9J/R




M$

MM Y




I



)$!*5


@*GSH7<D)Y!^D_+#=[LFU^^JU<?R_6






- J20&HFI
M

M&(
(X48XH1@&W*7$G]6HJ#'YY3PZ3IK9YB;?&)9AA'VR5.VY)L'BJ*D::+AV

^T

M3ZU0*\F))




4I0*;G99-(( 0
MCU??:2ZH


M


M^9%X\C9?'[2.



3@J!W:7X*^.+!.XT=I'/4
HXC0$D%/6
M7



MUVS 7#I!B57[M461A(_I_DA*?-B9-AT2'YZ'Q6S*B0\/NU!__[F8U=EF#[:0

\X5@+M;)@-A?]_29

:PVBTJ)]@P15
M=()U*;

^U0QY!


^8=



ME3.FH_X@K=



M
$





^QK;966_
@8#Q=7.11!@G4
M$









DL
#]
E
M&21WP7
GM1$01 U:8$\PIQ*#!@E*9'JQX=%+M0W)
 /!E69^?%!*^Q@#NSHO
MWT



MUXNOL^7/L\VVVOVH/7/G?J;9)K1SWV;[^+MZE?%XUMMUI/AZO;/R7'U^'Q7W

M(W/FVI'8IAP/V[$DUCK_X]5G-2^_UA0[Z3-_KGG@UDF#
59U5(D'G!BHFY41
M M2T0Z(R4;'
!MQK8HU)1DU-F,NPPGWZ_]8URB85?/U+U_GLTV=-X!T[5




N@MT@RSN!:]7TDMP:4_U\D6@#4^-^3#




M-294&P9$




MLEO D E1EQ&4@ &GF!*.'7C=@ D^E\HC1@R-5!*5&ZETL2JKR%A-RM-GSBC]



MW\ME^4?\31';OLV+0?;D,,'QW5=7D@ 8QVTBAL*^!XYSG/%(SCF_?3#\ +

V_U7-;QQ]LOWY=+N(N.J9F

M2'

Q 7L5X'BPJ9WH5WJ
M8



QHS(28XO3
MJ5L.C

K7[_%,]=6WPMUXO-:7YX
MOD-03#&/!&444BN DD!9G4P/14*=F\01D981

MD;'Z\L8F^[]S^9AR4#'@= 9+]_ CY;!TP7#6WH%IXP01 OMO8%,2TLUI_5+
M,^ 1I&2SWXRV:& VE\C7'M9XOJU]ER6]C%NK9[;:LV0V1[Q\5B3O% &6A



ME#00:V:
)U!;IBTD!%/BH1;47KZ[/UAUK*0[C[(4X/$4\S1* 139AAQD4)
M6.H]$EP[


M*JZU1IHY!VA4EX%HP


M$?5_Z;R@WFBID

M^VFS^=.F@1'HG;-
 H$=L

PH8_- /Z1&[+8KC?E;5'MWAU'


M+:-*


C_#QPUJ5 6
FX9N:T6Q(X$9CDKLIGC1-/&H7D(




MP

M]:-E6

7M9EB2Z]5A[DJ#Y


U2;^C+A$5E2[+
M9

8H''+
L /2%GC
M)OAT

R1:$Y!N'JYGGRWY7?'GYM


%[YX5!&%H3

M?Q$F2T!QPCP6VP[+8[%MD)1P'@4(JSGC5!DG17/0.P)9NH]
_E5X['P4Q^*Q



M%^BL$8



@LN(QJ6G;/U0
MT3%5


I@4\\/:3AJ9.HT2F#3


^=^]FOR_3


M@L?OJ4?


;A<T)KTOJPVG\OEHMRG+SQ=8JS+





I PV@LE&]P

KT/&_9%(9QN2TCF!
X\H8ZW)[;8DH9C(!W


A8!H$7]
M;L\9J  6OEDWM59..RAD4


O;V6I^U
?\8Z
Z
MY+
.T8S_.

K$?&E&S&UYQ



]TJ \+U%A;WI2K]::ZRZ?R


M*LOM'8-D0EMO)5- :\K

=D=N



X$19P3;1J$& NRMS3O
)[T.$Y


M9$RPG-OF

9)W3=JB:%/'#)0)H*-(Q*#U
MUGOB
3J01/

I[_WN5=
M&
_.ZVTGST5[UZ Y45 X!!0.-Z*T#%!B13.2&J1N*##XOZ-ZC&ZU/4-'ORF
M\VOQ,\8+4'A.%



M9!^LLM/WZ*Y^TB)HR9EV1&BM%&;(



MY796_7Z^

Q@9ACVM





M8)V4^T.Q+JIOQ;I#$'.W 8(4VEA !1!(0\ZXTICN(4.6\LDE8LG(%.4( (XE
MW[1/_J1TZ5[((9(!1T%/Z5.:DA1LW*A:=\VDKOT.0]BWMZ(?A7XJ%)JLDO
M@74NPS*'&?NR


MTH.XGOV*#-#IU
_FI\E_;RP]6:$NMKZMZ*JY:U/LS^+SN1_OE]PV"LM-;0
M.4D(-@*:LWL=8];(5OZ^C&(/@A8EQ






:(0J2A@9 9WB 0%=;T,(EL
MTOIT.D9QLR^]#OWV(




'K4+%@.G&&5&(\TQ
MI




T&K7/=8\*

E5
:\'O@J-*C6@].&X_[DZS
N-Y#@8G_CP)$G@IJRBP#+;%+O MNMR
M=;VHM;?=JMID\M/]@F&<B.]
Y8+JPTA]R$R&
#T'3VX[CLH47. 





M


M






MD\PU==N@?#C8!&8 08-9X[K3$]



$2L-4


_
M_$&1^+
6USU)9\K P4&('+;*&V^5U

!NS
PCB6\#\M*_4V;/\T#
^11TN-R.TCAL

M#(8J[P7CC'(8M:B=

7L_NUY\7ERW[KT?

-:HV:MS'0T.(P3*Y.'
M9F=#
!**4AZC.3@
M02##$GD<O*;XD@-#[BTR=0H52@U&B!/?K$K'O'XV5YRC&[33
1J-
?G(Q?'

SBE9D!SM+6JYNMX]






M$RUX

7

MUH=AB'!6UM+SP'E=;U^!L

M[UL&3SWT5&#C%48*6ZD$VJ_'X_B+Z;C81Z5Z&CSC/FJ/A])^FKI811*T&9*/







M@00&5FOB))-D_^)2.!NUSO2XP


MR5*:N7*)TYUO69(O#DK!H4 9QA'7A8PG.@5@



M2H;Q*-7C*$
H*81U^^5#:=8V8Q2TYF-Q0!/XNFPSB6)-9



6C61JF9X..-

M[9UD





$:$UTP(3[DBRL39-(
M0PA.:
=.( (FZ:3,2&V*IJ_1MV@CDXOJD4YARU\-^1G@A:($P6H(\0BPJ0
MPA\(I4#Z\ZK+Z?
9X[




MH'38O
2(V\S
E8_7DTCR4MC\[['A9OVFH\MEL \%Z1GCVF
 ++?6(PI($ZPH


UV;\&U8-?V@B57K4Z.!G
M^H28.SO.KXS[+\_R@0A**=/(2(U=O!VQA4U




'QI4+;;B.
PB2
MJ#IPQF
H)$*


M05N@+6/Q'X$YQ\9#V82\&L%LNA=W\.(S S#!8#A
_K7(R;OD0U&#'7_^!!!T

CGPO =3





MK])?TDW/PO-:-E$OK[\/?3KCD07W4./IQ
)1H*#!235(HHYP
K&@IX:&CR

XP+;Z
?9A&BF@RE@40)@(!T BB.&CHX9]-M8M-[



M
K_\#3J!L*^AYQAH%*8 ]4Q+8AS @E#=J

M^_7
.0;G%.720\*)TY&6$A)TH&2Z4^/7ZAY:7MU[RT?OG[]4%FC&ENUG
F
M&#SRVGFH+378628H;-0M%
6C'N7+7Z AYZ7MU(R$'BSH]!Y3=;U9?-LMZ'-9


+1&L8:D X!+

)+3[VWO(YT81HKM ^L




?



MGRU^VZC5W%1%%-#\[+HN8[^XW'=ML8FD.O;Y
4Z4!_


M


=


H_7&S](1I/RGHR


M9(@(]U*7557^L5C=K-^L_M_BYLO#.?W'MEJLYXOKG7VT&VLD#!DH!08IJ06N

MP5J.X^WHO%840X&YU[R9KP0]8B\RALT-MKV' R;QK+^./+38U!ZZ9E%/#3'M



9
S8-MWT' R;Q[EU7FP?W;OS;TSLW


P]_@M/*
MM
NKE
&O/2K?9GZ?I]K!-



M:;! G.)06&L








MKIND=3;9[^9S-.SO:9
 &110



=



+&HT=(3FABNV#T*W'

U7-5NO/

*B3DXD=7T=1/_[HM9G1-9W9;;8\=LCP%#O+.(
M4Q1*%X4

BE?R81

5O


M1W%-*TFTT@T-K



.
.Z.0I)Y0@'!C
M@90:RW2C0+X*


 /-K3

M=
LDCN9$+.ED.&C6#ZIEOJ^*=5&KU^^*.AE#T5*UN'/W@.-68@@2#!#2W!I)
M&-RO10NFTF7('(70\BDCN0#K?2W\$I7OJG7=YZ5L&W+X$)=
 



M:?_(:K[8YKM__ O_UW5:9=:W*O^7:GV7W:?OBG5:-VW?U?7#O_SZZY]__OG+

M__%O/WS^3[?Y-(CC^-?FM\-'J_S4!]ECP:__^[=WGQL[W^2[JDYWZ^PO__T_

RKS8?*[3LGZ77F=;!J-Y
MVEV9W9Q^Q+8L'SV!

[V(?WRD9LQM1Z.[C8G^^_2QFK'KA6RT9Q1U


NU592;K&3#M_Z/TG)]H5-T
MG_AU7; QR4/]YE'_X




WW^Q(




0%^F+1MTABZ6%CE1C5B4*4X+JL%=F4=H
TW4#Y'U#EM




/:KK/J

M1O?W]VGYG;_@9;;F/7)CY;NO654W*X+YSMH6N]LW[
GW_ 
=_*J95S&7LY]M
MFR7#=+LM_N2K859ZWS#0KARB


MF[Q^5[#P5'W8G0!3?7D




M#'N
BH_&CE[CGSKS?K8Z ^6&3U


OU.X4
9F(MF +JM^
MRW=%R2:B;W=

MA(
%-$2Q7/75DI ;K\7J=*QF.L:





MMG1E$XB#
(YLZ)#8(23VHW[BDOB82M7L3P#'L+@/B Y%^GK46ZM+1@GY7-XP





J/'


UN%\$/[7Z_:#9Y[(?O6PYY^Z_FZE#P_;


V^[
$^-

MR3#6-V=?SC!G66'^S=::$:-M/^Q7[0
0.P 0/Z$1]I(X]*)PR
HYV!5:.#?3


O$U%
#

M$V#V.C\45=[



[@1BWH+N/+BH]]811

M_6$2RS[P80?7Z_W]OKG



\3O6!;;'J^M1
M1)(0APXEONM@/W*P1P84U--Q#IERVX:C7X.K.71



M[3E^A/S8]Z&+8)\U L!)=-2F:\%A6&[_6A2;/_
MXW8 9KUAK_U&^L9MH\X8


MLE
6K87J5HD)X4C6I%7P\3U(*VQ[!


CF



MZH#SU%?-\UH-^&:B.\W#OBM/QH+!&_I,NXK,?%;@IODQ-&DAXQHJ+%9S36

.$*<O=1:Z,:-TI/LYHVCZEJ%-XTPH-'8GX:.&&D5KJI28J!V:
M_V[O\[*541L %&$;-?Q?1K$-'&&YI((JU[C&[$^!KR[O8-^[M[JQR0B9]B
M

M-2<&I3LK;8\/&IK@3^0_OBVSMO&;@E=06/L=^[M-LQ;;JT'IG=YE?$C@/C)
M/_?I/[*R.=
G;7_ 'U1_MWZZ*[9
9W^V4@;\AL&M


MM-UO

TWIC%W_BJ;X=S^8OUI?N*L;JM

M#+8]8'V7\AO$LS+G9S%5OW0OY:4.



MFV*;%Y^S6ZY8S42+$)=XP$YBGTVV C^FL0?[UL

M42)._




KYKB3H.5'L)@'V+5M


M3T+=:+$N3W0\/IDZ*==C]/@Y.DYK\6CR9M?A\184^KJ2L/XV6U'X4NF7K+P_

2Z.P6$](YVC)+I[OGV,$^CP%IV5:$VVSB[4N.PK=
M'6I$^?:/JW?O\EWVML[NJU5,;.R%R(NQ&Q /. $*A^KQ!,AM=-;6J&%9A[?-
MTOL-7WI_L\ENTOVV&?/L-B<'02/JM4<Q+Y8OGH5TN4 @O4V&@[8:U'-6:Y\A
M\TSJ6+L_EI$YUF_6N8IK?;P);XEN#OC)3M5XPZ]9F=XV)VXREC=OAVLP5A#2
MR '4(XE#(PAESB'I$?H2QWQ; 2 :2%M@?%Q1X/LZ(H0GL\;
7 VZQ8Q99W=
M(W(JV\


M


CYV*<JVF[9G\N7N=U
MVRNN^4:8UJ3_[PL!9-3%,/(%V :.A%&203C'AD&DE=Y3(!GLABP*R:+ 7H<
!'T



M4(M(/A[;KK =A#@)O

M4C4+Y)
Y_8+D\3&'JN*HZ(D7((VJELD(XRCV1&61Y-5Z6U3[
OMP@XM[?E)_


2SHB7$E?+


I.R\
M6DS*EIQNM+BL 9C5(Y



M&8W5:0AA!P'0*

M[31?C 7S

M4Z?#BSG9P\Y!DTK)NBPDL=:-?G-_IY-9-N$\,D*CGQ?




8@CCT6NOMW8M45O'M#4FNDB*([(*AI(5LJ=


MWS_Y9;;7W_F1.UGOB:*T[ANX_5W J. QDGUS\ ^_EIE?;KS--NV-MKP2_
G]


%DV7GAV0=L7GY0@MTTSVQ8'Y3#S+:=L12*M!:3VC=M(#
M=)U<P_29^)<;:#^Y8Z/L;?M
+T\%*_P

V2C=FK:L]^

MGA5?B)2DZ'PT

Q

MZSK6T
3?]F='#*I


NFM_*D[@.

M6H22VTLT42VFV3-PK*[+)XZ=O++H!9+-[%
1HNV

M?/3;_.MO;0'CQZS



$@<L#3Q1&^*Z#98J,04*9QDT0T69R')@\E1_Z=+8[H\,*E(#*IIQ<40::U
M^U3XF(%Y@7+N;E_+</@] HZ#21@3G(0H )B)_T\)_1#*G0#I



*1O2


M
/&=F


M5FS98[9Y_;U!3D





M1(*N8*73)S-$J/?[]E!U!P';9?]$

^LN


/+[^BWK%SG#.D*1RZ-8AMAOD?/]F 4+\-&7K$@:M==LO/
M5!(



MR[8:K+/53FGK 9


M:
:7XO=*R_R?3;M=7
'S=<I^M<[.%4!O



SQN$3%?JO+11+^=5D



MPJ,'1A#@H,P";$X;N





M8W:I:T\YDQN'U'3Z;P!G;0[HIIVZC73E--.WZ;PX7WP[Z@Q'1K[8L[3/NLS@





?G=

M0-7EIXS-LO



&#';8E]




+G#IGFN\EL


3H6A6=PH<+BL^M JP@
M6Q@(X@C)P!!%%B]\?A)D'H@NZ:H<]U6M:+=V&4T^ZF9*A&Z:B+TGD=H


%[&G%D2M.'9






9*%WK/?FC[Y/L]T(


X\A.'XBA)O*A/RP**;7N1!;+CS7H!




M1Q&S


8GV#C/WF&3.OK+4

2
MR3ZQ@+IP??WVM8])C/$V4V6Y;L_//R;IRO?X$M1EXQ(G030!B/C8I22(?!#V
M:U
.H
!9QH!$JTF&1R//%:LO=TRBM\/


M^RI&@.T$1%'HA)Z+8.0F-





M#'O

%HR1._0A(3^:/D N=+HKW1S/BT.ALD7;^3B1\-7

T

L'PT+]!\R34

NKVG.'KO-DJ)LMAM
/9PXB6.S? F#G51



MBFSBVF$$ DQL&H  =FUR.')19U1+AJ-'CX6-]Q@:V6 PCD-!49^
/J4A\T7F
MS&CM.5+.::86


M4\(*_%N^9;^X?=(





M\\RZOGD'+:



*PE7-CZB4$M3+#Y52
MR:%]V7=530H%*)'2-[UL*(F6\/A*JP*=FWY+<[,HK9 ?5H 9.T6?ZOYN;/K

 !AZ'L !0 F/J0

SG@XJ7S][_DUN\(X]X$&##\14


MD
;41X2 




M07;% @W

MU^:G8KM-BI+?8K9R(8BBF(WV
&*3SR2$@3T




9)\J
T


M

R.0 (=RN9?#F#_





M&0(RQHG9T

M6#YZ0
KBH

M(D









M

M*WT

08NZ
.NIE?AEZ


MH)B%







N
M%F-HY5%=8S]GY==\W5_ Y]EVD@ ')YY'PL2.8[=K
T*)*[7K=EQ+AM6S@Z)P
M

MKGQBVSX



M?
-&Y%&70& 3B'L(KA/Y?3& JFJ-:%IA05].Q7IL/*/
P/&3=]L]#@V^L;(V
MAG15D3/-MD;)&\AOL7;+DU9_. $\[X.)I/!Y/J6$48-;EBJ3.DR[*)K:^!NQ

R(0(A)0$/B.TF(8B_IX,0$
M 3T*J@G+-')ZO&?J)[Z9]&<M:JK+'ZK2.J4/)EW@OCK67HM9Q(L*CVR:6X[%
MB)?29LV^7*I0ZS;SHFH;X=6$A!^VL%5@%45.X(<V(#Z**(H'%.GAX-L.QF;

E=-OEF)QN1O
MZKKX/[-T6]_AM&P$^4N9[3:?V*P05M7^G@_SOM5)7JW3[;]E:;D
/$)8$
[

M\H.KQL6%-BQ\MQS;C9H-X?QDCRQM#A+4&QS&NU0U($SJ31U!H =\+AK
K?F7

L^MAJ2WF8?BWQ7XSOV#F1O
M=UV

O! X&%
OP#!

9W/5:/!
MVM(VRTEO$8_[@G6 H]84$'#&ASF-S6C\F[
MR5)CUPQ
7-Y8
I-W3$3#_GJ
#_U&:+C;'.\VY*?Q%;NF1B7R(X1H@$ 28#M)
M*
!^?W9Q$B)WY#5(DT T' 
/&I@V*OAP4




M=K@V=XJ9G\Z.8'(..%


MAY9)HS$_F9T^BL

0LUY2CV:_CW+;^\8
M(

MC



8]D99

[APVDE?K



_Y1M8F\9

PK3[8+I@T]^+^*[8W7YALX3^?L3N


MM

M3N3B.0/EUVLD_67T8BHH9N\EFBH@PKMD5;?T2C(-I7#')5L2:ON]MVCLXD
[+/-!S;^:0WXDEYOLQ4,
M*?(C$! O1B&/@8.ZM$[L4UEQIA+P6Q^U:!!;+60KZP!M'6
VCK MOYH@#\O

M-K0#/XD;Q X022JIB.;F5PO6UP2BCF6Q\N:.&%8U7O$GO:=.\\)\\HFR8B




!M*N[_L(V5&


M(JHWO^^J;



4V-@?F7RQ1Q%V-]O[0M*
UXDX8DMAT'




C=F1!@VAO+T'3C5CX]6F(2
M5@42)[^EY6U:YKLLW6U^2[\7NUV:5UE[4E.^:\O]NKE- D 0N2Q'3?;I!@


MKFM*3DIV__,MIN;HF3?9N^+^G0FHALM^M3U' #\!!#?AC0.0ITHT40L)_)


//*Z@RU


ODAHTK9B@MPI'

G8-\%

MD/H)W]/
P!#;IP3CQ'S$O0QAZD@[A4P+$&\PL.KE?/* NA '31 _]3IJMK@Y
M3[C4'B;%O?&PZ.$D3KHBRGHJN10WKWPTV2[]+=.D^W'[MUK\.-BXF?4)N

MK)[H-:DPV$OE7L:V9G]H!
=^& 5! AW7=VP8A@YT^T9P0(0.YU)\M.&Q)/S\


2II?Y94B:

MN#]+#L1&42XX'IN*:\EA64_O 1?3NQL6DRS8\VO=%*6%RVR3U]:[HCH






M3VU6-(Y.P0G29#Q*SI4& AM@5U8#[4UQ\^;W_ESSB6=.YX@Z-XG20O RA$J3
M+4^G5AH9$I6JOQ;%YL]\NUUY%




%KHT=V3(B<T@FJ#OJP/.[DM(!OGP5DD%OB(KF4APA




MS$@;GB]W4F9$KN)IA4.$^'4L
V [" 0)+:/$B=TW<GPR %.R&6&3AH:]3P6.+=


M
H*,OBSWQW6ZU<UT[X*B/- X<;&
2@[ZE$I*G&5YQN6G@;2
M&_:']]8FNY8L:%#B2TQN3%


M8WX&='%C;1E*53518E!P\&*8/
E1RT 2QW

MUH1AF7ER



MY$0A]!




MRV4(V&@K3I5ACF9%O89AY9(X\B&






J6:MCQJT:6S[*([C
$!)DKBQY_=%
MJY -Z5.+1G1S2YZ^-3 [3EKV6X5$MA&Z)Q=!9[UI




M\)X7Q*YP +@4!C!V;9*0( B'*C*(?;ESWXP 
#TCG$;=M Q%-6MB,6&W
ME]PK_<,I$4.]U\=V/RLZS*_WM<<[I?B-.!A0S?E<^@XL
/0M7D9!G!P?R$@

33#NMT=R_+3^Z+.+

OXI[OBY_2!^-V-W?)2@_9O?!?G

H(07(W#JFT(*


A4
_V/Y<JY<V
1KN-;B)5^X

M#0/LIB&*@BSV:

X6^?;8I45=^6RWYP1KR0F?%\B($+8Q#[P\9#E(HU376






.O##UG4^SI71!
@S#T0H]XA8! Z  [C8#T*]X8X52*


A^R$1'4(-7DT]%528[ONU$
S%?:M[\T5#N\\1'ILIZWLQ97DW-2UQ(LL
G+
MA^=UX_ 9I33&[#PTT)P[DC<+2_(D7O'/-\T=L\*-%O77<LF/PPWG%;(T\T%
M4Q+X+@(@1FX:Q&X&8I3]HWH1DT](S:KU#VN]L7:(YOL:-%9GLY6KTWP.X\7
MS) OKVK:YA@2GB
N'XK5;EU\O/OW7;[9EMM\VZ[EW57U8WMD!-Y6N^V78MEV

M-OEF6^;K[R6_Y)K\O5C?5?

M8

_V[9WZM7%LBB_\G%EXS2#[\.YG^J^SA\E)ZNS85ET/CL;P!:W

I</U/\=/MB1L'Y!P033;&/4W









K0\Z.N%GVY(DAQ')  $T)=2L



M+[?66V#LDL U]7:!JTU3K?DMJ
6*\'/ O(
-'XV%042*&,3MRS-L@3!+$T[
M4X&; Z2M S8+HD=X7(&8%(3+#WZSHO8:


R.W*Z

M'-

2R1!QP=8W+G!:9TL*1.H]B!9I1*)33
M$37VK)1@WF+G3-5%F]!Y%%KTW:@



M0%4;EL6

03DMJDF/).ZY.:- NFS.0W6TO3A[
!X?511ME<,HKV.][

?\![_[Y)%?@)
/

MX%X^ZVB











B$V_KV$4+ZMQWP/I[H[W-VPZRW/_(J;8=ZGK P1B

VRQHUK/.'N&QE:;Q3T%





4@]@80Q VE[E
R

 7^@ 
FJ8UAK81U
MZP+JNU8$5(9@HQIJB5M+
MZSNB34BK/)A^MFD5<%#97%59=.XO%+V2G1 WP$

M/:HW4&1CJB]CWKZX^I;$58)BP]IJAUW;TLI1SUI9][2:$%;Y&/UDNJK@H*JL

M))D?H1AZ8

()TD*$1FL4S9\7FRK;;XV*J
7;4J)





M$7J1GT0@H!!' 
9ET/4B2$./8P@ ^[\4,J
M:;/VWO\]4F</U3G^JP%_$1MB27)//.ZVPK+/-YS:]Y5XSS<<F_VY^)KL=D5





3

MB6=U!/@H]5RUEZDSU=KFWW72D&X@5)++B#'03AG'6/^YDL;Y* BG D/!G*/

M



MTZCQ&XL*%O38:
3



J*J15FY






T#L3I3+BRDNI

Y(Z9@9D3&2$I,ST1P]']X:%VDPHJPR6?68EYN%P/JTSB+482H

M9Z:.B-KM
]!9\6GUX2X99U-MG25?B6!H\W7Y#Q:TVQ_.T[I8W1=7_(JT[7U^

]Y=


M'YW);\FQZEPURNNGD(




4^RB*@I!2#%% !UMA%L0R]3LUY:S[P&4\\11R=7K
M%$D3J];9YTLN 1Y1U0*ZG-*LE.E.TG*F2*='XSQ*=)H^58?+.&IP?OR[[N2
M34E^T'Q9KMF?+*!);RS+8@ B3B(? 2$%
4#\925^Q*'$T3EH6%(V'CA1Z?







Z]4/+C<<462




M_EI+$N595Y%JX1K2F'S3F FU+V7A(E+'?*#
]1YM2=.2MOFASIR-IUT^R8

0LDFY&P#MCT


PDHJF0O)\94W)&P%M






B3)YDPE2-:+2_*CQ(JR]!P7['PO3IC*@9! &H8!3GP$]P4[-B/5
MTA\90^.*D)'ROQZQBG)DBU

BDU3?BVN^;49!6_(T4K\@@0X
MC1'P@0\C/_;8W(3  4($8JE.4T8-6QY?'&%U6K#.,[1.!]=YQP'_TN=#P1L:
M[,1!3/@FX&<#)IEWU:;!&$FSZBDE8#
0S/MN/:ZB8(M_H3U=/6?NWYT1*OZ



ML60E [;7R-@O\!K6@








HE\0IA!Y(1A0,-66:KIGVK9EU<R&3D@<;--M1BB:
M7QRFF1PK+_; Y;;\6FY+Z7N%3$=!6D1'#XZFG*H_5:0*X?AO7(X8H=#;@-1
M7


 P\_=; 3T:2!T.-&S:LLQ^XGMYF*;R\SG=7K!/5;.MBVU9MP4*






M.WC:0\QP3/P$4#9T#=(0@AAYR0 1T
A;;(I[_JEBBC\J-%Q23MQ.?9?/;X
MR$^0'DE\L7+X0^GD1X6[ZLU

RR20QGT=ZF<;U:@;OG+GYQ=YT$E
/!S#*D =)G(381_M=#2@*
MT6);;?.U_D1V*#4C&&/35AD&(Y?E[U4= 6*,ZFAGT28FRN(TZX_*;#N/'1

MW:[NX]UKG/M;

LCOVP)
NP(O66)#X5[2%IQIB]



M=KON
!7U8]=5

MRWS-INQ


T@

938_R]=K9/ ]'.3SD

M3BU

MQ)#EA'($T#D@=#J(PE)G@


MMQ



M

^J<9YPV4KW^:UB'0[<;R+L^J(N C?P400SGW@04I?X441[
M*+Y/(D_^K@$K

M-QU9^$GF9B) AR@E'(MR?9VB!M3A8MI&V
^68Z[U@V;EJ(DFTW%;@3G(I9
M)4QR)M9BN7*.T$QQH.G(_+E9F#)Q\U A#?PGCQ2I

5XW'RMF

MT=@T%

&OE_MS+3$G




MB$

D@QFN&]V2D( 




SR?3E/F7

UXJ#4
MIO2/'TZQ





MV+4.T;VO4)2MTU4=*WQ/7NFQXU5E]RDUT_GBD _[L578WJNFEVO./
PG5]
MC'T*4N+$8HQ'#8.1Y1G!(3C2X

I08\1%;)P_
MDY 8&OKO=WBW(3H@'WH6#MCGT;?B

M*M@O--6Z7'6CIC#TLY3 (
X@3
(P\1$9-J5$/H626T3


V


$.4I&F4
MAC0C





M01PCE@8 ]) /71P






5D'FIHR[F7#6IL




M+X!+*/(1\CR$LC2%$?2C?7K-

M.7QY

C&ZL*$Z3

M_U
![(0$I2+P 0



9)#][E3
?ISJIB:BI)J]ASIV?@)\N=83
ADT%&C
M
V4.'73_S R7^AY!/B%A& *W=3-0#8X UP8&9LQ3N?/T=-=L)'8+ID.7+T


M@VJ3=(M)]41
RZGR

0U)M./:R
M[8


MW#T^\BN=V.O)_ORSV+9O8U
P*2RW9=&T Z9.'9N'JM[^RFP\LMGEX(VD2JIS



2\WBQ



T#5QV%TVR)Z6;@WL^3
/$(QYFFDQ2&OO#&-A+$40R

M(Z:O.?S+NMC/P'&6!(C0Q(M1BI
PC:C?V_4#/Y#JDJ5O;0(=NG(&C(I5.@



1^ GT7XQAA]IT;#88RGPC=YJ?Q\9;5J\
D/*=2)NGB['

?N3D
MAR%R.DC.@$E^$JI


@^




M07$6\;N70-#8B'I?:

T$056W1^??A%P? G*B
MD\4?'+G30Y^\'[

M%\-\5'B0A=F?AR[E)(D
MB_S]=JZ ^
EP?N7;5YOE0?4TE9E7OJ7 ,47FEY74?*MLWTHF!3?EYL-;_//
M1M4_BKS6'DC+\ZX\6+9*MITZR-1JEG.4&9\KA*IX='ET:HF6WHW0A\V:U
MR$\K)6%



M01P%64R8N1#V1D
(

+!FQ3A:M.VT]NQ[X_\&?[=Y

MI511/1!S%4
-CRYJHY;!A=#VJQ=WNZZW5 _VEE\7F_+9?F4;[:+%&.4L%%N
M *8IA1GD3]T. HQ\J1.5]I'8WGP21Z?UM6/HG6QS-KY/HAL38*LJ(T; E

MZPUEW-T\E/6*0VBQ-(N4DB@)8IQA&'J NA%VT7ZLC0


$+[)^B\:Y]AD






-N:J
:WBD<BA7BBW]-C$T+^N_



U5

MJ\M340.L:1ZL6W\NMKMZ\W%S!

*H-O
2REF]IAFJMT

R5Y74]NORU-P(

(ANRS
$@I(3/W812F/B9P#PBDT$S0Q


6CD_.Q1Q8( %T0)I+$
MIRGU@Q#3H?=NG 0X,7AP5L*J]7,)[0MNY\2L#+FJ6FJ155LJ^BG_P?'.]TL




MK.XWY3^*E?9)2)U0J(ZZ1HJ!B3'6$)+?]R'I8.]///XQ0)_\F./;K
KIJ7YP
M9BNJ!ER[K*RF^#

J^EEYLVIJ%'2QU#/

M*$M0[*:9!V T2'

KKTW#O^$V#



-1K8.C'Q*ZNJV&R+NW'P^G1Y%TQ/G84










Q



PW^_


M4)HF
*
A&]OZ

AW!%
M51N):P

E[FT09!300BID*H@G/+NFC
?8$BJAGC//[S3[N


M[\7:[$34FE7$ENJ/$U

M-0?=[(OA[_H;''@5@_W9PH;8=-ULX XS=(@1EBJ8U-!G &TP&0FV92-5V+
M







N2YQ T#$A$(AZW1








!B:#070X4*AJ,LEXVW!]:^G;D
MBE-Q]3VYNZB\.WS]C3G$KP^\+9RCWY6_'=)^6
^K]&PC*J??1[=U'GOA?-PX



+F(8A\8.((AKX
M(8U(F@P'EX
P\6/!N88A:]8G$@.67]?E5S8

8[.











C<=Z]+[ZRQP#\(I?<IGE

D


M@O
)FYQ8VHZ8%6W5(ON

MYJZJ']OA+?K1_[=GTBD(7$)PF

I/H9VK _XN)U


 @ACY-




LHM!-49A0X)$(D!0.IBA-
M

M/-)OP))EG?FX?2AJX1/C)I@[KRSCDR8K
3TX![:UM#V\06XZA((:;8A2X9/W

M4C5V04Z MG

L6_2OX
'''CE#-\/V8
M^PD R6K'

M1A#Z1(B'?#IVK




M3=LT8MO$QUD/
I')
_40-*%YLG%4X&Y@\DTO1%ECFU#


$VA:THQ &5F\E


[[@J]B\0&2^YA]PSZ$=I^?UOX+Z+JVR;HX_RG3)R.1XP55U



/&KX1
&OF2+U$&]5RC?8N@
M9V1)W4=FJ/ CY=76Q4QPWQLC:2:;=[8&VX-MI<I;.@;1A38'O)B')NQ;8=P

@3?7<3XR7.'11S9;QC@WSWRB

ME?\SVW4/&IHD
W82/[ LSS')__D1O9 Z6
=&PJ5\JFQJ5K\3H/%5C+H^T&\4

/ L&/7=B-(


MVXH
U[#B$!J)81TGU!9)-X752M3@@K(U7*Y]R*J\?'O(:21;0
+FX%E.RX8W
M@WJ
9
)+4((.YH*Z]@9QK (GR_L*E4[:I2G)4\
7^R
ZXR=[/M_\O:C(=VX+



#)AG.#(]./(\GMK


M
+5LP60./OEB '\TUR+6;Q SH;&R5*Y#&J6]*-5V
5]*'8TME#1E]-.NQI



4M)A4A%F@JU1%B

?'B!&H
%=+8M

$4+P@T#LZGV=$&H
%/(-

@0P
O'T
NM86J8**LS7_!J*+.=YGPHK@%)./
*8]^
M!O)C^E!GGV_@P\


[8&0^F2R'T)%2


MTT6[@^5L?5DVZ T;5P
@&I:3LLKRVZ([Z;!]NJ[2HMYWS^K=/Z3;9N
Z%G:A
MYT$C1E&



M61-A^M0K\DTRCDT_=@(4V1!QE1 3-Z
YQQV0T:$SPB;V:H@
FVP;!#



=KUJ 3(D A3T7(D(:F^1HYHM/:CBITO0([DM)I1%
M@KUU*(J

M$7)E-PK

M5O7J5U1^+Q^SJJ#VH^Q[\RW;'KKC;;UMF


7C(#I.\S.3
;CL&(?KEE46E#
IQT%^9F6
MD%FHX1./%@^7=BABBOF$IW[&1


NW=RM,E4#2BIHS_R.@
/5?F8[[)=6Z2'_$E[TNMG

RAS[

MIER;+7X04Q)^J:CO*CC5]?'X-*5O!U8(D1''IN%9* D=P^J-1@9*N.:JDJ8T
M_T?:?57UG27B$]CC;X&V8O=75DUOUUG9-B,XLX]


M

M6D
U+1?5-GV01M+J;YU.QLP+@::G7/JV

M=9+F5?ND6I37VWU9'ZILXT-LA @;
#(CVTH2$T?.()BACYFFV8I



+#^)8I+R83LP7#\X)GNQ
M97J\!?AE;&D6KQ



M
W#&)SBOZ5KJYO199B:T1I+*=0B-K!
O+T.KX(3Y]G-:WR7[\L=S6W'BN @;


MLE5P=CK%U[JU
*G@;


/U/&S91H2@

U$&Y\
'1FCJ$9*M
CL

LT+


M_$@+#]QT^-AKPLEQ-RTVLY+&IS8=6STP



HHI

M#V


M&PB3C_-P:&(;AKYW-!&&7&4FN3Y8LV(.6(0.@/


'[T

0!JRY\+$^7\6//
M) F('26!&R#'-[#?'W8
R#S.X:H#Q/&QFO6 (N&3 !Y*V(:_)C;XACX%L= 1





M/V-I:F*J@MQU*(\:5Z8ON
OPPZ%.U


MNDCAE(L6QE(:

Q(0
M!&V#@40@UXJZ##













BE-.\-




M.5;R)D1/.?_K$$'U;I6:^RWS&96(](QT



M7%=00?\Z

UP_\RP;

O)5QJZ=V

\WX#*TW ^


#X.)P8T[I:8QU#
M6IMW+VO.:661=4?#K)WAPX3P@?<;KLCB]FN?9;M#*IN:;7Y0E2IW'W*B _7




[+/?R)C_[5NZ)Z%K



+2BV$?(

G3X&@QUL
LUV5=K3' .^Q;__
M$7^Z!A\^)9^__@&O/WS^Q/DJK0I.&4\[SDPGYPG'#ATXP@

2
MSS%PV+F/:\Q.UMAJZ#7

28[EA 0()=C[(](OX1UZ OU-7O)I?=8SJDH]3E

MV&6/&[.S+#AY4


MZ^??O\(_U.2[' 3+32/T




^N/_00Z9F^_G3PZ*3?W)6
&+B;V!=4R_TZ=@85^_2J

*Q4H.:UUHHD-
LO0P'T[&<GB'3=I=T485]E4=@$



#@#J#=K

MT!4'\L'W796



M
M+;*.K3








OA-&7:KH.


MEBPD\!TK3BT
2)Y_K8&\YGA
BV0QX1XOMDW:E*!X9/9SBY85
6?;3P:4F/



2FC3R




MVI]7S_\^Y%6V
S?0MI
@='QZ5
KY@V?
M/R&X+VJV_KW.;@[[C_E-MK'BR(SL




#TA
MQ;

8L/C2F E


M1_K_-Y&JZQ_E)DGB)

DG[]4[IZ%3?
MQGLR


M




M:4CE061HYL$Q
/(
I

+5;&W
M4!ISB=.Z[MD7_[X6[:[S0@T@N)#\9AUD-IO_I[F!?U-E-T0G[YF6_H897Z3


T1$O4L2LDTHL@Q6Z]9][+$?#0P+DS,WZS+4V\
MC.EPB.E1;

MH+6M&/.]!+$42H&$B2]7ZL&/#B(P;


MLFA(NQ%;MQ\*


MNGP#94Q@)2')S

M1F%4D@Q%:B;JBEMF8H*^5!]8Q\1\

#.PD#F+BT

V/ O##F%EO2-O&\Q!M^V=]GN
M0$_0F]9O1G@%CJC;'/6$&PS 5=6.(12-QAWYZN688^?PS-#3T #+CD =#I7:
M.JNJ\1CE]9:$V$.575/9WWBQ[1C82$('6;$/$Q3Y46O?
TPR8_99KE*IMZKY
M;I3@.#UY ?YL_7A[O.IN%5FQU-D@LV@F1UO
I)TO*!624-%F6;N2OO%+*AR
MS+'.W4X8]OOR1TI8J0F:KUF=58]9?4T^_[


MY-%B4E:XRG9Y0Q=M_\CNOV?5)L!A8













M^HYGQ*;-




#

M1@MZ:?'$OJCW4=%MVQE7]CY.W

M72FF


<?_ZONJ?]U_3JS7'2SB#LFY;B/32RO<G

Z@.MQZVGW-

MFB.Y]-I.FSNW5V#NTO;MVB/)


OS
M?2L

MTP7@SCOFI$)7$UU

6]6@]D/V&NJ[F8$Z\5M L

M7M


VX7'357L9M\8.;SH%^HL2LPUH;ZF)L7$L;\07(KGE&L%^N


MM][0&?\D@3^OLUV/RH2^880A-A
$H1?8MH&'0ZV!X9JLQ;5FP;+B8)H-KLP2


NB[?1K!FAA









MD%V^V'+VNB5=?&C*-ZY=/BW&.OOS\\NQ+W'V_/:V:FO_CDZA']]H./7\[J9E
MNRA4]^U$#VB]V&WJSZ
_23U6S\7B^?5J32VQ^



:EFT
MJ) =





M7GPL:P*;?K5Q0]]S$L

M6T^D.Q


MM!


5

R#U+&[\0L:/XV7




*(PC.W 34(C'$PC'_FRTL9M
M4+.VC9[!V8]JZ]_WZ35(&W!#9X/U ^ZVY6TZ3O.TVQY?6/OQ'$!5 K_RIF

M9:)G6 ;)\AON4XR!^





M87^8IK-#;SCWIC\4=5.U]PW[#
OW ]- 








![
Q3'BVO


MYE
C*1[9Y&@NOGTZ WV%MIAF^!H0I%4,+L.25+B2:F^WTF)TK/BI:W9V/,-
M;(0&)A-%'QN)&R6#%B:.X3 ]9*?,VSR5)3%;\
(&Y6;DA(I 5Z%E$HOI9)R

@^--E]O;%\PPG\Q#0\-XF1



M)XA@A)'6ZCZIWOP$

F0:G+Z

^
/[C'Q*D=?W4F<M&5ON_)$AU<V^^!$B
MY0Z5VH8([V7;X2C3


MR)T 'E=5GL;I_!5H87:K+W/?R67A;B*55TS^.O)YU4Z]NIRK@3.N/;PWIQ6;
MR/#B($C\)(P





MO7IY=E@+:PP'ZTY9SN]I7GPD



MT/5

:_FFX(O\EUKA





9\UL\$Y#[

ZUL+4ILEOZKM#%


SS=I8[E\ZN-2S3CXFN.BSA=+CIT.$_%9W6=91^)W2S*
MZFV5/QSGVYO0#LP@]'QBR0P]US 2AWR%+0];]/8VYCH*+V%']_GW%MH5:
'1

(P#TXH

M32B;2L[7H7!*/2KU]5!%BD?M]B]2)*[MM_
'VTB2!-E&9#J#92N


GPG]&.$
M7-0;


/?\SL
LN0LOEL@[4IK*.P;]5OL[1(JBR_O6O^01?G]C6\
MK;)V#Z&W:3A1$$SM&G!52


M2

M= TC#GT'82..(V0

MJYMSU?/: 2^@@*] #WE%

6]_]$N50Q_C;



MFYPA:+!*IQ#E:07$C
PP2:+ QJ9)(EQ@&S8^6O
IBJ-LC;FC#LRP_2K#&&






E-DAS
MN;*P(._/6Q%!$5-B6[QUTBZL]Q^I$_M^S5T.6K\_6%2])7VVWV]L6+Z+2;


M4L S6H_W#JN6P=.EUWY9A(:^;\XN5@']7QBWF$^7?&NZ?5CANTN.E7!#DX








D7!!+<0(6X]<.(_HQ<R3'!-%*JTJ'



&:Q:/# R@@T%B%PU^DBZ+A59^^$2@QH5XO#2

Z$(4P2!P?0?Z;N*X*!S
M1-ACJDDG_.'SB



F48X-?1+H]FLX6F2;%40@](\+8
M]@S'L/!P[B,@4L8\E1&W,+.0]%N)4E+12OF.CB3DY.F&A3+R@C,I@D182\
MM8F*D ]ORHHX(RS HFA76MLG]YN(/:3
$(!-*

80-&P2P8G-9=E0A\K?-+ 2(@*

M:IAA%RXVY'N5??_^9@7F;D)8(+.(Z1%7L1

M5\

M3/[YN;HN?Q0;



'#$?:7YT,U
M2TF;T5,PG,K!1\QEK=#&9\Z
-*AY$SMR.
WAK\0*


.G^&S(@S-+R
B .O5302]AEX+I*Z=L\WY[NOY?[C1DF



M$7JVR7S:7.C#-0_U 1

7(CZ0F0M+PMR
M\
8=NP]U?2 3#R\((L--PMC$T+4<B'$R




MA/&_D@TY)CBJBW7%1+HJIW06U:0-K0* 8((3W\2A'4+'1CB*HI



MK;B5#N.(__:N&).LLC

9'6]
M7WHHC#!?AA'

G6ZS2H(\H(6E@














NDEV





MFJ8=6;AM
/ C0VS C&A(^9AIL8%\/7O\:/F?5K.#!P)7YC[

MT/W#Z^D-)_=M4P:R;3T
D.?@P/

AYU5N.;G$CB<:\YS<!8 _TW+E.J$=8#V

PIE:K&(JY5@OPN6JU$

\2K6;;Q+RB9B

+]0YYO2E#FNXV8$@R@

M&



8U07(YGZ'KH!#9RK!!J.M2P

M2/NN981M\[9-7WK

M/OKP@-P\U_[LJ*MDF=M'N9?4_J?U



W$LKMGA;90F:F
M-3$


MVDRZ9W:!UX:Q[C;YU75*V?FL'F\OXS);;;\R6

M#M?UNQ1L:J8O;.99V9ML(5WCN4BS-
/PO

M-)#?

L3.3[P@-&W;=S4#

MCJW



MQ?_XB=Z!;M)^B2'@.[6$G63N1@BC/$=P'E;

V4[P#1T'(&

MS=8\'2/-
B!9_;N6;;


M9:CA(IDY_U[7


MF3G

M9]IV9.)(1\AW-11HEA

732%TW*.W @9BA4SM_#':-

 _I18$'7




MUGR=GDY M(9]4^[Z;[S3SOT#FTITHYE(A&@[

M:



05#1?6--1\2%:^


M3@VY
7MV(^@]O8DWA;]FW]6;Q



\=I)0L
$K7=&OAU;'HRK7TR+2P[I/V(MTQ

4AL!B[II? .^=D/Q7E0V;OLEZ#




UOLJ_9[0;]*;=/$+346ZVIKO?/
R(XVG^2;\N4Z237D7
M%P])Q=I:F5;@:B9[)= .-%

MFGJ]4^5]I:N_QM*5R%?K4R*V8=A?^!1DY;1)GIZK9AG4GYOIH[?#$IY^62=R
M9 K\DG8IS$'H^ #'D=EUNP1O2.E]H0GLV)YTS0SKEV0&9^0 0P

MT#Q7^AGFF1])
U 3!1JF0#-X&(+_[CV8/Y?BE[1OFECU*?Z9/NV?J.S1?E2?
MJW2]K6IZVX;V-A:TTLB3-)16+_]1=D$MZ]^M3K^OT$][TN43Q@01VO(Y6:?;




4_A.C4J_MTY?FF*_P_ H]1[KM5]%R4?;*:SJ




')L#3M1B\A#FM B6B6.

&J)4I=(RKT\WIEN




ME@=-SS7#


MLJUZK:%*6..X0


'NOOC)L0@NOP&OZ$0

8ED4
$!*VC @@8M.
 E6LFADNKIY[YG.JL;
06_K&D_GA3#





-/=N2[

_6;-1@0 'RQ#)J



L1E%IA$@WW






@

M


U$3PR&]?$1J;/H*)6@B(6


MQ@SV(\MQ=1-;MH^UT+3UL$

M3VRA

ZJO!M0=8%66E2.N^9?++
MT_Y?Y(OOW,.L?^;T(*0I^+O]ANT6-X$'A9/O24SPLP+]@?]L2*)2Q:AK/
G
MVGSW^^P;%RSAE!:C6=

MD6;?]%-O83[=L!P_XY/%^'6S=9;E+^$X0A-FPK
E  R?][3A#I+1P81O;8




JP\SC9=%


M3=W1'=L
/-_PM=!P+



#P4



\-5'MO+&)P2




M[RI6OWC3?
X%RZ5_9A

M9(-]NJ/76YM&(B

MOE1(C:!*-T ^%F








^RVI5J&-R!QE.1Y$&#D1
MMOS0:)N$(0Y655[%NY$1+T]#0O%NAXE;0.[HK]!=QD80GKO +3D$;MF9&L_3

UQD&8ZOM
V

M\ S1

M;3:
:,(X\ZFX2X@8_4



:-RE\7VZ(TNI/P[M\H-9/C#
M.4$]N6(3PI?ZM<I#)=R/ZA(HHI[-E!/V<!
Z&/J1HCN20M/*^XX
F:7VY'P

;$*QZ':H
MP)K*[W:7_RAIC)'328ZH+GO/)N]^B
FMX(I_*+=\Z_T):!63VP.C ]5#SF+_
M-]GEOHCB5S&0G^L$;G4SB58@FK_3*))-DGM:P4D;%XF9%8Z*D.-UL%##V
M=3TP \,S+0,9EF]WK6L1$JM ):E-Q2K5APFR//O,QH] .6




M3SBYKX*7KW&U+TACW:SB8 \CU]1
&X51X#N:9_O0C#SHAKKON4)![LBF%
OT


7Z9?4M^


QK&2.X!1=8J;?B?J;S@Z

M(M[Z5157R

M$(IU]^XQ*9*8(E*FOH*D2Q=@=7RKUV#FF5] AH\XEJ/$P]SVRXGQ0#.'Z_$8
M7GGNKO:0A#_7NWU)FKG:_I'%=3DX6B^NH$]5DB]_2ZK?XS0K5Y'F1Z'FF2BT


M
SB O@ $-FX9_8%_[W9N7TR[%HM:BHGT.H4&5'3]I]=T85U7!0OK#@NP7.
M+GIW
^=]7A3Y#_KPYP6X3[9YD8!]SZ&;SF):UQ \4)OI [JT#L-C NYC F6=

MEE?9U7.2M46$;D@GO/T1/]\D:^J#S676-V/EV#K$]*D]W0]MS8)&:$8-/%
S

X;*C8QU55I/?[BKU:5N5@&Z=%


UHV
GJ
M!=)JS#! -#0\BV#4^S$;;






MGZ$D+T-T!J-_IRCQ
!;XGW&FKW_?5OGZ+TRZQ2;)-N5U4MP^QD6D_6._+%9
MZ9;O^0CKCF4%B.B9[T2&;85::$'-T@VAPFE2&E0L1S5&^OCY^B^P:5&3V1U










\6
M]8^L;

BDB'=@O8O3IY+EA.WB


MPU-R%_\
N1'46<U7QDMRHRQ@<5




M'%?DG]4^WJV\,-(U[?LP Q<B'03ZV&+TS5

ATZQ?








I8H__(?8B_4[D

KBL26'Y(:


9]D6?SG;Z:7EYEE]GWA%Z!?;DF/?@Q+I-R95@V\HTPM)!'



NJ(T(V32_;D#
!*/;2NZ

[%OS!
MS2;9W


$@OOAD2#558MK3L-3 :?:K)ZX._9:0,Q(SAKYEZ,HHU[7:A[-AH






NLW^-

L3+P?+R1&'1+N@75'?V6VD2
T6$096]SX$#;@_2$QC ON+.DV^2O*
MBW=2@EH IFL8&HPBS4*VK4'7#'VOBQ:T0.C^E\1F%4_AA^RX/*M/KPZYB30U




M

V3;IFJ'0E:M1#2G6+HID;*PF0MO0X$P18S(4B4*;


M9C5

Y&&D[3:0S(WTP5(E;ZQ9'\J?%-ZX$UC2G\FF3O6+Z$!O==?6[- T
M3&2:T+9U/=#T-ELFP@82NJ0ZL G5QP\4%4CK/.)#6;96]2)QU1M*)6=NBGH6


+A3@(

MW*X9VK&K7AG

M63J?PZ7WT'2M

BQTG*_/K



MI601%G+:KRO#8F9*$.(!OJ4XH@,FA5-V_4,S2/_\3W7L0+'@T::$)=L1)S



85JK:OH%Z!+?4*S$6V.@66S?.$DR@+U^!




41M4.X93





KZ8=B:E57S;ZMR(*6



W)[C4
UNR;L
G=L8&4_K
D1(AB&O





5F7DF-
M*I^%&YP7X*%&RF:4^ @K2&JP@LDZLFCGFZNGY'O87-+].\]HH]!@@;EM+%
MQ]P9_9)
_3*D3;91N=+N*OCB75XDZ4.&V![^^N6NB+.2+';2//L]3K
O1(^#
M9$M^YB[^N8I\&UE1Y)


MT2V(#=2NS/30AT+51T8VI?HTAATF-$^&?FKBPM_^Y__P#-WXWUGR_O)*:T
M)S/3
#KD9*:/K'U+]%
#[OUY1MW!S+M
?70P

M&_

I^5S7J94





MS=5


]J*

COTW.
2RR;A([L1O8

?/9_DI=S:0#CB%R&SHPUXG5R
M@ Q.Q+)8:0







T.?!V&+G;
]GS*C#S3%SLR
MDM^^\M
D.F8^U8/F-T '#8A[N$&5@^QXDRUMH-?9:D6R29(G]J/O_9S83JP
M%_+MK\[DNT&[IM1IQSNG\)73%K$S*DSI&=U4YYYER*M^_*I.OJ 2Q37I+LE

MU^LBH8/_+K\AD=G3
_T[JTMX@++R(J0[?F 9T(;(019IOHN];=NQ!ASIJ( Q



_V--JVN&O0Y[&_!C
MMA4D.&3(IL*TOAB]I=!W0PT8]!%? (9YSBV%#PGEWE0YYIER*XRZ\YN)LAF




MA%E2_D8KE%3D)_:[S0'_[J6V@



MS\
U DI+]KKU$?'-J
%V.@Z:9OS.'B]-9&8^L2X.WHCX0D8+J^VQ\D
O
$S3

M+MD23'A_F3N4CZ%G)2SIB

O8;G(LYWWJ'

D\/:S$6J;#_0#-O5N@;!@Z-R O
]7\^&]89X+7H\L0'(7V


MRZ/IRE@6./9J1T13C(U!.3Z(:U./DLUU_
) %0495O6UV)46V00:1I%A0
L*

M#=$_WU.K0&


)+HG%<7=-VTT=)S0LQXE\.S1W[4\#+VH;3-P' DW

9






M.;Z#0C^@*3J.'H2&&7%=


MO@Y#Y.((D0 AC @2RJG;=.&@=^RKB6%

MPEO#':XC#N6HS) ]X?=Y.K\;+('?900WDFQYNP
LC2'NO=\Z]8+&3JS=]LTP


M@1;23
KS#C7GMGA'DKD

M(]
(72UR#:UMR=)#1V2G=\CG3[+AVR9




J:7A:2/YC=(OL

M9L)L%2#'

MIK_7?&ZW37D!+CF8@:[ADKW,6E)@1=POR_3+G+ST6RHZ_= 1)NI-_KJZN?


MB'=E#O[*\A\9B




8A(@BD._=K

'%@

Z




M]E8LIXW;M1^!G?U@)KUT!FT3!*%/K(,U_0LAX38@*TY(_%[NOJ;42S[E7[


M]69V&H+5WXU

-K87NV#G^+\D0UM





4'3-8YSN%BQHT:I+9\K(ETYJ
M8P1AZ-3VN=JK2SWMV4R0W.
Y376$)I/9E#OV.;_IX:[+J

MSG3W$=D@C$]L1%9WCJ
Y3.6 [!#%@@.RWA&:3-I2Z-*1 9DBOH1.)ZW2++_
MRJ2P?W??&;6




$X/AV\T1%

MLANCT'(


M


M373EM5N:&(!?)8L(G7B65/W]7 BH?D\2IZ7Z?9TYH/I*.!)]].(B6SWR74XD




M3#S3
9%IL:$[WIBB%A+IY[T
:.[S#!+88@)_UJ@$^WX_YH[KP&DR6F+%][




KNJHU
ML2VF





(&8C:KHU(&%$VLD$N:2Q9)G3=]AUC^=8N:D&HT;]_L5AR
MI)X4Q?]LUCI+4#T27S]#LWPWA!^O5S30!#N'+*_3ZR/2'ASI*MW8Z-)C+IFC

AQZU,<].4*YYO$U:<
M)XMZ!@A[%+J6BXW06V(763AU@)K-5F1I;Y7,U9HH%R?S9GQRQ@E<7+W)2


&H&M0X0);8
*52V?&3E:&0Y E




K1Q07:?%]
ME=T72?X:WR^3\]7+NF0_9A2ER[3*E;M@FV/_-'3=*




MQ;;KM88-AS!&1!5YC1G@!;F&7CA0*NYCZ2%6EUD7NT.%AZE*V/YY#3(& 3+
M?66VPKC644NW9++OH* (Y6?#%%&L_!LR!AT=YL.44C[Z3D105KV3XJHYG3T
M61'E#F7:VI]PWHC2G\FBSF[

M/
OT-]5N QRX8Y!G1_;U!@S\#
9$?N 3XC
P'HPHHCXR-Z
MPQ!]CEXGA%$'
&?5DX%
M

M%DRI2FQISIU;C#Q1/E8HP=


0


(M,O.SJP]?)8FL@JN1Z
M^Q84:%!/SDN4 $3KZOZ



KAYNDM=DM4Z*B''![W[-5_$2

M[.12X@!ATW.;;2_CXQ!!HKD-,8C0SG[\9K=(3D^E0F*O)S1-5_A;^H- T+




NVYJ[_4U2

MC_SC^6]2O

Q

M#0VIS2J]#(VE2C4\);HD2FD?9=+ IB)M.D7D@.I40Y'6)TENIZQ0LJX(:50G

LXS)9X*PHVUK-= T8.ZSZAJ$AIX3A69KD]BFU*7_2QIUJD=

ETM$ Y
QG2+%/[9G([O/VCAE
Q
MM1J
3CFQZLZD%JTZQM(1J5)[C242HTKF8;&)Z=3U_%;M6IYEU5&\Z3%4)V@
M*(I9AP7N\B(PL EAN-[K*1KS2+?DIJ.ZFU

M[/9$T\PTD



V8CF+OY)DL5Z7E9OESSS4Y S



#MRKAPOV
_[\BFD8UPGK?*N2'T#(5B4+!_O8Q_

M**


MM03*K$R:O0H
MR55*[^!6ARH;P)


*K9SH[T9U!WOS\O

G*V*;)DNJE'V-?O7_&UK$K$1
ML^?8482(C_W0=C'TJ]&$:WE18$IE@UZ&=._NBXNTTO-K]DOMK;]517C-4OH\
M?5DFU8_?^2 GW/UX%E/EP2B6D]QWL
Y #0S\V?QW-#T]QM81L51\C244(TK
MF89&*'D#%NO

ME%C4K&J[(



&=F3@%H]A


8@#


+


M+J_L978ZDB;
X;%U$^5QF(;H:?#KX[J()N;DW]C]//GH(H\$.'1#EV [(L2%



M#O*=*%3W9GZ)%PM^(3-W[7?15'#_6



53J6)%F3Q2TRH/QC0J
M7/5N?;Y'4@=OLN^?


*M'9%%]







RZ=Y=NWI'S*%CN+[$T.]4UJAVR(0 W784

C=@-$:%&YF](4F]:^1Z%R\\/9H^K5/XJ<-5



M0
LD** H




Z*&;WK$C'V'&)'3H#]* IL7^HV9+U(QAS2\!VE
MM0/5WJ[=7VM\ ']67@@J_$QZST2&CALH=%B(V]#I--G=1DP*@SCYX9-*
M7\7'4LH9%M7^K;G;,EXMXGQ1?']9L/*$M3[/L+XES_=)/@N@;=D(6E&(#2B


M\A&=AMH/Z*^B\K@KTZ)9XNHER6-N\2*)B^0F?7PJKQZ^%_5!N1FT#!H&%#H.


M[00P
ETO

MEH]= D

M5U4

U^. D.5Z=NC#69F5\5*?\@OD-+[#6+Q4W^
M)X-)O2CUNB=PE+(^]

MY/H4V@XD#LFI!;BX*A!?&*90TW)R$ ::%YFN84TV.2,5&2TS]#HLKPTS07


M/

(#)-B5VI_R7HAIO)&31!= S1$',ZNJ(SRL3.+Y4I]L9 VQ1/ESC_NOFB
MI]]*)WNZ,Z\S:^RB@@9%'B:^20R?6KZ+4>!P5!;%U$;\UE&]TSXR6 :9^QDT
M.4A%0E]*T!6$X1+!+Z7^^C2_2R!_7:7OY*T?>_.LDY5KV_TOVTO$]SL*3)
MAL8W,76



PG)COA@_\QAWYR_2%_0/U







AA]XK14?!U('8F0_6[.J
M[
 !?W) DFHB397@4%0C2Y)#3'&] P8WS-Q;#8D;-IJ$5G]!\';KU8Z* 0
M)'N.T]7



M53E$W.E';14S*/S:QW!


-
FS-XTRL(\#A^:8NG(A+1N723E#5F3X=@1MZA+'LCUH
MD$VM&;FV-7M-\OM

5Z


[_(^O:??C06#&.8I?



M':DZKA2#L2G%%N:D#RVV8Z









M
LROHUXF_\BXR72U6!=EGL9+N'K



 RBN[
M
HJ%=7X


MQ?=5NHB+N_@E_D=6[$SX8


 B- #NN@QR[


MZ#*NT)5
0^









Y8&

M
6\P*DML79GNFMP&(%E=@FO!JD]R76GOF^@&H'_
_S:6]_M*227L^
M3S7Q]77K9/)3PIM  OPC3<I5_ QWWAG[:[9<,,O%=;FX*!=_P+\VMEV$[= S
MC-#WG#!$T#2QW]KV[$#TU4%%C6G/@9$6&=5\G@RMXU$H5QB:T792@A0D8

M&]=Y]BU._]U\/ H='_O4@#@R' MC%$3MYC-L&9'HOEJY#]6L_@T884629.2D



4RDMX?RZ%57U03E4+_8^:]?0=

0?<10@Z%@8T]%R//H)[;

V$(0/#^DRC4O9QWA4\GQ

=D[)KMRU^]E;9(^/1YPEA2?DC258XSO
W
MEB#A
WOC1Z/X5GO^5#<$3M!X_R-'+!\&X+/2BNG?=^

Q[^)-6WCXQF+*T
M]O)+2#O[


MG892*?#CT]OB:I@15:+J.1^\SEG)6.X\_M
N03D1]//H]0PL1-  D.OL8DM
M%(8R:M3/DF9%:G!Y1:8G SUY%%
BH:C4$Z.ZJ?36@YW'UP;YY'RHSP=D24U

D61(3''T$R0F
.#=:].0=#4?THQM=T]+CM@S
M%0VFHQZ0[#E.5[,(0],,$ JI0UUJNX'EF*T5Q\)1)T40_.P!-:%&U%451+F2
MU 4--'57AE,,Z=6&VKJ(.DB2-C%]D$5_2$ZL2PRVWO.HIS]:/3W]/XIR%

MK?#^



#52-AW(\#9=BN,3OPE1!:$G$\;07,K7K7_?T-AFB-WO
MAAVNF%1!K/@EDP,3WTU*%:X#;)TV3L3P0J61P]!2AU)M/2TOHOU%YL=F:
M+B*A[48(!\CP+8BL@#2IQH(V\OLNUHI;&F7!MO]K025W1=K];H9L'V8JR-

:BGP16



BQ#3GEUA4=

8_Y\@5WYZ0%6TIJ'.NIT4FUQ0RVF_Y85Z6_7;3?*P7BW@

(E9JJNZ-

:LO^Q#6P@;#O0







QXD0B6 +PO0CJ?UHBDT/



M@2TCLMTL:);1BZO+KU_NZ


MVTH_1_9N

TRV^3
M_#6=)S@K2IPGB[1$R4.6\PUK




 'X$*BP%*

M/Y(\815(\IIFZV+9OH'+WP=[Z'-_4A_6]^_



MP*FVSKZ9I(\KO
[S9#5_N\OC5;&L*RX_A

@DV'^-1Q@L@C)+)MM)F\IQ;QF^4N





MG R3L(\V'(H1(BZ)/(^TMAS+M21EHX.%
;2CAB:O'ET(%)80S=PIT)%3M*E6
MDL^

39\W.V2/F;W2V;\GS
M?9+/F*!%(70VR(V0:%MNDS*&K
/<0Y7Y1FR2K)']\^&#2(;5N1

MF?X[R3]8\@ETJ

%8I\B(7]4MR;L]$UN+\'F;H6U/^IRXLT
MOF<0RK?K^(VWEH*LD\OD9WGW(UF^)M^R5?E4S(S0#T:A(9ON&84!!@'KDVI

M'#RHT8
4X_VI.K5G)U\*I;:3EFIK39-/6U
M852!K


MM.8#VX.S
BOCI5JM/6E42EXW^
3EE?\)6%8W.+XTL/0([6EZU6JK4F8UR^DT



MX7$!BN0E9@XD2WZPIOH+_CK.JCDUN5HDJX)]@_VKR);IHGKSN+E_&!1/23*P

J5

=W
M[%M@E91L.


M6E
?=8?_

@FU=&[CFUIU8_^
MEBZ2G0+N)GE-5NLD8IS3GZR+KN(E7C/0SZQ20)M+
G;NC][BC4S7(U$$J4VL





(]RY1NHG:MFL7?] Y6#
M$TJKJJ



MMKP+

Q7V;%.M\=V=CLL[$-(P.&
M%!

#U
MY%)
V(:C44[0.Y0 0,[R)B:C:5C1XDZHE]J)Z&;BGR)=/1!.5TZGS%-)%1
M^;:UN;.2@ BT'

(##O V#0]UXDJ:41A8%!'Z/D6)88TJ]3YY1]
E:YNSJFD
M



RW;=F#@L.9%&D]LQX:6U*APBO@UJR;.GE^R5;6C+'MH=PYRW&#K


M*
IT/K



M;JELT/%*QLGK2E=VIS$A(1SC7U:Y]#
SW@2$9/3DM)$AHS]?^!53*%DE#VFY



M8LHW%=+E9+%%_4M-UO6@^HBL#A' :6CN()Y^O
QD
'9EU;H9=Q]*%69HT-!$

M?UK*J





G)42IV%T/*FQ;_?QK3#-TU*MWM[(
MC5
E61)ZUF^1)
_\3L_W5S.T&\#WW1D34L_R N00BT(C)%N7Q8@1H03VA3
MGR;3FFNU&THH_0;1!0675Y?XZO+NYNKBXOSR*SB_O*








M
@GF2GDZ);
#IIB.=V
H
MA
P6H40G!H2^!8OH] '=R
MR!-BUJNI^8(Z+8
MD\EI:%M?)S*EK4M6:5:/=TG^?
U:UA

M?F


OS_F[;\<$6^1DX

M_5OR?)_DLXC8V




4


@64$#K$\K]U@A7TDM6RCT.RP.R[?0(VSXQ8F
M=62++HJ/PK/L.G@GBH?9H7F0
)E=F_U9G\84@@['3NWN5

MV4QS XLZ

?L(FSN
MVO:.)&$QZT;M%-6KHR='Y:H/.P*#[

2V[9B!9X64
MAA0VEGP41D*OZ?7Y?

M9ZQ1R0^ANY

R7

M1
5.T]K1X#Q9






^_+J#


;OS




H :]1S;]#TO-G2C:S!_V8Y
MPC2B&=D)J .R@\BQG5H:P^%I]S Q?8SYJ&/

M-AP&I@
?\<7'

MM-7PA;0UCZO 

[M:-\@U2*A3H&-JKY
MO



#*.
M)9*Q[)UUJ5




M7]7*Q4\/#M4.2.F+HHGB]ZSFST$MF_Z?957[ \
D]XO35K
723%]-;H9J.;S



7


MKBAK\A07=YO\GEB)
1KG9)

#%NI1U@+4]1JRE+R!K




MVG6N/




YBK

M#P







ML/T Q#'T0CV
N]E#$B?073QEY5U!&\*+;)GEB1VI,]]]YCP@UET4%%(WX!G
MB]B%DDX7ML_%-J-O*O%6C7ZS0W6N [LA=;#U0:6N'O6&L33QO 
5)X(Y&48


 [D&+[+;%DT?NDS;[

#8-0T.A$0+'










A&7;.IR *0UB
3


@==0





*N&7HGIRKD%?7Y^
NN:2<1]*V0( AC

MT.2RT@Y D0;.I7X
+'*L^8VQA1J:**5GE*M^X]FC54IR00I8K;+5;?K7CVR9

UE'8O0=BWH!DEH!#[P062Y#K02WX-F9%J&P;0*.+XUZ=/39?&4
ME20NJ?'][!?:-F.

MN%9#W03VIY U*JEO'/D_^U6^S---G.V**J^K05NN9_A)X#JF82:Z!XPD F;7

MN\?CS9C34A3*XH+D9;[$

M$TO44DV6S1^R#5Y))Z_^5]=
5B%M^SF\9W&9E76*/K;)[M'[N\.]\]HN:VY?







MJNHAI






HL70 I-.]6#HLSGX5V9[





II%;_Z:CD

M1Y_W^.*5U?KF_U]6G[+-YOJ

1)
M\=U00(I]5HN






M

U&KDUWFCXSWV^PT/];U6VWF^^YNML
TQ[AA=;: (.<-CZG8.U$2Z2<S6B

MW;9M/W0CQIL)1;0H6?DZD.1I'



 D
'#D#37M]TR2VL00QCZ%'E0


:(X 7:$_L](8DM'




M2#E=*R88RM2AYI'6N_HPI#0
6/YSGZ.F%[[GP\0S'3-

MM0PKLCW)@GBHCK4LRFU34XDZR!)'ZMD8=18^18A@2_#5NBT\U@&=@63JV'86
MLOFB74&DGX^ :3DY'A
+9W3V*%E\CPIYXV]T)(U+(-]O\7[RRQ4:H_DZ)QN'

MJX58=NPN;H.0&GSQSP$4-ZX(OWGHHC;L8WO!3Z_H9!0
^JFU';W07NU]NGBY





.(]L2A
G@E^[CFHL_&H1'1VQS@
5P3K1)C



]D
3-+UP,BC%]9)?XCOFF<HQC1\\G=(^C*9'I),78:YXUX?T
M^:)\7AB.ZP0)




+6(]MABF?JEV89@)X@(EG@0.<^(0( 2I[JZOD@2!K8[0


GY!P/C42F:1Y^?=TL\]^+XNJZE \+QQ;MRW#
MT773-IW$ W886UWC(''@XBDK[PI:+1+4*

M^-Z?'KQ&?$2ZK
G]0&O4^T)=V/:YX^.S!,/HV!KJ/%DBNY4(74$LSVS43OL
M_I'7#]&^JHO'K.S;[.3T

M-#+((UJEI^JT2^24+IZ8G$ZVT**#I_U$^+0.X&$1_7FF0(.&MA
R)Y1U-41.




M930KM

W
M


M]H
D-B+8H0CD&E;BNBVI_-5N[+0$#DM7J@?-LRA1%/YW?FY)S-D?0.8 #U



S0$+4\WS1SL@(R(P X_MQ9 5A

M14^$
MH

M5F8[]-$


MF-F1
9/V1/XVHK0)O^6...EI1L+L94:FZ&
QY;/%-BGJ8'S-M]DEFJOAG*F
M!UP0NX9IQC[4'2,PVW8:-B09=K#_NV2W2W;!;\C2**;FLCEA\W3]=[M#XQ&



M0Q-E)CC/0XWCD

M #^LLI0499;?;YOLMGLCMC0]9Q?D_S+?'_( !A8+I) +HNJ%OA('= @^
1L +8$6)@[X]C&W3 '& FC(=8$/?
MM@
ST3W:@Z5CVI WC^IAX3&/@6D$F?9'AVWJXYTG:#KQ8 AA5XV'14Q77I]L
M%





M?KOJD

M4* 5FXC@1^;1#CW !5N:/FA-)[2N%Q






M2 O?48_3ZJ%1U2XT1!.V$/A^ DPWQI790\-/NO:@[3$NF_&W(WUAC$ C2V)L




@-4U#:S89POPA#0I/=:[+=-5AC2Q73@N

M-8J







MD).






MV]:



M+-TT;8Q;W3@^
XPM\
M@@;3[(M\HOI1B'[
!SVE7L4%!]V]2].P  0&'=NP%-C2@87=-^ZCMT4M]
MK W*3FXWB(8G&P2L\C&S.F*-3R:AHE;X


MWR_G5L0WQ#()(K]95-7#$3TZ*X=CV:)(8;QMM&OM7T@W\+Z*PQF):A'81FR[


M75K?



[!Z(+H;


M*L)*2NNJD [2Z:LX+JDOT4J?VUMP =ZH4F;7;=GE:UQT&6Q7L*NXO#!T+W0=

%VJ(




(23O)0




M?AK/0SCEK%ZJ+161^


MPNF_%;GK-]W@MU[=I3SF*F6A5N++Q4YEH-%96

MQP/

E?




M25 0B^(/@Y PW,%TO#S@ 2\$NM$#@#84

M5A(;T$@

M%3XY?X)8=CT5826E=55(!^GT51R7/


M@[$T+/L;^RJ


M









MN_[*


M(%F4I7+4QOP$HD7?5Y$:Q



-S$_0)K]0J;


M5M*UXFZ3WY
9$VOL+8)BREA[8G898^N^S&R'3SL G%UW*;@[%3P+9%X-S13:




::VM


7
OV$VA'EI


M HTUN\


%_S%

:


LE
M$;4?V3++26[D.GW&?QW:](



M#*/3CE4IK)]DGSCNL$9Z_'DVB_=&G&?#./L8^O2;QCDHF6[C.*^]F#UTXP
X



M.7L@C@#[W0B30V211.[K$L(4_;C
\&22Y2($18S(Z-A4M!R_
QOTIEDU/3:W



MS5 W;

#T[UA?;[![?V3.Y.Z*#1Z5Q0:-QPYY02QV!
9LCHK31Y$Y(

BCPC]2'=C



M9HB27=  RGQS'A:+33_SD60L1=P1S0!0W2$-^C#17(AC3'PZU\1%@L1Y$;=-

(?-Y72(7&Q/X
M1'XKS79B#/B)'@ /^^LX]FU?QY57&I@!]-SNQ!C<3K\W@PX@^WFQKB\\I\6R
M[8KBG)CJ@C;YR2%:(WXZR6+LONR30VQV4*RTO 
+IIA6)8=17KB!2$N-*U'
MG:(&GF?HBM168H$L.6?%5PA:





:3*CGCN0A@RC3B3@V4?1)_?
MGW)P




5G5.+M

MBEY%47?W)#(RS#8NFM!(1P(E%8?(O)&3DHP4ZC[0[+'5H-+@3[Y*@WVWFY*#
M




DQ&6/)L=GIX
M/J6DN(3FJ
M?XS*4?4]I*@DIMA &)6I4G- \$4^X!$OVY

MID[

K4[T

M
I

MC7@C#(7

*A0P_-I^2=P_IN(3*Q6?+J$BNWSC[

'W\
JQR94/7]: -#
NU+



2=$L/5NS[1J)EUA\X$HV=LY%6W^$9NUR'C9-.


'JO1@VK





GT4^W8_]I#AS =^

M'-.%?A3&.H!.'#6X;3
R0-@?U%(C#J0#S7-&BST4'%-.=SY[SA\K3A1PC_
6^%/,


MW0N#T/1]-PQ-*W8

J:FL C\*Q%:RS/DAHJN//X#4



M46!X
72-J(]S(\-1;$
;5Q^FV=\FK@:Y4N2I%#


M&NY[F*(']



MOR+J'S4


Z#*A94
MLO&^T=9HV/+X:H&D?ON61UL' ;6;-S/6Z:R8C$=1J=:#2506/]_D837?-\8]

OZAG]







M1?=&E;SX.AE?#QZ?2$]'?C$=K;;[1;V%LLDWM$5QP/NX&(V'Z\]

5N.9'G4



[[@Y^B[C'E1

M TBIVT=SHUXRY5-^MRB'-X-9'J;Q=3FX/6#(M3IH;KRUYO66)YL8@1^
RW\




M31L;X_-
*#7&]EJ3UL947[9[6K8VPMIRW=VPL?%]+*:';ENO-6EM3&HR*?Z
M20U\4=IB\75^M9BL-_4#))[0:VN4+7?0 S+Y'-A):^





6GK:#')WXWC751U7!-FS61\=;_
U+!2P78/






&Y? %J)\V



[.'!H5QF5E$.H

0ZG+MF+_01CI=.6H#I.B4YP]K1C=S[M%PU??QK



M9#8?LAOO^;E%EB\_G!F!!
2(

M^;MY?GO@5K5IEBEG$-$RDDL@

MDR+JW2AP=WPU'KRH[KK5AHI!A&O_SW6
X6&62X
OSAA&0@
+I*962QW8S
R:
**V,E)=8KHD 'CBQX;8S*:<*Y*]IT+V$





Q^\ZKB3Q;
MGB);WYT1;+D5


M0CV7UF#AA4; T8J_ DN3

@GJWP2_Z1WA;8BNY_O#3E:\#_W5GDFG







E3) 7N0XC#;P[CEOW268R5_$L5E-RV;&.^UMV1=

W#2A4
K//:+7J)P%U:3*O2['J7PU:;706['M+
MYH(N )BU@$,EK6/2+_DH];




M5O]7.L\\0DIZ311'6B/N%



MUC!H9'&
M.(L8V ?[:
%]U-=G?*//2

MK0QSE-*M09&KZFC$8KZ:];L[VS 9%=KP[76_W-X@ ] :S27TPC&V/+2-

M[+W %9L8Y4DENMX 4@X5;M$T0]M4M$U
I9B7@3/S^ST6XK9'
\F)CT63'++2

M^\QQX0!7%#K

M(2JU%9Q21S5 E=V:P4:7$F-8];DE31#%?/Q\^^'Q&!+FBF '#G$#0 @D(
M]X'['GFI8GF13MUB?MB=M==__$B @



 O=TU
4U1:%9T/8!J


C
2N

-.RV)^R\NOQ18%@ORHD1_@74)799%L
\'\VB($Q



MP\=%W

HXXIX@[;AE .O(9

@:<,'
MK(745S/ _*KJ@SG&-$E!;1060-P$ Z0Q'N^KEG' 0;LA!%=#V[HVT2F[Q_]
MM2\TZ]N
@3#TNHA
Y]$3@^
V7QK\E@
-UU
MS_S*PYF '  J

MZ+GRJN\_#/Y9E
L3_#T[UP&]9)PRSZ266 %%N-1





7Q


M\U&6H!]\*\JH3+[/![

M^ F/
M




]?3L


M#:U(NS/)()XDH?VN+8
8QY([ 4&U9)E+)3)-VN=9#V

M4H15S7
D(=9$0*8VEKD!VIZ9JV&:@.LE/S^
HUWAY7








*^W^7#H$)^&7RW^3)S7'0(O(VU?0[<'X]^3P8TQ!!R


Z<_RP:XBWG5G%97$UGK_?8_]N'LH =XI0SB
A;(1H9*O
M750$E1:G5!T2M1$B5PB9YM?QP/7+VP3*T4SM16S/
D#I\??G&-MCI1)HZ85%
M!?6
*D80U

OHPGLX&IBCOBE69@IW5


MSYVO* 72GEFOU-N5L?R_(2'C8P93Q:UU'Y4@ZFLY4TX6%&R*O=9
 !XCV6




M4]@XRP$PG*]23%(O):F5O[D[5]J7
:L<<%QI1@*W
M*LX9@U+










MC28C%G


MX9A3'BF%,36!EU=42)M0 ,+4JJU#;?#CW@6^&3T^WQRMS?( CG4Z\(]8)#

]1*J2#94CZN
M?::?'I2OT%*K8.$1/69! ? :21BA@*

M]MWT6QAY48YK5$5\\6SF+3;80(P1PS9P36.M TT
42B(X6=6A*QUR1?-\OLH



M 0%!+&*LLIX-URDZ=^UI(:/$%KB\VG0MAY\C9.!5UMEC++ .BN0(TI0;0S



_XVGJCI*L/6?OF_^GA&N
  
6AY

$7;:*CZZ%O!05






.P\



M&20T


2

 P:9@D3F-F*#FGYF;GT'BW%HF7&-@:0P!3RI0A/LD/1\;QE%K=9$_0O
MR\/@K3
8
%Y1P*$X


*IC
\N&OU\6W




6HP$=











M+]

ME(
.$K-
Y\'5/&VVMI=^##%%Z6AF##TAC#4N@Z=\;^.AE?KW+6?PB+Z^WB









M5H/.IP]F1E(N&/

MY3Y8^QZM5OL
(2HA=TQAR:0AGEL'UK139

M^Y0/\S#RKY/\8S[?[V6\JUE&!


M[+.[8C:8_%X6B[M@U$\6T1TP6FU+*VZ1CR[N\K7+R_Y5Y^A.
^$-\X1HB9=9
M0 F-V?O67 *BGKGP=C)

/5K&[L\.2\=
D4SOSMRZ*T9_C
MR60'5JI'
N*4\IQC)@0S&$O8X;\]130I-/:9TY=C6
D2.9V9U!/A]
K\=?
M)RO0SL+*Y[ZO]?4:4*G3/ 
6(1864R =5092861U-L\D2
KNW
.
? WAI@7.
M=GG(

WP
INSX+V'@)EAD??(!2&+8*.2(@GICKLX  G^6@=








MSTNR U [6F58& RX%L91;S6TS*!J[U=!24W)NMAO$ZX=1#7'ZJX@]2D?Y?GM
M
NHWH#\F 2\FX2775;;(%6.JR/*]^1:/Z2XS#
#!

YFF0]B50XW**?1E4T-AXO;
LJL<-P[;33A


V]-$Y!9@3#&XH((2FW








;5JE!D



PHIA@#[8V&;L-/ZD6GUT1G


1:2\[W530!)T3'7NSO[*:[&\^@)O_.(


 8 ZHX5\0[JRVO9KGW4B9I
MW_W#XFD!LJV84*I$NL*;+\I\?+U.5CR\_U(.IK- ?)#X[X/Q-#+NCVDP/B9[


M@^M!X%'
OI '-2:.VGV/O^X








.

M

M'#8I@





M
V.[8;&[3:994'

=E(95ZSQB*4$+O8P2+]=JZ)15I_4LB@7060/
M.5

D/

?\HW;!E\.HWA]4QJ4Y


M1]QN=@B5=(_;2TWQE'AL3@X=!DP.\WPT\X&/T2DZ3*(/@WFTONXOKCX
RG_E

G%423


( 0U$Q0\1.'
*

5Y<UP_A<KY


M1#$# C 2! 6):NK9ACO6RA17NL1




K9)C






M9:MBZ=\]=/WSQD3AAE'/350&.Z]8AOW4X13W+2.?QBY%0N$6W@L34A= 5%




QJ-EG=F*7;/ K^7F
'LW7=6+

R^/P]8'1


MT$\A5


'I(

M8.VV&5**84$U4%1K3!'W$%=46.62SLY[B+0NY%VT*X/.5L5JTUAI+::XO2NF

&
_]FE9EM.VF3NF;VW@;9&EG-R]/A[IWN]SZ


MH-





&



M4[]QK+\LRJ54Y_-R_'6QK,SUI=@^978J<4V\($/0(8&%EYH&$1@CF 45]S2P
MG2I^9X?54XCHM$;KN^G'?+XZFGE?S&;+8YM7O($?MHN#;=RCWI(1C%GT!B':
M,=DM W)FH_8(W2R$]X'%0_=<2?3EP=ADD_4+)W.I=[5*)=R&_T11DCE)&
MA4$&

MBY@$UEJ%


:M(UY4/$ 8ID0F]_#P


 2^TEIA(;6




MS/1C(?RHAXSZH%8081BVV C@


BK) LYL6Y0!\GD




4*2$Y0Y8)+FG1 IN


XJS8P5
M6E3T


M.C&



M-EZ?Y%YQ;C17]M&!Y(\]8812;F,'RR5P^53ET7@;3X?ETN+3N?3_&H\OYP$
MM;$QR/AC9D00&&EF/52&A0T50!UQ5^



X-_GT48V?N



M3=ZOE5X[ALG=^;.O!_FL/.%
?1_7JL^WK5W&J/20








QL3M?AEDPJ'\OBM$L++KU+BSS\5D


SHE8'F032@*#'6
D0\IHR0*L%-:RT*F5?



!M7?
:*)!5_/=P9]LV=F?9'--U.@4#)

M5+3SP@P8[ZQ'BBAA+6 &




*35OP -.FN]8@

1HI@S-4K+!-!]32J.HLD00]E
M*= Z^)*ABS)O38.K2?;VYZ@W4+



MZMKCOC+$


M]49;3*

W*_T$!K:






M')5Q!^0H!UJ84A3C88ZA







_?__RYV)V1.\_/!.@]
!KPQ55

MA#I(%=CO:23#




M6
MCYY8'GPT8!;MU]CS5

M6E3*T8/L4Z\$H)4WGD

N'FQ')5*#J6V$G
MZ\FNPV=.-0^]$I 5*12P@X0SQARE+J]4#SK, *-U,'8)*M1TLOS61=?%XL


26NM;5:Z!C0ZMV-S0+8[/SS&
M_5 52KQ\
%A+D


YRREF\P)JYNG]6H]





C@%

MH$_%;)O=\''Z5?T]/56]Z+(& U0ID WK.&UC9AE!7M(2'1LWF6/E8TUN5%FT



MIN!^$UQ0D49'W@B2 (PYD3KBI5V43J3(I:U\'*&L@)\W0J!FH#U/G3\_;^@
MT8X


4Y!
M5_:24Y1SU#2@2T:M+2%-@-J5(5I&R9QQR+U\+  

M8V

VN3


/Z'0^F=]-
M4]F9\C#AC-EPY(UH52D

M13VDL-3?B^6WZ5TJ?/YP0(A5LK=7AW]TUA1I\C-!(8MUA)0!BE#@F$E]A.P
MDR,[U\GFTV(PJNAL+?QK\O7\4KA_* AO--= \I31%IH/ .E%'%&'YE%U \!
M?EY'+T6_IX/$^


N
MSS+IY6.!28PPD4Y )+R@ $CM2TD@X3E



MGXJ[V62UFCY






6;5]!]T&J#9)IF;0[9Y1'Q9)9Y/9











M9%IB[&C7I

.B)A'N\YBUCU+LBFFB
#O;/EN*$J[P IZSAF7#JDC(^B\3*XT$=S=63U&1K0



;N/N^[;

MCH'

4:0Q-MQHR)R2@$,,*L7#M10Q?/=8W#_-BB,9]&ZCVG3\\K]/A1-7;*P
ME*4&P?A?)ZRG+)G%.Q0DHS)G+;S*/%)-D^?GL.1V]-)9+/OI[I?3Y[OY_M3B

REOB

G&R0
M%YI[QX%53EJGJ*I4/;T;*:O






MD=PJ:FS=:!#+KI:

D\AY!62$0&DN
9VM(YDH\P;:WSIRC.S==B6])Q%9^8/6TN
MAR6&]6NH['^Y]




MF@F8

;%$3G=U=*[Y\72PG


MP/LE =@LCVWUNSL_



9B_N#/SD=GT=A/8B1NWT]BBS\0 \C;A9
MXQ%2A&@F%3


2WU; P?P[.^.7RLI4 %QDP8





M.E:EJ.\DNMU/.L0@ 0W$3-BX#'!
X]S/


NK@P
E/B01P864K?5IAR(GE^T_AWM=-^!B;U
MND(NX



?$DSA0


44G7
M.0C40U1_EV.@_& UH()!,82RPEPR+';K8(9)S_-/0?&;'0(7ZFCH(R!5







UGUR*?UV69PW



MQM^GQ6SF%\N_)LM3V=XN:S HA@E4!&AN65&&H7)#AWB8%9S $Z:;IF:@LJ
MZ'%ZS3
DEDI;#RBNMP2$L+1R)*K]DZVRZ'OCV;O



SL]&F[NO@T5(O0Q4]6FY?B[OI9'9;++_LMNME


WDV_3DZFX,]N.TACM(A+<%







EW^

&E9#CZ;
M(4'J+?:'6@A


.M-0*F?V%8ZZPS





\RU!L25AQ'Q



M

D)S+E

M@:R!Y\QJ ! BL
R_)*%S.9[X*[$]&V=/Q9.AIG32%4]WR;?5_/Y .N370JZV

;G;_1C00




4LE Q)+Q$E1KD /-N)R&S0H^^%%@]-5<M


$(L]T!*O)-5:(]'

M;S1]\_ QG=R\F+I-5/2T=ACBV0:#=T0Q)#D%3&-O.!2R#(41C

MC*$M:&
H7$T[_E7:\M=-^G*LE6 IUU1Z22/H#G&H+2M/;02@O(_*IK=]%Z/J







A





R2J.4 __KE;BIHHC0*Z@ Q[8.$E::02'DI?2&9]UJWZ [&I)\]6*
3,(EJ[%0ZZ=PCZE
M<<RM%D-9J:W$]

M#CI7KB*6
Y^3D'^ %EVK!&P1]Q[
NOUO_SDMEO'[C]_?%]^*677K[D0#P0NB






BD(YR$UKVE1(T
A.[
M.0HT&I_]2!J\2U5J=#5Y&)DH88CX31-C)6.T1+GXA'FN3X-FL7F/VQ\L.X

M%F
]F.3ZE:E3H5AHP]KHCZ?/7;^=+#\7:S7;



RLE+

;4
)0YEN?Y(F#;W;

V?C]

7+]XRMF?'6DQ
MI#
/@8(_Y&


3)




M@7U_O#NU(ZM%P%




M


UCW



MO(2K#7\S$.0UAX HX[6A7


MB&-FNKB?WKU8+K)(5Z7)H)VSB!*/C(YVJ!9
;^US@S&GCA.



MH=6V*Q\6ZRKN\M
O!B@48$Y@**SB&DEF'=G +.._FO1YU?Q@QY\966G85VTC

I


%(


M+#\4?T69DC




0C0C^RDO&M4:X%K'O@WH'$59=-

M_%NQ[7XYJNI0KU)3 7)@O*8V;GPXH5&=J19AN?4A0HPK9K$U\K4!=@_T.[9'
MJL.[TVT$HHB. 

M3K]YN)W\_6DQF_G%\J_)\E2ACAJM!)1B:[3S(&Z\ '380
GVXS_OPO( M[?M

:'G4
MBEJXY .!
Z8UD\A2[8B4$4NX7\  %#D)
&H3^.OF

&NLE]$^BI,+
MLON%3UD[LCPN71X.VUTQ=J?^^LCKA56-/.T3-AN;ZI5H'&3GPG6<(<$]E%5

MH ;IO0M$
YH3

D=I'_M8_ZT5!GD
6Y7XMHX$ 4


M._S3





M&/*QU


M: $WRZ
6 .Z'6A\GRYOEQM:[W^01C-W?C)'*Y#K60(BF (=:@K@)U49RJ;AB





1W5\7=4XHJ2S^
;]G)]^2@


M6)U$@QVVGK,F-$4ERX)KBS-AH$8V5V%U /AW:'QQ?
HN1-D,JP H$1))H
M &%0HK]T%1Y-]+@Z(]+NH*]
VKN'/6K'^VLE_L%/F.OQ6XLQ@Z9N( +VQ


4F2Z
MR6O1X?W_AHG;JS:Z6D




M

+]1=DZ915NHTYT
M[-_3T&2UW* @DC/I?8<\X(X9&I)6;(\)'5R6N*0$=3@W6AA/9G3^9+C<S



ZO?9

MR:T
\F/E8A-
.
:RQM#NDV6K_7@\6_*TRNO!*D0Q%@!8*1T6U$L@2\DUUWRD
M/&NQ5XE@EW#TOK_K?_G!;+^/W'[^^+;\6L^NIZHH&0KIIZ[ TV7B/-$4E1
M^SOIJ6 YWN$!GCX

4DK.P6A9E*/P14OH


-Y/M-/=.*-#KR1M#6(4440@8)Z4%&I:SN+4Y@08#M#MU J!FH'V
MHF0 -W?%9.X3?Q_7S[*=+
AX\I6@ /

MHW1H&-N+^.#FQ?+S]XI

:UWXCJ'9E1NC)
IU

MH9;ML#N[ZSGQ5AQX)775EI0;B726.%RX#D&LH)NKX1!=15^*#UP(^#V1*(?
MINQZ3'KU:G
 P
D


MZ^1GWPW$6B4CW
 !CXQF0++]^!=2CBS[6T]\6;2KE8O\&I^*R?UT]OVWR?+?


)%*O.C
=1QS\9WF0QBQS ;

MW0[Q/ *3!I@=?R7&J1M15E[(19=%LZ/0P


MQ_D'ZL(]#:_P!@3\ HCO?6,*Z.IQL1%\PI0Z0@QR)J*AWPM2SMAV+]TZJ]





MG5



E36=.G:_1BXO[J/ULUSOQL_7


MP@!F%11*0^9UB2E3)
=G-_S$CJ

M^QJ XA0D#?$8B!)=;$%.1









0:L4

^


MH3)?@V+12.DANN37@!RL_J]A1 [A_
X11)4F1@

MR?@&62


MAU'=3 B\GYKBGW/6H6:31/P:4T


7H

:O 35T @S3Z*L?)-%A





M/]FU\THW?S[%KOW/N\67K78/!5ZM;A. JQ^[4OR]+N;WQ?W_Z'!LVNGJ;K9(




_*
M;03N= Z)1ZPCDNME4CYGS5QONHNDJ5-GKX7D\5)F$+FDN$(8@IT!B89P#
M3DG Z08=P!CNM-



P@%T6*
M8 G @-00E;)Q[7+RJ ^05ZUH_=2:=2'.O7'(+KY
IO

M08&CE.4XE%2BG'LJ ^11IH[/




M44(3W&Z&

4


'H_:C0D-!.-R/3DLK







M47M[#:#@'LL**FPD(; 3


Q_N4+QO:QSX.@GK@X
%0DIJ3*U
]QUG%'/G<!TJ2'H(D''
K*.9($@^EJQP-!R2X

O4U$SB[W'2!LI&& NKM5J




N4ZL(H4$=T@J@954/AH)PASV9PFS[JB;EY]XW53J!.%V
M[XY7Y4U1W*[3A$VYW*27*$D8Z_+SFV5$-<YZ4SX^J#M^FMJXFTL-
AXK0DT
M&@HG4OFR_=P



M

(56(@-=-3_



.


M.)(10]0


_]@R5BQKK9)L@E&((T(2=4=I*K!38S]$(J:ZLBF!G$G_^


3^#1#
M<+PD/E*E&%1DB00$H32\PSB%%BQG94_P\%;TMW .$X2'P^E$5&]1=W&%+%.




MR[I&?V@&UB!8]
RLI)9RJDG$CKA3[

-?$W$:HCHT+]3-




DC60F! $*%+(AJKYJKB_R[SF/_CGEP\EU*



M%FXKA&ZQ


M2BV&]

B%5AY;
M1Y4FC)D#



I=)&IJ1LNW$B



M(KG*.5R8?*J1S/V]
U2'


KAHFWEI& %($PKB

M^
=_GZWFY?WZYUD$





$-JC.)E_W@
MVTI1Q06Q#PXO/^^*+O]O
;O]S_ULE0 ]I[7JM P86FY3C6K @07I)US==J8M

M
Z.BQSGG4(WSF+UN+=49R
-2YFP8_*G/ ^!.I[0

MB?WHA:'L2GRF;@18]@?L8%?

MN.$*Z9SWS&M
#AI7.&MSRK?7SXUX-K5O;ZGJ!XEQZ$T4$Z#DP_C/OOEJV5-P
MR@ADB


M#T7!X\G0MBD;/WZ9+3\67]/EWNK'PUS/\+!Y9P%K1*W'RE$E/8NOUKYH@*




02EU95LL$)7$@C:*4N/
M[CA3EMI@?GUS)&S\A_5F?M/MJJAZ#0AH*J4 Q'A./#;&LX-
H?4YD8=9[.[Q
M8/)5T#)_;44\827@H\_SN\N%YAJTVD@7CGKJ=$$2R$%@03RP^8F:,YF.H)




MLX-58TS.SCAU$W-








MZ/?9XGXGQL6B_&.VO#D6*-@=:0T((9]!C*GVMCHJ(C!ZW#EOMNH7.Y
[

M0_46A3(
FYJ#/ )]FETKG6\8G-3($2P=\4 9 P5BNIJMD_;*GJ:
=
2?#_RX
M-'N_*K\5J\V/]XO9




MCVGN25P?C_H21


/U%J=:96#HF7AS'O+Q]]_E#D4YTM@-LRK@C700

(R* D69!1!$POG

M
O$\!%D\^
M/K.6.N@]U<,2DKN4]HUJP2@$!E:X)1MIK#CLO\8*&5ZPVJ;%XB=P+S]&NCT

O/\^


=60I7QF/^Q/.

8Y[EQ] _9HXI*KI6D'



\][$Q#&0T8Z@2P/GJ;3#R8+\CFU1'_^]JH!Q$






M/M$B:VP #)[+RQD#N+^'Y^3BB3=;37E(+?M@FD?MW

MD$8F85SFJU3Q*2K3]?TB12!M7]S?KY)H=CGXM?O][Y.\XV_ 
!$Q'%H:#5

$
M)$;.5
@Q3G.V^@E=XES7.NA&EB.O EOTN@H:=1\XXE@9[3U*\:\0005(A1QT


O-4AW\@
M4((


9DOUW0+C32$+II=5B&D ); 0
6!54X#
/R%R=B<EJP


I5#1-







M2]853=;%S4]WY??_V1K4JQ^)*;SZ(1&%/R+*_M=!?SCBH=_&;!WQC.FB?&<
M:@T
M-7T-34D*T?BQB0+[0R$[ZAO!$]6Z1J5K]^*8K-VR2R))CCJN12D\)

BT)=:I=4


MT'N/

'
;NCP*V'\/#;^0YMM1H&( B %B)/%.

SD/NXX8)M7)
IO-0SJOY

5Z












 'C:@=8+]H

P7L8?VDAVU#[A]/7V/T3(T6
MPCS%B^8XMM(='XK9[7SQX^?9ZM_%)C'ZT76?VOC9?/7[;'%_[.*I?N- H+66
M:!SW.FZL




QV]5T

*HQ;&IT1(E%@59]TY7L$?4YL?I

$K




MA+*!]
.

X3 #DWT&JMG80X

4N&6-6]^LO\^5=
M!FN.=Q$$<,CE
V:$VU%G 4ZS$E2FO
07?Y%F=
^#A R5+*TBH@TQ0CBBK?#

MA/]^5?X\F__WG
B??!*T)-QP!Y3Q@!CM/'

M?+?1QW]XOK_'7X6WQ=ULX9:;J.E.& E'O@HBVCO1(S: 

M*'&65FRW1O












MEY0_(Q7_HR(1#C-IXW\4BL348R12;/F4'MLD*K7HUEV $GZB7@;PM[_YO!
MVV*V'G'5[_Y\C47]]

 HR LEZDC(Q

6H$]

YXQ7@/][/?NRJ(]X7OT24/_Y1++X7/Y?+S9=S


MVKBO8TAQDE$218 J(I=!4F
B\/[_0]G4&(UP+F*5+/E_?'DO:T[2H@) U1

MV'C]:V-@#M13HV$'S N6&ZD5X9PY!8WF##!0(2 PRWG5VKPFU-G5'V3K2&Z
MD^#7;\O;^?HF9;4J;MV?-_'378ZKMF0[U5_0VGK/+36,*2T!50J(AL@?8ZB
MG5-J2&9UQ'40]'PQQJW^$?6H2X@0
!HP%KF+8$
QDMB\
VCFS.S4OCHE/?
MB]6G\G60J1LXASIZ_V6V2J/]_FH#:8#FT$2?BG&^+;W$F92
&\0
\@9P/O8Y

+235O

M&[D^UW=M0;U
C2





M6F(U227XD

N




H8[@T+5.-(.6IZSHRZT-!
MZ;T5V$ 862XPP.8P8B;DM05_]T203M!M=\-T/*AN^]

^F')/+%N://#GH/R %H$/768:X)$5$XL%IE3F4=536.

XHN ;(0
M,,IHQ ([ Z3=IQHSQHNLXA.3O!II1XAVZJ4ER!,SAO:5%_,YM^\H TU
E$/


G

 SWFO


K$+D?1.QWSF!0H9$@P3KPS#
MF+

UM_\8ORCS?+B-77;7^O

E9=^))DOS

ZA0
N

0
0TW[R(KVG44HH/KXZ[FM



B0]MFFVE<N
M%R4\]GG@VFBE?*0AGQXS75 G!N#/8BYPXC(E2I;5LC^SJF7.192+%0:/
M-PC1G*1&8BJ,Y%@Q2W4U.\^!%]=6^S1+P!?8T@K1P?@R7T:'=F<!7X@^.+C
MX*G3A.D4M13]#J4$ #[-*BXL'7^\
OV3*]KG3

K+!'(<B%]7.L<^#84IBXBTA5AFL

L:87F8%$AQ?=R\7V^O'LZYHNZYVR[X(%CUE(?


)5:MDA

OHTB[)A'(






!O=92NM%5I9*:L9B3SW88+Y:;O2\AW!


M41J+'_/EW?9%OUG



W$211.'X8K;-
M'K ;G[J-W\3?SA8/;[O7ZOMLOCCQ&+#+[H/641
XCAU$UL6MVSE2G9&E]$ Y


$SDN+




G4Z=8#L T=&RE_F9_/5EMS7DL#
FFAO:.$-]E1 X#V/6[H&EG&
MD:QGU0UACK1)8$: P4!B )S$7#I!B575W*)%?F77O;DKI' K!F@0VWHAS6I

+K0
















CW/+4%]!3QI*MK+18::
MX3G8/5=FD2&F#1;2.DVAQ!03:SK-EXELF+?7\F1;5O5DPWF.!1I5V2(6
XI
0**H\/NW831=0USUN4H;D;8I
M0
XU9\26?B;\O9

MEC
T^




6

&*YUI-?8Y.F?R^7T[




MXN:GN_+[_]SL_^*.#M5/S^E0_3ZHQ6(_QG
%U\Y]'@2

M
TZ Y?D,%!3RO6G\F&.!%@7O#);#::.*89 1P :KY-0#EO5
LZ.3STGK
MC(YP'8


CNWJ7N<)2Y5BIKE+*69K<)7[


J
:B0H$2F5)V^




@8R-D
^?%R
OYZW2H#]3L


3RB

3K(RJ0<02-





MR20'5CFE;?R+6DMP1T$)-]^SZ7H6':OGZ]KR6X19Q]_\\U2LPMG& 4'
+30:





M@GIL*:


U_=_U




MHE1I-B67\D*#IOM&.5W_6I1NF\R*;9XN[?'*J6MN1CX,DS*SJ5NL
=22





NJSM!3K/UNW%[[I++$
M(_)(&NKJI:8;8=:EKC_D\[+@S$EM/_LF1 E)=)00-YH256(@]V-7@*24_1FC



M247;)E5[FG_Y
* MF/LBT^&;U$]_S:

M6F=:STIH1+Q]O.[RT^WSN+B3GM799@%#)H1SUDG @%-



MC'70*FXHX#OD.



M2C.KZ8]R;

QXBR#3D(ML'2TDM(!/IB9[89S

O[2I$:R 4
M-1P2CY5##EB



'ORGY?9K?KV?O\]M1I8HW6

2M1.4F72'N*Y.F1=


:F.L\)?&JU#] 8#K0&5AL#

M
&JAJ61#SEQ9$LMAV=:&!OIBUX'5[?GP7ZUU3[X\8P

MT?%UML(*V*2[N
O/1)Y4[;Y&MO:IJ3?A\/TJ!E:+;UPI;I74
/Z+ \0AL01[



M7K7J=,^: NU1AI3HI65G%#T4YV#GW20S7VBZ'=:V18-KXZ)3HHV\4DK==M



ME$P+IRQ2AE2G78)HF)3O^-?%RZN


1Y:).&8)JW$C[)+BCW]=BA0=Z6'PUSWU5\JZ702C=330B%*FRK!O




BT#$*BX*Y;;QO-ELT%O VE
K-.(1&0:EPHC9A?65+YK5]7


H8T

=_O




H:0W\1I_4[;JUUO\TSQC924X8654-E%((2V%A8(0*($&DM::
MG#5

MM1X)CZ2.2R




MF573Z'1_F_S]..[S)#O=



<MTXE6P1LEHF0 $&HAPTP1NY\ER
J4U$TC?.W5$YM:0KM1Y$RU

\@]\'!S594 :]I@KI+! K)(-0)9R7#7YTI]<*@-G/OB

6-!ZB\1:LQ2BIG-\(W17T0



M8%:D))$9X7%ZW]3J3A-#A



M


M9OYTP\Q0%)IX!P$#&DO4 [:2W0/BGEV?AXU

7)EHM0U0%EJ
MO(?&D@I!R4W* O=6#%





W5



:TOZ2;8*%'5'AFB-=1\U88

M1S9]*5O]Q\[G.@E:.LJUHLA0PHSC1DB]0X)'CS4ES=Y;MPRU27+TBKYE]'M[




MM'17=IS2H6.0 FOG5#AJ$%Y\$1S@0B
FD.76.J E*.])MN.FQJ;DNAR1R6^H
UGWP0 K8#:8HV9!%(#XU'%<HWEM:1C;JRQHAW<
M.M7YY._S.G_Z32 :6

MLL ZS0-G2AJ(-3/&DTA[IFUU9JL%35H51GA*/FQ\2U/4&^T;7OSXA;&+EW6P

NRTJ^*B!\1'8+$VSVZ;6:M-T^ 
 W$Z1HMN



ML_\^3Y3S2%3X)HG:HUIZ(_ 3#Z)
H'SXK?$ABIYL&!1SV!A$88344BB8H+*2




XW513-?1D.CX6
M\V?EK 8S&D_**

+[;%VP0DG


MJ=*V 1]HRJO9K/AK


^D $CI-GCJ6)D& 42X
 -



M6:RZOC'KE#('[]Z4$=?M/R\*'[DRZC=$4Y@=]GDV56'?-M@3I!QQJM@^;8

M






20



MQ%@EM24H);U24M*%-VO16L=\ *9=2JZGQQO08Q;W&DXHX!UPGA3R6904AFV
MRY,D',SR^G;YU!CF1D[WTQ/RW?WU-M+R[^RL%UZO;9 8*6($HD*2\CHFE-M
^LGB/FKGW5PO)O_-9]=Y!R$EY=8;
MJ8U0IMQ ,;4-7M:6&0QJW2!?^QM%8;AU5@F'L#,$Q+EA:861QKC7F,ZAWRC6
MYDM+;Q0OP_Z?_$:1,:\<()3'51D802DBID*JS-\72SMG$]MOE&\3#5OZ8TB


H+GUD):_80K
660. EC1.+


I@!&.N/T


M 8P;SXBGC#L!XTSE^_.Z
ICUNDZKAMUL)4$_4&3OP)7*N@G=I5Q9@SQD@!
:

Y^Z_ZSSAZ?;Q]Z]IZ
CJN%!G6T;I!.6
M$
\L)!((![R78HN_H5S; ;VHHV.W^?)F5BS7BUKFX9)N I56(@^0A)1:)!D7
M7%9H


5  +7\E-;5(4[0BIUBH3ZK*L


_OSAJ(
MYQ\&CS06UDAO@(

MT2H@P)&C$%L!+;




M^F J[

P$RR2FID2+^O
M0*YR06Z*=6_O/.81]VRY

M@*5_C^LC)=;T





MQ6:*^2J?K_/YW:?H]6[06
8O9NLR9JQ

&^^#L*90TS%4H4



3Y3R+JX-EJ ]1@#RP5)D7PE)




MIZ5+N_9_:^Y?6W1K!^JQQ/4

6Q:TS]AS-4]F=+KHW
M+5^R:9;=EV,\?+,_G#TY-[(R;GOUTTP6BY_Q3[<ERVL8EY1N@T1QUV@!)@*


:&)14X!::6AF%4R:L%J

#-&NDH^C=$(CAK1
M4!1




M4(UWOU@\BJ1_/D=R^\D)GC;N




$UA46CJJKNPEHBQJO

M;\*H
RV#P=192:V40BG-A-0(5C@Z(E.B$T9X'-
%H]I%N




M+E5GT3*6 R]P[VL]H#C=-&A.%)0 . 04!EQ#QZI#
&J12'DW

MV=[E_YK

AH906B/CJO414:6T:]!P[4NKWM


M7RQ
WJ_RB
YP;93![
M^OM?LYMHEZ=J^F



\A]U[J
M:@4BU<MRA=S\%;Y,7TZVJR6'6Z-'?*D8O.-YIIH=%.XO1 U'2:;W.?S..&
MYW_7RU4)T++<.G^?+.[*W4\9?!S_UOW]D,V7AXC7_H\$33Q+B)/-A4'A2=6
M[GAV+H4=K94^!&^99(.KK%QV-(GDC6VIT_Z JQ
NA#.6^L4&7U$ AV&$2_
M/NFUPPAWUN.QILUU




M5#)IFY0+9XPTZE+K1?MX=\JAK9!/1WBR:M?1[^.*Z: BUCH1MU\815@XKV02


5O4QI06E%(GQ=6H6/T1Q^5_=Q!W\S
M.?F@^O6'@1/$
5/&$P\\D\PXJ2LI$/8IN1U&=O'?'@E:@;*W+#.5^:OJ1^UP
M6)YY7'R70$ (
TAI8QXZT00





(N:M-A-[]K4=[J _,KK-W(?;
M!0
MM



ET*7D:!B14]V-_MO#


MTHON@(


L4C=(8*5:9W@-']V+]M
(3T6E;M1[;X





ZC%&

MKLL+NY8P[G5-?'?_



M%Y\:'O/1AC!AZ81J!?!'.O67*?8Q095:9)



MRJ#V)WXJDCW



UH*DA(!6S]8YHT1I!^L^WZ@5/-DY7V-%\--
MNPS.




08



HFL%T);:91!

+5846*
M;MC19KJ%R]32WROB_6?9(4]8?T.-XCK!^68.2.%@A@AZ'96WH--1S*WHWE



9THH9&O/UR2<Z



OO@I2.(N.TX91I+U@<DJA&QV!24N QZKN99HKV$&RD
M7S?-H_7ZE,\JPW9*R4<^#M)ZB&59F]YI9@F7SE4K-Z(\:?T8XUUMJJ;;@;&1
MNC_DFSUY'64?_#18YX2$#%%

MRSV_=%OSOD;
5N


VQXID


M:*
(@#BCRSHUGK$]. 31*[FT3E?I:VXD@]GX)O%F/5NM%Y'\Q?U]











X/ P]J].FK*?WS

MH&U$AX_%W-T_S(J?66;S1783=;


BJE[NX

0^4$EE *$H&LI) 8
M#);CLX]
^(.RHNA64_U%NBY7B_QFE4TW0_Y]GJ^67[[^?I29M=H%8HS43%$B
M&=;4$$0EV\E*N'



M5Y2]I)'&BG9PZU3GD[_/Z_SI-P$S&WD-:'G@)B F!*J]] #)*W%+6]%Y FZC



BD\'M%*92


\1=(J'I'UG$%;H0RAN;8X\C'QMBW_HFTEO\EUI1+8YC_R
M:3:??HE;\;Y6E4._':@5&F.+216Q U#ZOC5N&
3;G6OJ;M:5\3:T2Z?M/S

M^RSC]FF.CTO:;G&5?



M_H;Z'SQ+1J;@MS*IAMU?.89,49S(['Q%FDJ] *19GNM139=G_AYK^F38\J
ZZE?=5=55U8$2S!C%BFJ!
M&!0.*U =\VHE1<I=]

R??+

MIDC#:T\@@M*X#R


M!


%ZBRCTW4MJ4,F4TME&J+,C@L6UJ/#U.)N6((0
XYZ+XDDG(GJ0-T8
M)5/J[Z8?WQ^[:G8#@FM1PJ
0\4!*6).((DJ\Y(]AD(BQ#B5J/(N#$+U;JH;
M_RV.(XJ*=B.81NT3+'8\F(SNR\K!L^W#3CQY: MT):Q^+_ G&/CH:RJH(Q@


#Q[:? 0*QV%3:T2
PG]$
2@_&$H%K4QS7 OVS^2;;/]JX0!V:1O16(?LJ
M)4&*LFV9L#HZ]5(J9B2J4.*D
1.YW&5DV.ZTDK9MF5^+#GZ78/*I6






.%) 2'L


M1 ZLA-]1$;*G#0* $0D$X Q5$E!^=L2@PRL0'F8R\F]D
I1XJ'Z]?+
;J(
M6DGF(11$.VB%M=S3?5M(!VF*7OCU.IOIZ*(:1X?C7L/0
PC:*@G
;&$M
MD$@X1 ACE7R0(BE1G(N+&GIK83CI@&F;\KY^?3RL1X-D)+9(7D0:$1 H*:A'

2

X[9I##3:=8!ZIB4Q#F!!



M\_&5174AG49([$[CXGA?B\7VX=7N;M*?LO6[+[M?_)JO[^ZR^S(U_]/LSY=1



RIHK0E+;]XW(4KDT)

MU]GB)J[NW:OF8YC]W9=CLCYD]V4=2]G]8K4E_/

M2$LT8X@#JUP$F.^5@2YH\5L?I?=;.ZS/?^@^76B*_



R

MQH+N%\

ABAQ[JQ 1

M%S8])C2^6OV9KVIO OOO!^JT+Q

(8




M?UZLLOFF9&R^*%VCK2509L3\
EOF^_NXLBB6]8?H)OTC.]$QIME 098IVDI+
MZX3PR*K2OZ_F!R0=;+'II:-$HLB+'CF?B*PHM_O'O?G-XG_RV[MCFOYWL\Q7
M-]$++J
_]3#68
A *3!(22VPD1I[X\N)[N;


OIS3QU=RH)7Q:
;2V(-4F3QLM
M36_S?V[RN$A^V[N\W^(7Q+F%Y\P#P5J.X_;NO%840X&YU[RB5X*DW/Q1UFNV
MMJRTQ]2&^]

M8I3W/K6X\W3$XV;+QG;[FRU^.S:TSBX;IQ\(R K/J!
6288]!LJ2 [U.^93

%IL=A
MM+I(.C-$0,*5G;0Y=!!([[VUN@J[.6K 1,IOVH+!.52UQ^5!</8^6\Y+(=YF
M.ILM\\7M2\<=1%7:[! G.)06&L



MU3[[7*!$2H_* @
4K2\%M &[



T'HYBQWM]Y40LIL=?B+]:O%MV^+K&;+^
5O
;K.;3\5M



N$)(I/L&(]H%69)[

M-K/[O)3C0Q8)C)]*(WW[\;C+_Y;







K


M@P7JO8@F%#26*(N4Q%Y5^99*




M8A!VP -YF)VD/



@Q

TZQ

MQ+645W;S4U8V#\U^F=UO3OAIM1\/.[H#$& 4*:6R
)@_NY:
%4BGT]UH*;

-H:%2\T!(
=D/I@+MG
M$@J'DDRSLL.CQ*8WJ]6FIS:B3N#L;(7WWV^SV^WLJTQH9?AVOY[@N626@%

M     !$=U50X!T(^[D0 0DJ@$ $    &)G




$TNC8^
3DU/3
+&5Y
FHW_T53

M_4QQP

0[L*\YD
)(
M1$T34





MZ 6K#A:(#%NZ7-=[- ]_+J6:!-ES+LV^.@=Q'__3M6BE$*]C !!=6Q0/N5
MZ 9CF)JKUFMYXUVJ^WD


_0=



,H]V,6AP$]J,'D/^N;13L
DQ8$*

A

)
MH4D0@+;V;AUI-W^CE\R3US^VJ!KN[](_&16;L'P=FW+BI4]L2F]IH\J]S.'J
M0@@+-%A+H*X$U5O:/\H8(K@8$$J3'*!)&D7$[D%%:DEW.HVF%\3#'+BH%'*
M^-MIH;[#IX%H2D,]JG0$X&6!]L*I]CE1'MHB&=C-Z_O?5ZN;1J;HWCQ5;SL?
MYS1PQ#!7:GY%)UO0C&Q87PC^2@2O/!ZD10#JI0'P4/3^VNZ:P;@0KII.(
M(^0.S_AX%
7OL[)-F%#FWJT(*WH2]@6-*PKJ[5I0T*M-G?VP6





M-63N;V&\I1O1KK% =5)





@
H-L!


MUA#73[&//H4]/QI^^L7;-T\1*C\#J
^HQH;#4*?86
P)#Q'/1_MB^HV[\S3@



MP4EH7@ SJH/+:LH'=(]*EWTDE]5$E2?C07T=0T, 3'N!]2NG*-))9GG/;(

\ZR)[Z8^C:!?
M @;9=]Q=THD?R2?RC@
!E
C1KI\-%I\)[!);$K53CRO/F3#P=%=LJH5_3

/O*B:H1%G

M2C+7L^565&? 3[2))Z%_)9A60._KYU1H)E9%%7A4?SB50*/UNYZOZ:^JLC#K

MK?K%T(WG148E


MA:65Q
&DRJP:GV4#;9; LTR@%1LDVW:
X.H;/CE#T6I3/
2SXZI]D4B 
Z.W


M]^61J?=U+6


M;NH 3G34
53JI XQ_T(\(YDTI? T;?I^J#T+1'H&Y
Z)19E]G96L/R61BO84
MWTE3M=PE1U.\



MN*^M K^K7(BEYJ'.MT]2/\7H6S&ZFI^_1%FBIZF5.'VJ9$*^2J+AEKK)M;
MX'T_&/KP-E


M+0DCP*-)SU D7OC 5+V_2?C)?/


[EJT-4WM




M%^7^BF6FH^H.T*&9@Z@Z41V.V6*W9*2_ V8DX.XC1/]QY05DL/F&W+!1DC
MM%7\:KGG


MUC[%_-?9-QMVNQZ%'#RN7

MD+':ET9%1
U
ZRLEW^8==SSRE.
0=HIXB8*.K%6A*S/*U8A/TP1*\6%LDQLS




Y1\8!



4
M9RQ
6)

M\(VK\

MJ^TTSS.-U-95TS[\MRKUSP3]6^^_U1X^9_:?JC[.N4YC[M5B@8X7
Y+9'R*@








M@YNN3S8)05XDI9@W5\J'EPUI]JK6P'2[NQ3D\&&Z7LJ-;IT= IGF#8(3]\SN
MV$6L\0XT4N*&6_I!H6(H)6Z6C7 ;[1]1U^W6=HERC5+PT?J:;XRPOU%92GM
MWY0%T?LHRN7WY//(KH5*U_:=N


F-L2'=W[H$JTE5; S.^E+C#LUJ7(M.NL;
M(O;F?K+1
0_.AXM?$V[MR:#9


MB'1F0IA&W$'S#

M_E&QMH299/UTI=.$/:







R^ZLDC


:P;8')HJDC0463EV^NCN#6AU8G7QQ
9
 ;6\BFBK

&


M?JG()]Z?4!94D
FRON;9&CKP)8A ))O6&-8]


C7X[MHJ8D
7=F




-ZY:G]=[#?
O-





MZBY9UE0%G8ZR&I-=]M-D@;95*2P3V:HEFZ7 ;']@=+N1(A3Q$18H9A4K@.!;


G/?
M8#OE&5






ZQ




M@ROHX.DKW[6L+$APPCJI(XI^T35K9E@F!C8W8WE(.D K[')


MMSJ+G25NCXBT

MFL*;MH'H)G\A=*('/+^+
!KPG#M^\
K1RHAA/\/GB@*WZV\D*9;
LR
KTS1^


MD55M1;M



]:%H@OD :%/R@32RB2'-.9JNJZ2.

MEJ2KIHNE._?6'D&@FI
/8-[2KY*7GJJB#D '7
?
?A#-2SI)%@D+DPC'J&&H




M0#W2]0FKNY!CGK2_D
/)7-X1HT\EB@%1
#







M;+?_+[7OUQIUFY
-$E:FV J[J8XD@'\#$/Q/1:\=KIV2-[2M?5

.O4D8
M6@JH

 &$:22
IA/T-4B&\8&M-A
2

M
519
CX:6PJ#/J
 &+ON]/*2R




)$G[RO7\3RI7B9+]*.9G=?W)/@W:X5G2OST'2PZYL)

W/QAD/6;U#!^!$
\Q@YM(EW5UE:8\%Y



G0

M9]

MG/A9J6(X78#W

M

M.SV;N

^V-1W8A#SSZV.XXX:GGB_V4UV9I)4G*0J /@
M1;.EP1929?JU+U+1Q0R,,S4QS^?](RV_6B2V=.@9&5^*/A[9_UV[:*/V657




GI4CMW4^X'H
M'-/QJ@[ W-UV%DAWQ7DS)Y

M.7R$ML(R4Y[!,]H5EIHT F$._*&ES(S4&(V5W:'U
#'E13IW';?[X-+\\7
MJ*.M'PP3.G0MJV3&08
1KAIMR]P[DQO4X7\@S_/=-$YR#VKG@)O?09[6@COJ

7$04:_!P/GSKF2JAI?&YM^R6QG/2\'6VV2_DIH



M63^O'$*E.D@VJ7K(M9/3?[K5PV=N*379-


MCJ?#

2HRU5VN::SOA

EAI?W%;I6Z
M
Q4W5?9/WRQP-CI]\(Z+3*Q$Y-ZK$[PF4EN/+CK/$^'L 
5/7)/B;VDTP;%
MCHPEX(-)F$[+Q



ME!0[IL0)(&$FX@B'_E$9?ZD&E;#DVK119;
.)M^*SVB*R(WB\O+RD#F#OOU?





MI.*9S;V=^?


)U.*K3D
M/K.KUZ.


M4Y'I!C%

19FBNKGH&0CN##2/+)1\@CPA&((Z:N5
]K]114K4:Z
MGLNHVWMW)SRS1UDV0!3NX4:J$Q@=D:&]5TIS[RS&_I7QR/V5)$H5A$ZXDCS






.R\
S;SKJWW\=D=U$C4:Z*?P? Z2_U%]GMQ/2L&CU0ILNE9,*ZOZ?I*


MH*8LV11TJ


M)H4+A5ZNL

M6J



88KF-.!7^8$G

M&CWI@N03O4=_9\Y0U+0LA9


UJQ@T:#*N#'? H]"97]8,W3J(!
MI[0#+- /PU$NIH@_6Y+L#ZX_*/^@_(/R#\H_*/^@_(/R#\I_;Y1S24 %&6T
MP$D

YJ4V_1G.[_


M2]JF']EQJ\02O/[_B]T!1;O*M@_-;M2\&WF*F:8$^Z'(KEU=H1OR-G!&M
-A
MMA8GHMEV]L^I$&* ?S]Q%Z3PQ-^]#.7O3K;
$OU=&]65!2JV(*$8JC;]/P1!

MC;2$:6ME @TMP]SDU+S1C=KVMP
A7GGOL)PBX.V,H4%JEDI
MN[\TJ-OKGQ/:8%?ZN\Y#3FH[4A8-34D87D3@.NVU]C9-2I1(Z(TUB=/J+CK



MM;HF::3F0YK,ER^=?,B%$S7WVHT
6WIF.L@Z$%G*YIJ(?6*#G5M=H02P0
M+C!.I72)-NQ45Z5#*X'R(R&4J85#X)$L(H\,-!BU\WNN2 -*W.V1] )MSO#
MDSVSM0)G#)7P9+1'A(5C.0]_R[%/B6;WHAKS%
XNM[8419]X0S8O*XS7F?N/


/CP?[=;



R+S+.MR5H+9A3;

M?TLDG9?$*^3&/%!)\WT2F._2M]ZO*=$\#M?L@Y@F[]70$QT2-7_U8^K$J?[.


V$:+U9O('2J\%RWB]=GZXX=S=R#8+/Q=
53LQTT$\/J:F3;P3DS:-SWY=&F\^V
M+C_</#L1-E409._GM]HU1?1T<FQ0.QT<VO;H?+%GG^HOV_*EUTWPN=PUBW^A
M&0*]$'3U7_4[/:$5.%W(:TR^?N8!2HR0&N;DD-4]EG/)1]XAOHP!//_-D_\
M^6+PL^-I6T+8/=N\$((%OV6


=PUXPSQNC


%.BL/LP)]D^W&7XR=N*R(/26;)X

M6K]*M[6G0AY!
<RYOVKVPH2^B]<93QTKN<TZ=ZXJ5?U

4&_[/_)&
MGF_&

MZ
WJ%F71IL \]F8O?7ESK#TK;Q#X.9((_C-9FNTJMW=4\;QZI8!1U2#K1X


+1WPI[RBI\A92O0\E32'#OT-*9F<4 
QU

BCB

M



M]$Q]6N-\+/6^I*-/F*_7&]/3
U?/Z_041=I#*FL_?%\F8W[

MB!P26

MKFWP

_;$


!Q!A2A/195-/=)W6NMO)

(:\=H


U'@[WZ(8%=Y 9\R



ZD7JLB$[2/





M:''[_AM?J9=UL$]SW+8


R!Q
MF6I

MJ5!.F'_H
! WGZ1E4:#B:K\F+UY]8]DFR=QJ6-F$P8



6@3JA/)=@3 V


MI4R0Y4

:;PJ)6I64MO71(3] K9G(1H


C




*@QF.TST1W-+Z'VP$G9INJ'7446@M[232R=DU?S1F.CQA8&@?5+^


MR


WAH];@H@=-VN&L560*^_5T2F1%[B*%?G81-I

Q_ILL(#MS?W5FNOK2J_N9SR6S1%P
M#BZ4G:0\Y)'#'5AB@G2ZOWY_ODN1%/K8/=+K[^C;W79\F2'F4+AP#FPX1E



2L7R8%UV--%C &R6#@

KO[XJOV;?NH][I6'#QS5\[(
Y$6J'.DM#6!

M+_998SZWU_G69A6']2W&I= ./4[]]TZ/6-SG[[9K^G)A7'(XG%8#TAUURD


MV(LE[



=&^,N%I^)6ECL8]P$!SABVIQ*E:S/)Z
S



&\#ZM;+R1

*^(-



U_':Z1DRV:)Y$N\5EN4

F85].
MUZ:9K*!W




M;I.:JQ
00[V J).OX: *PM2P9


-&=^]X\I4G
M+HXQ?TV#7





\$.3!!]AJ$L2G
CG]-P91KGZORH9H[+D1A=QQ
(3^D=/\2M3Z]1L

MY9]1XD8+AK=&*


Y-P^#A&)E




M('@S0?O_[E3BO\:@\WS0LR&!-*X*)^SYWF=SND7R?7*X[?JXJ4Q?3!AN^C-C





YF^NW$5*UX_2QZ\[*$0KG.3




M%J?JWN_9_-^[3C&ZB6CT0P3)Y;B5W1BS5.DZCDR:T1=T!E(E;
]S=XK9'&C+
&I$F1'G-Y*4AT1X&+P#?:#++FE!TO]OJ

M:#VQI!#&*;'7B%_:)!2#79H%'

M':G1



&L ^;8+G]K1*Y$R?
M-BS[P/DB\AU;ID]%H5RB@!G\(7 /^



R !=:LN*K'DCS







M!1



[$


\6EH5NR#
!GU!H(-J^)9U#..U
M8^'VB%F6C990_(X+P3[5F:T6

T*LV.1_/.=-


MC$W65H_]K$IE
7D?I+E@#HM(BVFV)!'7
04%;42?E35GJ&Y+HV?'@OG9W0O
M\I&0@1XZ$C_/OO:=V]E&1:Z[(DD3X9M.XFCW4[,'V@_8SL%M0YN,&_7P)LGO
MJ\O'J/ZCUCP\0MA*L2+85=9X%CUJ/EVMU)^#&.)_I.V!RWPNWNK8;T2OV[2

2M#L]_.?W#;)XI@\]MX
3K$QL;8


@^1
$M66

MX?9#$K?OJ4]3U3S>3)#;A9



M1Y^&!+WE02_(+T%$Y W7M;U8XQ0@&.M('5CLAR\_U\R3'UT7IVDZ':[AD#6
M/NEX6*D]FK5:%1?). .C+4N%XW+
-2?


-3\/FT4T;].A++_
8%ZL#VMI)2C??0IN\-Y01]8AOF 8$

M*S$'Z-]A-5!0B#!/4WZ9+:5_G1&=RH(NF)I:%D98D#6Z[Y)6
;?J_A4J5U





M#0[-.2C'^-40DXIT);K9?4VH-O^(F6CSRQ@L:L#9\C:WKF?CZ;
2[MYK'8O9



]??OT_HE9_
MJ%P^4-)%.Y_!J[^4%PDYH]%4?Y'\.H/M4O2_U05Y9\!K+\G\/_9!QP3;@(
M
V@=FK

049YANLY@+I$[[YFNIF1)
MZU\MB
Y*;



MDGC[V/P7




XLMYV0'ID*L$7[VE5Q@1I7S
MR;I#1M85#-!JD5%_2YS

ME #HLXQX?3-#DT%_G/.0SBY_

MN7%-=--3*


MBI/D/_
I_G(5IW\D@D!FO-]@56 V567)C:B]*GN==)Y&OMM';K$*$^%T?UX$
MN)B([1/CN[9/F7W!HWNT?^9G5/;8I!FC&P(BKA;8F#Y)A$0S1(RC!N8N0TC1
7;RVED(*4;0?0\;VP'5ND5+
M1=JI/ :[T6S

FYQU^C^2_6]K]E3


MFEP)8F3/7'3^8)1UI\U0%PIP^F9N9_AI1
 AC-[4/7UXJA5@3Y7_52Z9
@ZE

7CO

YLEX
 78D@
MM4RC$B=Y2) 0C^K0%\6_S
(*@Y7@NSI]B-F!E]9BQ0^L_'#U[61P
6%%L44I
M86K;( N



M9Q%8=4'.R


M7!H]KJ7^HOHQ7[






R%!U@
M@K#8U)5'LI^.4-_6/.582@X[^&K]1(+/@B/-*MA8'9F2 'F=#)(QC2+DT



RI-NP

MEQ


$V7:S:Q[


OD-)JRV/=H!S
;KC[UP-B;X+=.9=
MK8I]IRK


M[[W(!)FYK_U$

MB


66J)^G[EO/B\V\J0Q+7V]W= _*R
MP66H1O^UI*GIKMH31P]]_

MT]2QS?+!




RVK-P5^74%-82M);74(?8O)CZW





D$E


JN!JH0;]

SU6L=UVMFWF^5* FCBU_FQ&_I8F&



.(H]B07A[DMT5*
MMWQC41VGM8QH)/=#__CO:#ERS&&M/8]N<_MF/D2SV$F2
IC7O$N2J=]G:LI
MZ/D0XEM02^0EX^66U.O#-6H*WKY7KM_KV=T[#S!!'C($*^0T8C3P.X)+02&9


MXN



MS@G:)]%V]
9$9C9=\U4NTM3;4B*!.%+
CU8K*TGE='58T79-O\:XC17?S^O!



SJGH@-CVE#.+)=F3$*'

_[CF^_:

=$
M!'PYW$Z&19O0*;SH)B%4/@AY]SPP23Z






MPO&#^[M+ W



))ZL\[.=

TR-GB(7^T$X%A*=;7$3)PG9*RE!O?CVGW0'P!;@HK'LD,O';FGEV65YZ
MV'W70B[*YL]C


[X^NO-]DK3&XV(?LJ1:O\
\$!-ZEMBE8:75Q=^

WCT6







1.;_!0](F0!V&6JIU$-
MB&DSKZ7Y0[*&FFU+WNU


MGTVNDH0F!X-0[/2ESX5T. N1T:RZUAT^GR%4*+B=2.3S:/)
QU'
/%.F-/(D
M53U=H_;K<QX5YT3^W:P\^
+-]+@


WERT
%UR3@D\
Q5XYJW8.5&C:XH@





MWTE(2Y7&LK5=O^798
WP/HOY)\VZ16IRE.KZVT+'Q@
H)OM7C$O0PZQ-.VFS

$3&F@QM0
M?PS;I:7FI

[RW: \[R@C\




M:VA_J OK

\


M5=X-Y.- 8KJIFA-3P&D%YRY-'A;MWF

Y$ZGQ8&O%E#
MV$8[4H#PKX.&O3\?17'?/6IXMG7;2EYP]O
AFG
#=.3=-UUSHVQM/^^
.^\3
MYG(3NWT[LQ:



MV76EB]UM9WG[
\P17U/9J8+#E

0^UBH+TGEZ'%J1
MKF7IM05R P:E20;D1( E$[C3S
K8.24!-?;;MBO_



M65XJ.CH&$U]R]''C3%;?1V


_9$DOG\

U0X:Q%M

MQKG1W7_U&@_J,@#^'YRT&NFHJW#T7\7W,@G9&[#(


M3@WTHS$PF4!

M



M76\7)VW

27VSSUFPCR8&FD%VS==7]0
MCD^VX$=IEX&INB?VWB.=%V
OLFZ9?72H@6]%[JX/I*RAG1'/






/(^GKC\XOD!=ADW -60*(_O@5B$*'








MJYLCEVW!1


=3Q0\H5H=\_!M3IRUHK'M]97G17VSZ9M5)^[



8OZR %O= PE'R.\ZE-6]_(!;X=\#
M;:1WMN)
273@Z\@[)YY5:H4;U2'8G]N@D3OW;D=S=#BP#C#@Z?'G'@^A$8+





?FDS%?0
\)G'-


1NKEKQ

60L0%LM2-FFD?6?[:=J^GHYV[.$

[_Y7D;#L'@T=3]IU=






MJ.N

MIB
#^T/]!3 [Y)SG8LMP\%JG;&=4%
?@^6^%J#L

M1+L -\4

M=%_*?^HH


M];HX)L@T3









4;5SK8EJ(&-A



:

M% S-?M02E3@


)RH@


(/ K- *8BB$OH@1VZ=6_9=2^ZCJ*8!F8R4G0J9#


MD9_(R

M%AU7*P)^ZNV%


M.!HP*WSM[J.<9!#^U'JX4<
M\=PV64*S%3



GXIHK[BE-5%DC/=B
Y=MB\E

M'C\[P.Q(

M2H=]HQSR



24

MPK])I8_+'Q=0G? ?K_G=:/@?3MB3H^AUL_2TGX2^@A(D 9]
76)G2^EWE[/5


&

ML!5









M4_*-JYP ;?L$R?'4


M/N1+2\\=$__=3R@G8/!OYWZZ_F_4H\/)W3(^71IAIZ:YB@.\6S='R*QK;N

MVCE3FSA8E
75:_K/=33:J[]


0*G$_J
M;&&&%GFVD_V MDF+!T_M+?)8ZRZ*


#^5&@Z; H_^L&5=

=CBA]+#@A


7VH0
MKYM8


ME0\YR+*QN2D!)O.3.H.*?^1N[(&&$Z=*PMXS/'IL

= S/F%

%.?**'5A?!#: 



:87W]13*2LW

J0<N:
M-(^9B=Y^B
RA@% ]^.+8)*5[X.PA344L/5^V#-V47VG




B8M58/=*
MO6ZCL?

VV$_ (C[$APVI%!:U)#D_]=$J*%-23Y


M#INZN+JR&CR1)7

.B.6$5X4.)+5TNE.SQZH:%-74M_&Y]*3YB[+
MKUSGNQFX.?Q2@VY?P5]\Q%]#@A\ (FA'5:8BAMPZ

M[Y[Y LBG

#S)?+H)?NJ!8I7#TS&[4;5Z

MKXQ[F+TDI)ZB&=7LW:6V;!R55=[](&NQ7N6U;
N_:WQ
%O&J;I%_U+NE_]FZ


MR7%=C@()]!*%:
=P$VB!13@Q'%CY3B&@0SXBQ'Q4'




MZM





BONW23J1;?#
M&-YW+E7PG$:AP)$QAH.O7%O':JZSLOF)ZQ BJ!Q
QO0%\0O2GG(=*%QOX9G%





6_Z;B<[F;9\OJO9
M%S^1GF[GWHZL?C6;V5J77TJK9S'^ZF21:?VE[(L:7X'VBQYU(493@2-!=@P

M%WSN0J2U2P-@

R

M-_4_HE
9FP1175
]L8;]2T_'K@^LK:J6G_9^J0^9*7[77'@(X9N?L1C9=Q(L



M%_* 5-?1$H_YW&?21+=8AG#%6Z_DT7:TSHOVU6J:9$HZKR;W6'G*+)8/G'\1

M4[*5LK0C/G6X8+=
6;5R5YI0&E1Y F2*1U 8IJ






M41



M6_3LCY3CM#9HD4L$ 7^B8497)+A*]D)*9NOSNP\-6%Q:9M'JW&=O\XFJM#U0

9FGPPAYH8+;;G5I+_Z(%_-I;/&C?
[47M[&:

MD


&L)(I



N6[:FVS/



%)W7Y/=Y34;F/WE-3I/.:S*K
M^[QVF+;/:X$1P*
(.E@YXNE@Q4*E@U4'RS]XC262SFMA2G_R&H[.:Q]3:+Q
M=%[C\=CG-7\TG=?4_@&9?U?ZWZS2GU46X!A C_

_[?S=1NU+E.&GJ0SH1^A?FWF;HX7.RI:=





MCPA%75



*
G V-Q+F*WNKU;NF@K.K(BYO[_E









+GGMM\YVR5VF+ *#\B'*/L21
MR8X0F.\D+Y@+

X




B^RW (C8N_\IIV+A5+@
M)W%!#COJ4CTS4%.

P3^QG^\[H-./!R





MOG

X*('UJ&/X6O;=T90=[9QC\O*
M75D^W845CG7&?/
AD#2IIYSJ4+Q KPU!H1C!]7#8

M$AK6_RO_IMM

MO0A1 0%ITA60V&@B1D%:*%&0+B *$C 0Z4U 8 


_9R-#




%M8ZP=-N/II;PVO93'AYXU

_\;\;\S_QOQO
MS/_&_&_
_\;\?Q.S.7


4)





=0
M%%=K*44;NO6CI]-:$F%NTRP\5JZAQN6&IVN_-+W][#5XZP67C;])B\9!5L6_


M;K(OI@W

HP;U Y\G#7=3BSN
M
34G&UD2W#P.Q1HZLV%JSY5TJ#\\'M\79+X8@/G7-J_?3ZX44V(9MA4BKG^!
M'-JCAQEVU]6WY[3U*U]1ZV9YMJ7H0FN=?.XYN


M-4Z

C?&UR'




M%!KY04\
?
M/ 5&

D$2*9QCX
@]D7!T@]9?
M

94HR -HN








I
D%ZKP

2-4=31]N*
Y 7R3=
M\K]]0X/[BL8_I
I!_#*<QC(: 6K.6

CN&.&:\J.


G/R5Q?3FW]D]&AS*
-M9HL4@$YA@!4^!N7.:V.6&43Y]J
M2]


6






M$238T#C\8\VB13Y_S'6$L!8^3$MB\_#T[]HYH7'@VJUZ@;.@=9V2=\_^)YYI
M+)
LU.T9#K9PPYU

I3/X:X^
MB1N2N_J+R^90.2V;HQ6
/\I


M+[PDN5?B83.KD$22'FMY@9!$\@?0XV3X*?K$&^M((CJ-^_9X@
B6U*!3%$S+


M51S@* WJ('BU]H@0F7Y\:\.

IQ$4_)N&G6E+6PV *8]N?2
V]\XP:L













MU.G
-?[=*^@(H#LU%4/@QK;NE@-;$2.8[$%5RE


/5&C9



MB^!]MAK1ST3:^[?\]D2+!=E+X OT)'IG3P-((X([O),1#9X)PCMMACB43O

PG?Z)T5'



M+!L$V*AV2*2#
-0=2%[OM*6(+B3/OJ)=X$]D&9)
93/S6N/053OUB/TF6SMO




\:K\;
=RZF9^E/;E

MFY:!IFB;&/!&
/4=RMS-U):? X_M4*F#:WM2P(H)):]X1P]Q_]4/YI1W_24-



M46./Y3$I91#O;)00CANXWB0)\!3;(-A




MG-^*8K6 P3D61S3/(F+-T#9#)B

-I=[^/C+/




5( 6
J=1$+)





G












M+5LL![S:6*Y?L0-;M?;4&J47)76A1LJ48X?E_-7RN_P-K#6YYJ]J!@DW'+
M? 7ZN0[K

#1K!=MTG+^2[DBYLS1RG7?2]WY&$4_J8Q@/C:B_-


;J$:-*R) WA#


TT4FN()CU@S9RY:3FK/FUB










MQ8HXO/.@?*HNXEYCH[V)5FS.N3
=N'(__AJH

48339]L+4NL]2!N#/QU'QP0S6C7M9\
M1_N8K_2ZI'O72]B7I+.Q;ST

MWLB;@Y+'%5^Q'WTF'0=_:'-
7^T;OARU^M1OYUQKZ;+P CX+B&RKFR]#YZHL








=D]=U<Y&VR,Y$-8?&AW@<%
MINE6U@\@)<N6KY_JSQZ^+AW37O:3KQK_QI;0]R613+4X9R$K!^JFOD#7A!I


)A-XWUVV/
M+*L?7='2()SFW
E)


M
!OR^D@5AU';#$N#L6AMO%_P^K0KDBIGGTX@]O[A_'TMY_BG+JEILX19Q4.N

 K2



Z


T_5?5X$NCD/^@$6 ' WR



!UXIJ5!!'C.J9B\TTSN*D+4
MMU#3Y7?+\OV.O8W=C2N)-=+3$#G9+BW/ #J3%4?[[X*K[U?2UDQH%BTP,>5
MP;'*2.]AO$M6)/R>UP%$)ZU/#+E@=$Z@ZSFS^>6HQS9O=RE7#7^1J

N4&=SJ+BCSPE94TW.^


:DR[#(2J0
&
!DIL\Q3S4!K9Z8 D$ G
M((&^O9

M)'FM(-0I47NF

M#6M?SFK%6'6Y^(IRWDZ&#I48'9


MH57L$I;X&2




M%S1XOT(##RJ/\R@-0A8(D_=EFXE^V.7N]=C[J6_@4P_Y!O73ALZ5$M '[ZLJ
M/VZFN?1?NNBPQ\JV$T@G\





3ZH%UW[JY&'Z@LD

M^B=6
V\$C\.4USFG(*PHAPTFF@AE-S)FRSWP.H3'&K ?;?$CA
X8XFVKJH['
M^GLE&L23%DX^+]0J]+6Z?^M*-8BYH)^Q?VGVP[KV@6K]*V)5^K:+O:MX=73B
M_9J[+$=S/Q7((9BBA+1?7



M?B3$Z@B0]T%MMB+-/_=.]S^@F9%DG\8VRAID4L]O5 EZ4']ML%_;2'0XEAL3

[!X3L$)4C(*I#]-:Z0Q:^OG%



M*TWOVR=6





8U&+_=Z]

M#







M((U:#T#((RM0(+P$U5)/3N\N0:AT! F/K'K]P# M*^GKI!0 3D\:(A8N7NGA

M


M*Y6 /$12Y'



MN_Y!P]KAC?%K*









M+HE

MW=5J=3RM*8;#ZY
MLS5?^5)?Y-.]@P9S*B7)SU98C4__NG-@&NF[6X\%
]-$R%[1.F)=1$P4#LR]
M(5%.SNG&M#MG30N6*F \%3S5F*S

MG=8M'FOU$VZ
R+X[XX*MK4@_B3.GC@Q4O'+:_;DLM3JQHT'8ZQ4^4E !1-I1
M\J




J
M%\K/3^+2_ Y*)TGZ?TM)M\H9BV%/4M%R2'(YY,G8B8AA^;$]H+1IG=?0KS0
M
+I=<#XU8+GF#1@A4&+X
WL2?6 LI[
MZ]H;ZSMMMZ^^?W8LF?J-SAAQ!3IXD8$4GZ63D_Q&RW1!9-VB$WH
9C;MGEM



MR'M\/3MHR+]1Q:LU^)C%8@


FV+
P#Q !I0

M*CU#
.KN+IR4
._KR/V:.$;FN\-MN


M=6\ S*:6P 0


LAI1U+%^E9=NX2J9[IKGG.J:

(N!IZ_;L

ODJ=%
M;9%67N3V^[KD'EQ46





L


NZ?S





MQ5O12H+9KH.[R]R#)&B!8'^[Z$37;@Q:[+:1/5;=.QN#S4E0C ;S'RTLGJ$^



9EX$<I!9<PM]2^\D6E:+E\RL?LL%8<D3DDO'/WVC[G2IF2-
M]4JH]CLZ=L.ZF5(#QFJ.S/^H7)P)?_]+JG.9FE[IOO1_\-/ON3!\+%7QY

K8@ZNJX

MI=AY!I


!2F9P8.IX2CZQTK=)2JJ
M
VJ@;7^]A;_X^

.

9
P:KKS*UQC
M0.X

3+VNRZ9
MM6%,VWRVGX&*37<: 9QAV?\ 4$L#!!0    ( $1W55 AY *Q'0  )*]   :

G0F(


#8


MY
[N_D%R6JNR


^



M;L[*1S3#L/]#ZO\)?C

/Z5R5
M9SIYEK;X






'#AY-[#VZ#

+EEJ9)-T\'8)M5US8M
M_ &
UXTNSRWS&W_0C0F:FG5YOH(9F^S//:6L.GY-9_2(]X^.:K
]H[TW?H1%


W.U_1@

S3M?ZOJ]\E)



M).T


M%1Y_HY7 0YW[;M!B]JD9F%-Y(68N= )/]DL=(K(D&U6,(S43B WH('P!WP)
MIMC6)N7/8/KCH)R
#




MOXI4](*

M+HZ9K5N?IO*KLY6*E_#
MC;P DR6GP?G:)+PEO/V&
8N$88HD(_I'C
M6#5@:.JG=45T0Y2S%3G1I/U1[F)3U

86=GOI'^4OT%?PY=A
M?O_'9NT[LN

MIPT-UKA-QZT\7A;9S^7UC

9TQ%@)





M?L;0*D

Q5*


@X;#^/%\:5^S/B9*'
V=GQTQFZE[:B'




MT=PQ*';6
1#E'.M$T\$4E&@I%DI X@E2Q\+S.&Y/$
X8=I16
) _$/6'P8/J

MD81=GCML9);
; VUS*:=K# 13HKH91C[LH9<BJXA
MAH84'C!FM[]$?:C!AM3Y7@HSN83%T)*L#M2G2=M&QV[9MO]%ED^:')

2&N%1IP
2!@'HC_HM*/L-6G!
1.&6-S7OIFI#=G&M^8USI/F



TIT8BU5T+Q Q?5*
&,I%A0GW
MEZCW]JC**TO&*\8F+\S5Z8NE%C

V

U:A 2FMF)NE=\A&6[PR$;^8L97-K('W7K<:$K-G<G:N8G053
MQ8RDDAVF8[-F*]J


H:&OW^-

A:EKJU4?MO8
1)R!P0%5UBKA]!IK#ZBPJ.P12K
MY0DEMB0E\!==YZPCVL(%*DY!'$.10HA7H%T!JBP!(?61(D%F:N.ETRWF;3T^


MS2V+HA-U?8GI$;A@Q\T[BV(3_778MO=RAVTQB2RZ*1B3V'#5 34RL&'3RG$:

M;06ACDT1&*C!ZLRU2=]*ZCO/:+HJL2B'9 .@ J #8:M@3VO.XX6#21E#
'



.G!.[WC1 V[77O-#E#FV1=
7.

MVVZGM9E;$L6O9YDJ@35T6
PZ


QWW.*#AL



?
M. [&1H#($H[$Q+C0/NOB^%.6K

-=DK?
(BLKAIG/]FC(6^9SR0R15%$-Y)RDQ[FCRG0
M1(KH!ZUXP\Z_+G?4)RM
UY?XNCJFA-



&2+4


M& =Y5NNR+[9M^J/U;E;V3HMH\2:C+2W)YV#O+_& YZ$/1'?)/7625_ 3WO1T





Z2
OEU5 9+ZOWG)\='MHN%[I:F#+
M0.'WB7P?J#TMIY+;W2%#DI;?@28N((7N%($QG9LJMU6\9\E
9P2C!M7W:.^Y



9(Q'J$9D A')?SO

JDC]AN7.4
MOZ-4P)V
T
%7R9V_ W?6J%_H^W-G?:FD^_H


J@9XJ*'M

MPY*/\)D@+G\47O]B[KVO4@_ZRL3H
Q 8F?4Y_AQEFCSSF28L5X$F?@HB[:XL




MKJ=%1/T
FF&(S64B#&)3



MFD



 VM[

M\R4L+TP&E9 ))V5GUM_
G?MLHM6 C=)-BJTM((S6F9\XM@4Z4$
MTO5

MS2EW
%]YT
=LU:#!&[^BA=WSH@?5+3# 2DN6AH344EA) 18 92Y+]EBUH-L]


(3XVM5


Z%%];(




M




MI_\/4$L#!!0    ( $1W55#]7Y%


C5A+/.HANA!UHG*-(QER+YKF?RR):0


(_$ .RBS@/*EAVG;_X D .S]
'
0X 3'=H-]'; !!V=^K-W!


3



M=Q]$H+;DC]T1H+P]#)?4T?+&.2+
SNC]K@'VM5_?Y: @ % !4%#V\GN)*&



+*E3L!5A9V-A8V=DX.-C9P=D0


O6O81ZS\UN8:5




NI*H
V:;4T9
M;
Q5I
C=G):9Y$TF&\-:U++2CX*^WEF11_;+9L5#?RGVI-WBA R
PQ-AJP

9EH5$]!V1RYDZJ_*M)#79[V80 C/'/FAL9A.

-2N07\T


M__@$4&Z&

;?DZ0EM:D_
M5K6FZK&Y^F'B8R/LI\_T!M-G*V?42''RDW+ TC(V7/K M]S# =G??U6S#B

SIVOBP



$1I\W!\V:8D8F9D%N0QC?RT*C!D7D


M JRP@(N4M1;8L9%-*8P:96JRS?**]I*2=:\-NA5V/\SDJ6K^6@!.G9Z7-X09

 &]UCSX:E22L*![QW(?Y)L$I*OB
MLMQ;)N ^NV\FP.3#
Q;T=(LGL9R?'KU!W) )VR1A8%(N6%;@CW-)DC0Z\(
MPHMZ)6




M7?V1ZV4
U[$HZJOWM4


MK'

ME9*TV

M$+02O['Y2_B 5
?781[XQQYW^+T&ZN+WTL[I+\K'7)RYZ]4FXCGJV1ZB6WQM


M=&'*

M;%'


;?57)G#Y<0AF'5U

M

D+L;
M.



MV]2M&QL9U.5Y:L1PF$UY7U#0[/3[EA%_09?QNR!/6^_;GW?$ZH_X/(BY=$

=I*1+W^
M.DP=!LN;


F-D[1V4
M4D
_S 20\]N[$.FR'KS$SHLCFQO(IOOPYR:[RW$HK^XV:_\E+Q*X3HY6G';
M+$%I_!VTI0J]UWG)X%@54 =Y_K7699P@2)EY^4)PR!WT @^\--NZ:OCD'ZT



'VW
M^+))J=7:H09D''Y@Y9SM2Z(&D]L[
;-Y'LK&JM!\*_CCCUU.O=(MPCZ$_Q






!:5'XQAKQ*VRZI+L1]P\#F1?M
MP8MKG\($N&S&Z5Z4Y9\7DQ.6;Y\.?KR&EM/@'/F QJ(\6[W#ZXVGFU2L$A9'
MHNKE\VCFYJ[:5JSU]
3K2VW:ND50'AH3L*\*U\U;!UKFP_L2=T6KLE1&


$?^'.WNZY.L\8&.







MK&A9#M 9O#(3U9.F?:00SY.05WCA1R&U$HZI/YP;V&
08_PQW??78\TS5QRL

\2U
M521#S38#Y4;-'WF+I=H@VX/BZ;)P
&B=';E



^\F:.I_:
NX/?@J8VRF=\B@G8)W;%FU]]0;RGFDAT6N 1
M3 @IB'_215RLI<K!_&[F)]^)M16-?#2*@_M9.P75Q5W#E&0VC[.QZM$2G%0

0QAA=U:\*QO




DXBS1K2;X7G]_%
']+_
?)QPPAZ/;J*8L_5J_
R&Y\]/C*

O20?+UGYY('V TY$J)M;13_;
MOD69S/Y_ U!+ P04     !$=U50Q)F14UL$  !=$@  &@   &-O;G-E;G1O


[]Y


MLLX)URB1!&N2HK6B?(6N4J(^(Q=9UBUG+(JMI*M
(\_Q''0EY&=ZC1L.334C




6_I!SSA&(&
DTX4<H(-9L[W&YOJ KH!R@S1O<6@J&Q#61
M._ J^\$^D%L4!-2#J9!*.J
*'7.^!IY9R=/XL'*AZUA_W=.)ED*6]!;$(
)3
ML&Q

M W;@%#?5?0H)P2MZ5P&'E
)LV-S1HC B;XQ(C1=0+0EAK#X]:CFMDE8%3AKZ



MV8_*OX!&_P!02P

3%X
M
3(S





W;<.!UX'/^[6K./6<]29-!*@
;2\SOM?_4MW-@6E^(J





I*S*K\N

(+!89NCN1LW#O


LR?D)F&Q5!
SXW41_1BGBZ7=:&6SAIV9&;-B


MK


M+K0J VB0Q5!.E7).-ZN0G!0!#LL9L9##6*
4U_4] 7X+@ IBT
;Z$#W=?G;'
M^#
Q'FP=XQN'O!74-P^6&Q./J\181 0R-RISKL8-+@*T:R6ZN8YFI'[@@=

F%LR.
M MSR5


*21E9A6&CBHB9(
MU[2:*F/Q.CVZQ;8
3A'[JT ]BTWOW5$E1L Q]LV*51:'R)L[PZ;C[:R8&[1?
MFI-P
Y?M%[=2@1TQ%N(JH8/V527(.L#K27RC?_\=P\+?TO1VEOUP'9T1;




J7D%;FGN*Q-VWW;UN\T3

M#7_][?WGNWSR!2TSJ^^@_Q\

M &5X+3
Q
G@Q
C
Q


1!:(!;  ]\'S+$CU

K

MZ


T/;SOO3INM

M8\_!C6MP)4=IU\]P??P^7=GDN4QC
.)%[NMCO9#=4%3E!E^27P
MIDOF8UJVB*MR#9S.:G^]8OCE]-IT.)UF\6@]UZQUL'*5E-X?;N/O3N<?(R(
M8S$? S




$AET9

MOR&'ZT




M9O8]9K
M7D^MV@(ZY)#*J5'&Z6;EBI









R6M0Y8'VBGW]OUZ;QT7_\U':NW5 =K0#
MX/^^ S+_ '6^;]07K$8D6\7N@N (A/?0\6O9\MPUCAFST\;.I;._@%TFB70.






RSRX-IA*$\_IV/[7X_AWI423X^@]8
MGL )__EB5O _.GK9][^&.OD34$L#!!0    ( $1W55#-\2H2104  #X8   1
M    97@M

S$Q.2YH=&WM6%EOVS@0?FY_Q=3%%BD068=SVJX!UW8/

M. Z
152D--



[F6==ZN&V_

M#$OG9





MBGEFA$DLC5Q298I@USPFG 

MW(D$YR17M%O_V-J+E


%   N&
M$0   &5X+3
R
G@Q
C
Q


\WCUWO'MXXN#E




8@IB?#[



M5


M[I(1I





A1=I(BOXY1!'3!?
M4IN])?/,)-8&IFDRA1!TTP3S@&7H6KLL'$BPZI013LQN^J\46%D7P1-FANI


M6@6[6
#U3MV
Z_I3D_O\JNJQ$(W*9=UD*Q%?6X7=QB


E-F6:75+X'=_NX S/
M)6;8H7F[FZ/-

M[BA@NM

Q
*




M.QFK8'%Z$O '$IN%8+_M3)0T!Q

MES.F^;828PWWMV\7U2A5)OWL+U6K_L/5LB72E_/L%F
E KA$_I619J/6J-;W
M.ZOF@_4P_=?KM@W9?[@*6_ 

HF[XN
MWT J'5*Q?'@:R_Y:]IZ%@PXC
A\D]_VZGOI*_CB/K%ZQ_W7R'54RZSZM'$
MJ.*-5-79.W

9*!TP?^$H(&L7LN/BE
MS





E8S2%+)&16!YOX]F-4#BTTZ1I+G9Z[RPGC)
&JYU;I6VLP*,OO0WOO80U+F<\7!/<LIDBF5&,T8\30S
M&9T8V6Q8S3+407G]@/LI.M:0TZ8;@CO9KOY]TJ_U:Q[R5/4X1^D/=7\()_F

N[7!]1.4B=3!*1S:U=Z_/

=#92LF;P4-.



/*WN


Q8)9_







MS1


M64XNQ
G-93)]Y\E@Q.NDC_&44.&8HXNISN_.H*1&J*47'AH]Z5TI@1_07E

=-T/\4)3)G37Y/Y)AV_PT
M6E)6 L(G8PT(2/DS!BENT=^$;=N3M@6\I@E8UQ P7_3K:$G EL-M[#Q6+#

MB?_C$ *U^QVMH (K0U:(96#*PC#=.1YC&K=NYA/'$WCP9.(@@$F5[^BZ4
MF*
3;?[_HODZWK'_8@/PGM7YP%S)@7


7J_4*=H2O.T4A'7H*($
MG93@[Q2


)FM#H\M)^RM*/614E'B2BV@


M:_417GF=(*8718D;P2!R1B*K$AU?\6S213Z5 -FL

-4Y?ID

M@B3I*FUC2+N+G#).$$E/WKYI-C^T! ?'S2JJ(YGL^AS:/H@(9.JH\I-G[)9:


DE+W*K8J(?L
&LR8CKD


M5VR%.H(]4*.TW74:M9.5^



MZ)DJV%8[J:

.T:S[0$ZCUDO*9*JD%K?-'(8


M3'_#(YR
UMM2%1E.A(Q2RND=&,D4@SGZ6ADN#0_H5T
M011<#$Q$&[N8*T[&,0\X355I9M3L$QH3-2'G4X<


4OKPD'?4*U\1G4



M !
              ( !02$& &)G+3(P
3DQ
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4

 $/4'0 3
M            9UP!P!B9RTR
#$Y
3(S

M1'=54'WA=7
 8 $ I=D1 !
              ( !N;0) &)G+3(P
3DQ
C
Q

3 N:G!G4$L! A0#%     @ 1'=54
29D5-;
M!   71(  !H              ( !Q6(
 &-O;G-E;G1O9FEN9&5P96YD96YT

 &5X+3
Q
G@Q
C
Q
3DN:'1M4$L!
M A0#%     @ 1'=54

 &5X
M+3
R
7@Q
C
Q
3DN:'1M4$L! A0#%     @ 1'=54)\VUW]#!0  +A@  !$
M             ( !7'T
 &5X+3
R
G@Q
C
Q
3DN:'1M4$L! A0#%     @
M1'=54'F/D(@9$@  TV(! !H              ( !SH(


  !^5#     $!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













205)










































































































Equity distributions
 net

















































































































































































































Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.




























Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) from transition tax on accumulated earnings of controlled foreign corporation deemed repatriated pursuant to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.


















































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.




























Amount of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to disposition of asset. Includes
 but is not limited to
 intra-entity transfer of asset other than inventory.







































































































































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in income tax contingencies. Including
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.




























Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax credits. Including
 but not limited to
 research credit
 foreign tax credit
 investment tax credit
 and other tax credits.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











































062


349







































































































164


713


















































































983


701


















































































914
141


523
840





















136
525





















709



















114
704


908
728



















321
595


314
930



















960
051





















232









































































































640


205
687



















802
500


268
190





























































836


800



















534
290


536
290




















































































367





























































279


229












249


266





































































































































888




































Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount
 Duration























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







28
9
1
1
41
4
(4
(1
Depreciation
12
3
1
18
32
9
1
2
45
4
(4
Depreciation
11
3
1
1
19
31
8
1
4
45
4
(4
Depreciation
12
2
1
2
18
 loss in the Sugar &amp; Bioenergy segment
 in North America
 due to the dispositions of certain subsidiaries and equity investments
 which are recorded in Other income (expense)-net. Additionally
 gain in the Milling Products segment in Brazil
 on the sale of certain assets
 which are recorded in Other income (expense)-net.  Bunge recorded pre-tax
$1
825 million
 of which 
$1
 are in Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 Cost of goods sold and Other income (expense)&#8212;net
 respectively. Of these pre-tax impairment charges
$1
 was allocated to Sugar and Bioenergy
 to Edible Oil Products
 to Agribusiness
 to Milling Products
 loss in the Agribusiness segment
 due to the dispositions of certain equity investments
 which are recorded in Other income (expense)-net. In addition
 Bunge recorded pre-tax
 impairment charges of 
 of which 
 are in Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 Cost of goods sold and Other income (expense)&#8212;net
 respectively.  Of these pre-tax impairment charges
 was allocated to Agribusiness
 gain related to the disposition of a subsidiary in the Agribusiness segment in Brazil
 which is recorded in Other income (expense)-net. In addition
 Bunge recorded pre-tax
 impairment charges of 
 of which 
 are in Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 Cost of goods sold and Other income (expense)&#8212;net
 respectively. Of these pre-tax impairment charges
 was allocated to Agribusiness
 to Sugar and Bioenergy
 to Edible Oil Products
 and 




Year Ended December&#160;31
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
(1
280




Year Ended December&#160;31
28
32
31
9
9
8
1
1
1
2
4
41
45
45
794



Geographic area information for net sales to external customers
 determined based on the location of the subsidiary making the sale
 and long-lived assets
Geographic area information for net sales to external customers
 determined based on the location of the subsidiary making the sale
Year Ended December&#160;31
15
17
16
9
9
10
8
8
8
5
5
7
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
41
45
45
Year Ended December&#160;31
1
1
2
1
1
1
2
1
1
6
7
6
Long-lived assets include Property
 plant and equipment
 net
 Goodwill and Other intangible assets
 net
 Investments in affiliates and non-current assets held for sale.




Year Ended December 31
27
1
30
7
1
10
28
9
1
1
41
140







This element represents the reconciliation of income or loss before interest and income taxes from reportable segments
 to the entity's consolidated net income or loss attributable to the parent company.




























Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.

























































Tabular disclosure of information concerning material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments
 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.




























Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Balance January&#160;1
(5
(5
Balance
 December&#160;31
(5
(5
(1
(1
(1
(1
Balance
 December&#160;31
(6
(6
1
1
1
1
Balance
 December&#160;31
(5
(5
Bunge has significant operating subsidiaries in Brazil
 Argentina
 North America
 Europe and Asia-Pacific. The functional currency of Bunge's subsidiaries is generally the local currency. During the second quarter of 
 it was determined that Argentina's economy should be considered highly inflationary
 and as such
July&#160;1
 2018
 to the U.S. Dollar. The assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars from the local currency at month-end exchange rates
 and the resulting foreign currency translation gains (losses) are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). This change in functional currency did not have a material impact on Bunge's consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
















Long-term debt
 including current portion

223


622

















Long-term debt
 including current portion

319


584




































The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (Details) - USD ($)




Dec. 31
 2019
Jan. 01
 2019









































006










































Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset
 Prepaid Rent



















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Special and Contractual Termination Benefits
 Additional Expense




























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments
 Remeasurement Gain (Loss)




























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Plan Amendments
 Settlement And Curtailment Gain (Loss)
 After Tax



















































































































Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate increase of compensation
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.









































































































































































































Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit
 calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan.




























Assumed rate
 for next fiscal year
 based on annual change in cost of health care cost benefits used to measure expected cost of benefits covered by defined benefit postretirement plan. Factors include
 but are not limited to
 estimate of health care inflation
 change in health care utilization or delivery pattern
 technological advances
 and change in health status of participant. Excludes factors for change in composition of plan population by age and dependency status.






























































































































































































































































































Amount of expenses for special or contractual termination benefits provided to current employees involuntarily terminated under a benefit arrangement associated exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to one-time termination benefits
 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























































Present value of lease liabilities
 as separately presented on the condensed consolidated balance sheet

































































Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The following table summarizes the allocation of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date
Property
1
817




The following table provides the details of other intangible assets acquired
 by major class and weighted average useful life:




The amounts of revenue and earnings of Loders included in Bunge's consolidated statement of income from the acquisition date to December 31
1
The following represents the unaudited supplemental pro forma results of the combined entity as if Loders was acquired on January 1
Year Ended December 31
46
47
588





 respectively
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31
Property
 plant
 and equipment
Other intangible assets
 net





























































































Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
Goodwill
1
Balance
 December&#160;31
 2017
Goodwill
1
Balance
 December&#160;31
 2018
Goodwill
Balance
 December&#160;31
 2019
Edible Oils goodwill relates to the Loders acquisition and the Milling Products goodwill relates to the Minsa USA acquisition. See Note 3
Business acquisitions and dispositions
During the fourth quarter of 2019
 the Company recorded an impairment charge related to the goodwill of its Loders reporting unit. The impairment resulted from a downward revision of forecasted future cash flows
 as during 2019
 the Loders reporting unit did not achieve its forecasted earnings targets due to operational delays at certain facilities
 as well as delays in realizing certain expected synergies from the acquisition. The fair value of the Loders reporting unit was determined based on a weighted-average discounted cash flow model
 comprising different scenarios and assumptions of the long-term revenues
 costs
 synergies
 growth rates
During 2019
 the Company contributed its Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations into a joint venture with BP
 forming BP Bunge Bioenergia. As such
 historical goodwill
 gross of impairments
 and accumulated impairment losses have been derecognized from the consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions



Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





















































































122
304









163
100









942)









144
443)









808
019


122
304







542
233















































































Outstanding 
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term








Exercisable
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term








































































































































873
293









208
335









596)









552)









799
480


873
293



























































Restricted Stock Units
 Additional Activity Information








Common shares issued
 net of common shares withheld to cover taxes

119







Common shares issued
 net of common shares withheld to cover taxes
 weighted-average fair value (in dollars per share)





































627)









426)

























Common shares reserved for grant of stock options
 stock awards and other awards

800
000









451
918
































































































































































Common shares reserved for grant of stock options
 stock awards and other awards

000









408































































































































Restricted Stock Units
 Unrecognized Compensation Cost




























The number of common shares issued under the plan
 net of shares withheld to cover taxes
 including related common shares representing accrued corresponding dividends.




























The weighted average fair value of common shares vested and issued under the plan
 net of shares withheld to cover taxes
 including related common shares representing accrued corresponding dividends.






















































































Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.
























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.






















































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.





















































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.



















































































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.















































































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
















































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.












































































































































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December&#160;31
December&#160;31










December&#160;31
December&#160;31





December&#160;31
December&#160;31




Changes in the defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans' benefit obligations
 assets and funded status of plans recognized in the balance sheet
The following table sets forth in aggregate the changes in the defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans' benefit obligations
 assets and funded status at December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Actuarial (gain) loss
1
1
1
114




December&#160;31
1
1
$1
$1
December&#160;31
 and 2018
December&#160;31
1
1
171




The fair values of Bunge's defined benefit pension plans' assets at the measurement date
 by category
December 31
1
1
December 31
This category represents a portfolio of equity investments comprised of equity index funds that invest in U.S. equities and non-U.S. equities. The U.S. equities are comprised of investments focusing on large
 mid and small cap companies and non-U.S. equities are comprised of international
 emerging markets
This category represents a portfolio of fixed income investments in mutual funds comprised of investment grade U.S. government bonds and notes
 foreign government bonds
This category represents a portfolio consisting of a mixture of hedge funds
 bonds
 real estate and insurance contracts.




The following benefit payments
 which reflect future service as appropriate
 are expected to be paid related to defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans:







Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.




























Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.




























Disclosure of changes in benefit obligations
 plan assets
 and the amounts recognized in the balance sheet for defined benefit plans.
























































Tabular disclosure of assets
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).



















































































































Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





























783


323


096


938


543


412


147


641


140


743


794






























167








090








167


090


638







































































278


802


313






























057








912








057


912


485







































































147


955


128






























413








561








413


561


267







































































019


651


613

























































































































195


553


040






























065








994








065


994


406







































































015


166


433

























































































































246


216


114

























































































































240


400


153





















































































Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December&#160;31
December 31
2
2
2
2
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. For those contracts traded bilaterally through the over-the-counter markets (e.g.
 forwards
 forward rate agreements (FRA) and swaps)
 the gross position is provided. For exchange traded (e.g.
 futures
 FFAs and options) and cleared positions (e.g.
 energy swaps)
December 31
December 31
4
3
7
(9
13
(13
27
914
(25
321
25
523
(29
314
(1
114
(9
908
(1
960
4
136
(115
718
215
1
205
2
802
2
268
5
534
5
536
(29
239
188
800




December&#160;31
 2019
Year Ended December 31
 Other includes the results from freight
 energy and other derivatives.



































Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.




























Tabular disclosure of pertinent information about a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis
 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017















291)




















359


125)





Unrealized gains (losses) on designated hedges
 net of tax (expense) benefit of $(2)
 $1
 and $(1)









Unrealized gains (losses) on investments
 net of tax (expense) benefit of nil
 nil
 and $(1)









Reclassification of realized net losses (gains) to net income
 net of tax expense (benefit) of $(2)
 $2
 and $2









Pension adjustment
 net of tax (expense) benefit of $2
 $4
 and $(4)












317


040)





































$1
493 million
 respectively
 which is recorded in Cost of goods sold and Other income (expense) - net
 respectively
 in the consolidated statements of income.






Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Before Reclassification
 after Tax




























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge And Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification
 After Tax




























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Including Portion Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.

























































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)























































Amount
 after tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan.




























Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













291)


















825
















(Gain) loss
 net on disposal of affiliate investments and subsidiaries

















Depreciation
 depletion and amortization


























(Gain) loss on sale of investments and property
 plant
 and equipment








Other
 net








Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions:





















107)


















































Recoverable and income taxes
 net




























289)


909)


001)



Other
 net












264)


975)


































098









184)
















312


888


981



Proceeds from divestiture of businesses and disposal of property
 plant and equipment


























Other
 net










503




819









































244


732


054





698)


262)


010)







































Capital contributions (return of capital) from noncontrolling interests
 net








Other
 net

















Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash








Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash








Cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash - beginning of period








Cash and cash equivalents
 and restricted cash - end of period









































Represents the amount of current period expense charged against operations
 the offset which is allowance for recoverable taxes for the purpose of reducing recoverable taxes receivable which include value added taxes paid upon the acquisition of raw materials and other services and certain other transactional taxes.




























The net change during the reporting period in the amount due within one year from suppliers for cash advances provided to the suppliers
 which are within the working capital section.





















































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.






















































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies. Excludes amounts for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.



















































































































Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise
 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































Amount of increase (decrease) of investment in debt and equity securities
 measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow)
 classified as other.




























The cash outflow or inflow for a financial contract that meets the hedge criteria as either a cash flow hedge
 fair value hedge
 or hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation.
















































































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of or advances to an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 and joint venture or equity method investment) or the acquisition of an additional interest in a subsidiary (controlled entity).




























The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount of cash outflow to a noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but not limited to
 reduction of noncontrolling interest ownership. Excludes dividends paid to the noncontrolling interest.






















































































The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.



















































































































The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.






















































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.

























































The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019

Other Assets
 Noncurrent [Abstract]





December 31
Recoverable taxes
Long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil
 net 




December 31
December 31
 2018




Year Ended December 31

































































Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Property
 Plant and Equipment










160


885







028)


684)





Total property
 plant and equipment
 net

132


201









































Property
 Plant and Equipment


























Property
 Plant and Equipment


























Property
 Plant and Equipment










046


139














Property
 Plant and Equipment










834


664





Furniture
 fixtures and other








Property
 Plant and Equipment


























Property
 Plant and Equipment


















































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.

























































Amount of acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 01
 2018




























































The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders
 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Mar. 01
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


























































































Property
 plant and equipment






































817






















































































Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed
 Assets Including Goodwill




























Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 And Liabilities Assumed
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.

























































Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.






















































































Amount of liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed
 less the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















































































































Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Number of Production Plants




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Number of Products










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











304


122












252


073



















252







171
















Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered
 excluding assumptions about future compensation level.








































































































































































































































































































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      


      
      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      


      
      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CASH

      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CASH

      
      


      
      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    

  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


Dec. 31
 2019

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property
December 31
2
2
4
5
Furniture
8
9
(4
(4
Total property
 plant and equipment
4
5
201
 
December 31

 
 respectively. Included in these capitalized expenditures was capitalized interest on construction in progress of 
 
December 31

 
 respectively. Depreciation and depletion expense was 
December 31

 
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







March&#160;1
 (the acquisition date)
&#160;in cash. The transaction expands Bunge's value-added capabilities
 reach
 and scale across core geographies to establish Bunge as a global leader in business-to-business (or B2B) oil solutions. The Loders portfolio includes a full range of palm and tropical oil-derived products with strength in confectionery
The following table summarizes the allocation of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date
Property
1
The fair value of the identifiable intangible assets was determined primarily using the &#8220;income approach
&#8221; which requires a forecast of all the expected future cash flows either using the multi-period excess earnings method or the relief-from-royalty method. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in the development of intangible asset values include: the amount and timing of projected future cash flows
 the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows
 and the assessment of the intangible asset&#8217;s life cycle
The following table provides the details of other intangible assets acquired
 stake in Loders
The amounts of revenue and earnings of Loders included in Bunge's consolidated statement of income from the acquisition date to December 31
1
The following represents the unaudited supplemental pro forma results of the combined entity as if Loders was acquired on January 1
Year Ended December 31
46
47
The supplemental pro forma amounts for Income (loss) from continuing operations above have been adjusted to reflect additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to Property
 plant and equipment and Other intangible assets had been applied on January 1
 2017. Additionally
 of senior notes issued in connection with the acquisition
 as if such issuance occurred on January 1
 2017. Supplemental pro forma Income (loss) from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 of acquisition and integration related costs incurred in 2018
Supplemental pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the Company's actual results of operations if the acquisition had been completed at the date indicated
On January 30
 2018
. As a result of the transaction
 allocated to Property
 plant and equipment
 to finite-lived Other intangible assets
 to other net assets and liabilities
 to Goodwill
On December 2
 2019
 Bunge and BP plc completed the formation of BP Bunge Bioenergia
 a Brazilian bioenergy joint venture. As part of the transaction
 in the transaction
 in respect of non-recourse debt of the Company assumed by the joint venture at closing
 from BP
 before customary closing adjustments. As a result of this transaction
On December 20
 2019
 products. The completion of the sale is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close during 2020. In connection with this agreement
 the Company has classified the assets and liabilities to be sold as held for sale in its consolidated financial statements as of December 31
 2019. The following table presents the major classes of assets and liabilities included in Assets held for sale and Liabilities held for sale
 respectively
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31
Property
 plant
 and equipment
Other intangible assets
 net



































The entire disclosure for business combinations
 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Bunge is party to claims and lawsuits
 primarily non-income tax and labor claims in South America
 arising in the normal course of business. Bunge is also involved from time to time in various contract
 antitrust
 environmental litigation and remediation and other litigation
 claims
 government investigations and legal proceedings. The ability to predict the ultimate outcome of such matters involves judgments
 estimates and inherent uncertainties. Bunge records liabilities related to legal matters when the exposure item becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Bunge management does not expect these matters to have a material adverse effect on Bunge&#8217;s financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity. However
December&#160;31
December 31
 These tax claims relate to claims against Bunge&#8217;s Brazilian subsidiaries
 primarily value-added tax claims (ICMS
 ISS
 IPI and PIS/COFINS). The determination of the manner in which various Brazilian federal
 state and municipal taxes apply to the operations of Bunge is subject to different interpretations arising from the complex nature of Brazilian tax law. In addition to the matter discussed below
 Bunge monitors other potential claims in Brazil regarding these value-added taxes. In particular
 Bunge monitors the Brazilian federal and state governments&#8217; responses to recent Brazilian Supreme Court decisions invalidating on constitutional grounds certain ICMS incentives and benefits granted by various states. While Bunge was not a recipient of any of the incentives and benefits that were the subject of these Supreme Court decisions
 it has received other similar tax incentives and benefits which are being challenged before the Supreme Court. In August 2017
 Complementary Law 160/2017 (&#8220;LC 160/2017&#8221;) was published
 authorizing the states
 through an agreement to be reached within the framework of CONFAZ (National Council of Fiscal Policy)
 to grant amnesty for tax debts arising from existing tax benefits granted without previous CONFAZ authorization and to maintain such existing benefits still in force for up to 15 years. In December 2017
 Interstate Agreement ICMS 190/2017 was published to regulate Complementary Law 160/2017
 which endorsed the past incentives granted by the Brazilian states at CONFAZ. The states have validated their incentives in accordance with this legislation. Considering that Bunge has not received any tax assessment from the states that granted these incentives or benefits related to their validity and
 based on Bunge's evaluation of this matter as required by U.S. GAAP
On February 13
 2015
 Brazil&#8217;s Supreme Federal Court ruled in a leading case that certain state ICMS tax credits for staple foods (including soy oil
 margarine
 mayonnaise and wheat flours) are unconstitutional. Bunge
 like other companies in the Brazilian food industry
 is involved in several administrative and judicial disputes with Brazilian states regarding these tax credits. While the leading case does not involve Bunge the leading case decision will be a precedent and should be applicable to Bunge and other companies. Based on management&#8217;s review of the ruling and its general application to Bunge&#8217;s pending cases
 management recorded a liability in the fourth quarter of 2014. Since 2015
 Bunge settled a portion of its outstanding liabilities in amnesty programs in certain Brazilian states. In October 2019
December&#160;31
 2019
December 31
Since 2010
 the Argentine tax authorities have been conducting a review of income and other taxes paid by exporters and processors of cereals and other agricultural commodities in the country. In that regard
 Bunge has been subject to a number of assessments
 proceedings
 and claims related to its activities. During 2011
 of accrued export tax obligations under protest and preserved its rights with respect to such payment.  In 2012
 the Argentine government suspended Bunge&#8217;s Argentine subsidiary from a registry of grain traders. While the suspension has not had a material adverse effect on Bunge&#8217;s business in Argentina
 &#8212; The labor claims are principally claims against Bunge&#8217;s Brazilian subsidiaries. The labor claims primarily relate to dismissals
 severance
 health and safety
 &#8212; The civil and other claims relate to various disputes with third parties
During the first quarter of 2017
 of its employees
 certain of its former employees
 several other companies in the Brazilian wheat milling industry
 and others for alleged anticompetitive activities in the north and northeast of Brazil. Additionally
 in the second quarter of 2018
 Bunge received a notification from CADE that it has extended the scope of an existing administrative proceeding relating to alleged anticompetitive practices in the Rio Grande port in Brazil to include certain of Bunge's Brazilian subsidiaries and certain former employees of those subsidiaries.  Bunge is defending against these actions; however
 the proceedings are at an early stage and Bunge cannot
 at this time
 reasonably predict the ultimate outcome of the proceedings or sanctions
 if any
December&#160;31
. There are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable Bunge to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. In addition
December&#160;31
 2019
 Bunge's potential liability was 
December&#160;31
 2019
 Bunge's maximum potential future payments under these performance guarantees was 
December&#160;31
 2019
Bunge Limited has provided a guaranty to the Director of the Illinois Department of Agriculture as Trustee for Bunge North America
&#160;Inc. (BNA)
 an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
 which guarantees all amounts due and owing by BNA
In addition
 Bunge Limited has provided full and unconditional parent level guarantees of the outstanding indebtedness under certain credit facilities entered into
December&#160;31
 2019
$4
 owned finance subsidiaries
&#8212;At December 31
 2019
 of purchase commitments related to inventories
 of freight supply agreements
 not accounted for as leases
 of power supply contracts
 of contractual commitments related to construction in progress
 other purchase commitments and obligations
 such as take-or-pay contracts
 throughput contracts
 and debt commitment fees.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







For the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 Bunge recognized approximately 
 
 respectively
 of total compensation expense for awards classified as equity awards related to its stock option and restricted stock unit awards.
 
 Bunge granted equity awards under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 EIP)
 a shareholder approved plan. Under the 2016 EIP
 the Compensation Committee of Bunge's Board of Directors may grant equity based awards to officers
 employees
 consultants and independent contractors in the form of stock options
 restricted stock units (performance based or time-vested) or other equity based awards. The 2016 EIP replaced the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2009 EIP)
 also a shareholder approved plan
 under which
 beginning May&#160;26
 2016
 no further awards may be granted. Shares issued under the 2016 EIP may consist
 in whole or in part
 of authorized and unissued shares
 treasury shares or shares reacquired by the Company in any manner
Stock Option Awards&#8212;Options to purchase Bunge Limited common shares are granted with an exercise price equal to the grant date fair market value of Bunge common stock
 vest over service periods that generally range from 
Restricted Stock Units&#8212;Restricted stock units (RSUs) give recipients the right to receive shares of Bunge common stock upon the lapse of related restrictions determined by the Compensation Committee. Restrictions on RSUs may be based on continued service by the recipient through the designated term and/or based on the achievement of certain performance targets. These targets may be financial or market-based
. Vesting may be accelerated under certain circumstances as defined in the plans or associated award agreements. RSUs are generally settled in shares of Bunge common stock upon satisfaction of the applicable vesting terms. Where share settlement may be prohibited under local law
 RSUs are settled in cash. At the time of settlement
Bunge has also established the Bunge Limited 2017 Non-Employee Directors' Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Directors' Plan)
 a shareholder approved plan. Under the 2017 Directors' Plan
 the Compensation Committee may grant equity based awards to non-employee directors of Bunge Limited. Awards may consist of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 deferred restricted stock units and non-statutory stock options. The 2017 Directors' Plan replaced the 2007 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan
Restricted Stock Units&#8212;Restricted stock units granted to non-employee directors generally vest on the first anniversary of the grant date
 provided the director continues to serve on the Board until such date
 and are settled in shares of Bunge Limited common stock. At the time of settlement
The fair value of each stock option granted under any of Bunge's equity incentive plans is estimated on the grant date using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model. Assumptions for the prior three years are noted in the following table. The expected volatility of Bunge's common shares is a weighted average of historical volatility calculated using the daily closing price of Bunge's shares up to the grant date and implied volatilities on open option contracts on Bunge's stock as of the grant date. Bunge uses historical employee exercise behavior for valuation purposes. The expected option term of granted options represents the period of time that the granted options are expected to be outstanding based on historical experience and giving consideration for the contractual terms
December 31
A summary of option activity under the plans for the year ended December&#160;31
Outstanding at January&#160;1
6
122
1
163
(332
(1
144
Outstanding at December&#160;31
5
808
Exercisable at December&#160;31
4
542
The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 
At December&#160;31
 
A summary of restricted stock unit activity under Bunge's plans for the year ended December&#160;31
Restricted stock units at January&#160;1
1
873
1
208
(518
(763
Restricted stock units at December&#160;31
1
799
Includes accrued unvested dividends
During the year ended December&#160;31
 
369
 common shares
 net of common shares withheld to cover taxes
 including related common shares representing accrued dividends
 per share. During the year ended December&#160;31
 
31
 performance-based restricted stock units vested. During the year ended December&#160;31
 
454
The fair value of RSU awards is determined based on the market value of the Company's shares on the grant date. The weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 
At December&#160;31
 
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units granted under the equity incentive plans
. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the year ended December&#160;31
120
5
800
 common shares
 respectively
 are to be reserved for grants of stock options
 restricted stock units and other awards under the plans. At December&#160;31
 
50
1
451
 common shares were available for future grants under the 2017 Directors' Plan and the 2016 EIP
 respectively. No shares are currently available for grant under any other Bunge Limited equity incentive plan.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019

SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]





DECEMBER 31
DECEMBER 31
DECEMBER 31
 2019













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Bunge and certain of its subsidiaries participate in a trade receivables securitization program (the Program) with a financial institution
 as administrative agent
 and certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (collectively
 against receivables sold into the Program. The Program is designed to enhance Bunge's financial flexibility by providing an additional source of liquidity for its operations. In connection with the Program
 certain of Bunge's U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries that originate trade receivables may sell eligible receivables in their entirety on a revolving basis to a consolidated bankruptcy remote special purpose entity
 Bunge Securitization&#160;B.V. (BSBV) formed under the laws of the Netherlands. BSBV in turn sells such purchased trade receivables to the administrative agent (acting on behalf of the Purchasers) pursuant to a receivables transfer agreement. In connection with these sales of accounts receivable
 Bunge receives a portion of the proceeds up front and an additional amount upon the collection of the underlying receivables
Koninklijke Bunge&#160;B.V.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Bunge
 acts as master servicer
May&#160;26
. The trade receivables sold under the program are subject to specified eligibility criteria
 including eligible currencies
limits. On February 19
 2019
December 31
Years Ended December 31
10
9
10
9
9
9
8
9
9
Bunge's risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables is limited to the deferred purchase price (the DPP)
 included in Other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets (see Note&#160;6). The DPP will be repaid in cash as receivables are collected
. Delinquencies and credit losses on trade receivables sold under the Program during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 



































The entire disclosure for a transferor's continuing involvement in financial assets that it has transferred in a securitization or asset-backed financing arrangement
 the nature of any restrictions on assets reported by an entity in its statement of financial position that relate to a transferred financial asset (including the carrying amounts of such assets)
 how servicing assets and servicing liabilities are reported
 and (for securitization or asset-backed financing arrangements accounted for as sales) when a transferor has continuing involvement with the transferred financial assets and transfers of financial assets accounted for as secured borrowings
 how the transfer of financial assets affects an entity's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Bunge's various financial instruments include certain components of working capital such as trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable. Additionally
 Bunge uses short and long-term debt to fund operating requirements. Trade accounts receivable
 trade accounts payable
 and short-term debt are stated at their carrying value
 for trade structured finance program
 for long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil
 net and other long-term investments
8 for long-term debt
 for employee benefit plans. Bunge's financial instruments also include derivative instruments and marketable securities
For a definition of fair value and the associated fair value levels
 refer to Note 1
Nature of Business
The following table sets forth
 by level
December 31
December 31
3
3
4
4
4
5
5
5
1
1
1
December 31
December 31

December 31
December 31

&#8212;RMI reported at fair value are valued based on commodity futures exchange quotations
 broker or dealer quotations
 or market transactions in either listed or OTC markets with appropriate adjustments for differences in local markets where the Company's inventories are located. In such cases
 the inventory is classified within Level&#160;2. Certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. In such cases
If the Company used different methods or factors to determine fair values
 amounts reported as unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts and RMI at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of income could differ. Additionally
 if market conditions change subsequent to the reporting date
&#8212;The majority of exchange traded futures and options contracts and exchange cleared contracts are valued based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and are classified within Level&#160;1. The majority of the Company&#8217;s exchange-traded agricultural commodity futures are cash-settled on a daily basis and
 therefore
 are not included in these tables. The Company's forward commodity purchase and sale contracts are classified as derivatives along with other OTC derivative instruments relating primarily to freight
 energy
 foreign exchange and interest rates
 and are classified within Level&#160;2 or Level&#160;3 as described below. The Company estimates fair values based on exchange quoted prices
 adjusted as appropriate for differences in local markets. These differences are generally valued using inputs from broker or dealer quotations
 or market transactions in either the listed or OTC markets. In such cases
OTC derivative contracts include swaps
 options and structured transactions that are generally fair valued using quantitative models that require the use of multiple market inputs including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets which are not highly active
 other observable inputs relevant to the asset or liability
 and market inputs corroborated by correlation or other means. These valuation models include inputs such as interest rates
 prices and indices to generate continuous yield or pricing curves and volatility factors. Where observable inputs are available for substantially the full term of the asset or liability
Marketable securities and investments are comprised of government treasury securities
&#8212;The significant unobservable inputs resulting in Level&#160;3 classification for RMI
 physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts
 and trade accounts payable
 relate to certain management estimations regarding costs of transportation and other local market or location-related adjustments
 primarily freight related adjustments in the interior of Brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in Canada. In both situations
 the Company uses proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight
&#8212;Level&#160;3 derivative instruments utilize both market observable and unobservable inputs within the fair value measurements. These inputs include commodity prices
 price volatility
 interest rates
December 31
Year Ended December 31
Derivatives
Balance
 January&#160;1
2
1
(2
(2
Balance
 December&#160;31
Readily marketable inventories
 derivatives
 net and trade accounts payable
 include gains/(losses) of 
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
Year Ended December 31
Derivatives
Balance
 January&#160;1
1
1
(2
(2
Balance
 December&#160;31
Readily marketable inventories
 derivatives
 net and trade accounts payable
 includes gains/(losses) of 
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2018



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The Company records its interest in the net earnings of its equity method investees
 along with the amortization of basis differences
 within Other income (expense) - net
 in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Basis differences represent differences between the cost of the investment and the underlying equity in net assets of the investment
 and are amortized over the lives of the related assets that gave rise to them. At December 31
 2019
 the aggregate of all basis differences was a credit of 
December 31
 ownership interest in an oilseed processing facility joint venture with Louis Dreyfus Company and Aceitera General Deheza&#160;S.A. (AGD)
 ownership interest in G3 Global Holding&#160;GP&#160;Inc.
 ownership interest in Tapajos
 a joint venture with Amaggi Exporta&#231;ao E Importa&#231;ao&#160;to operate inland waterway transportation between the municipalities of Itaituba and Barcarena
 ownership interest in TGG
 a joint venture with Amaggi International Ltd. to operate a port terminal in Santos
 Brazil
 for the reception
 ownership interest in TFN
 a joint venture with Amaggi Exporta&#231;ao E Importa&#231;ao to operate a port terminal in Barcarena
Bunge has a joint venture
 Terminal 6&#160;S.A.
 in Argentina with AGD for the operation of a port facility located in the Santa Fe province of Argentina. Bunge is also a party to a second joint venture with AGD
 Terminal 6 Industrial&#160;S.A.
 that operates a crushing facility located adjacent to the port facility. Bunge owns 
 respectively
 ownership in VAH
 an oilseed processing facility joint venture with Wilmar International Limited (Wilmar) and Quang Dung
 a leading Vietnamese soybean meal distributor
 ownership interest in BP Bunge Bioenergia
 a joint venture with BP plc
 a leading company in the ethanol
 biopower
Summarized financial information
 combined
December 31
1
3
1
5
2
1
2
3
1
Years ended December 31
3
3
2
953













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.




























Amount of short-term lease cost
 excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.

























































Amount of variable lease cost
 excluded from lease liability
 recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2019

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]




Schedule of useful lives for property
 plant and equipment

Furniture
 fixtures and other





 cash equivalents
December 31






 cash equivalents
December 31








This element represents the disclosure about useful life of property
 plant and equipment.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]





December 31
Unrealized gains on derivative contracts
1
Secured advances to suppliers
Recoverable taxes
Marketable securities
 at fair value
3
3
Bunge provides cash advances to suppliers
 primarily Brazilian soybean farmers
 to finance a portion of the suppliers' production costs. Bunge does not bear any of the costs or operational risks associated with growing the related crops. The advances are largely collateralized by future crops and physical assets of the suppliers
 carry a local market interest rate
 at December&#160;31
 and December&#160;31
 
 respectively.  
 
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 respectively
 is included in Net sales in the consolidated statements of income.




December 31











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


AOCI Attributable to Parent
 Net of Tax [Roll Forward]










378


357


343





330


013)







030


378


357












AOCI Attributable to Parent
 Net of Tax [Roll Forward]










637)


547)


734)







119)







493











090)







374









263)


637)


547)












AOCI Attributable to Parent
 Net of Tax [Roll Forward]







































































AOCI Attributable to Parent
 Net of Tax [Roll Forward]







































































AOCI Attributable to Parent
 Net of Tax [Roll Forward]







































































AOCI Attributable to Parent
 Net of Tax [Roll Forward]










935)


930)


978)







036)







453









332


005)







311









624)


935)


930)







Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Adjusted

























































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).






















































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















































































































































783


323


096


938


543


412


147


641


140


743


794
































































































































Depreciation
 depletion and amortization



















































317








425








317


425


871




























Pre-tax
 impairment charges

















825







Selling
 general and administrative expenses

















































Pre-tax
 impairment charges










































































Pre-tax
 impairment charges



524














678

























































Pre-tax
 impairment charges




























































































967)


823)


531)


















































































































































































Depreciation
 depletion and amortization



































































































Pre-tax
 impairment charges




























































































407


206


741







































































































Depreciation
 depletion and amortization










































































Pre-tax
 impairment charges
































































































































































































784)


641)


323)
















































































123








865








123


865


094







































































186


129


018







































































































Depreciation
 depletion and amortization










































































Pre-tax
 impairment charges
















































































































































































789








940








789


940


610







































































739


691


575







































































































Depreciation
 depletion and amortization










































































Pre-tax
 impairment charges
















































































































































































377








448








377


448


460







































































288


257


054







































































623)
































Depreciation
 depletion and amortization










































































Pre-tax
 impairment charges

















535


















































































































































































































































681










681


195


















































































































































































Depreciation
 depletion and amortization





























































































































































































































































































































195


553


040





































































































































































































































































The net amount of other income and expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period and gain (loss) from sale or disposal of assets. Other income and expense amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items. Sale of assets includes but not limited to property
 plant and equipment
 inventories and contracts.

























































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































Amount of gain (loss) from sale and disposal of integrated set of activities and assets capable of being conducted and managed for purpose of providing return in form of dividend
 lower cost
 or other economic benefit to investor
 owner
 member and participant.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.






















































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Summarized financial information
 combined
December 31
1
3
1
5
2
1
2
3
1
Years ended December 31
3
3
2
953



































Tabular disclosure of equity method investments including
 but not limited to
 name of each investee or group of investments
 percentage ownership
 difference between recorded amount of an investment and the value of the underlying equity in the net assets
 and summarized financial information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


















000
000


000
000



Unsecured
 variable interest rate















000
000


000
000



Unsecured
 variable interest rate | Minimum




















Unsecured
 variable interest rate | Maximum











































000
000


000
000


















































































000
000









Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of short-term borrowings using unsecured obligations issued by banks
 corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The portion of the carrying amount of short-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 which accrues interest at a rate subject to change from time to time.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
































































































Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Disposition

















































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (Details)
































































































































































Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
































Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
































Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
































Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment










Furniture
 fixtures and other | Minimum





















Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment










Furniture
 fixtures and other | Maximum





















Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment














































































































































































Represents the number of sugar mills in Brazil to produce sugar
 ethanol and electricity.















































































































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























The amount of amortization of the discount or premium on the note or receivable which was the result of the determination of present value in cash or noncash transactions
 recognized in the statement of operations for the period.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.







































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31





A summary of option activity under the plans for the year ended December&#160;31
Outstanding at January&#160;1
6
122
1
163
(332
(1
144
Outstanding at December&#160;31
5
808
Exercisable at December&#160;31
4
542
233




A summary of restricted stock unit activity under Bunge's plans for the year ended December&#160;31
Restricted stock units at January&#160;1
1
873
1
208
(518
(763
Restricted stock units at December&#160;31
1
799
Includes accrued unvested dividends
During the year ended December&#160;31
 
369
 common shares
 net of common shares withheld to cover taxes
 including related common shares representing accrued dividends
 per share. During the year ended December&#160;31
 
31
 performance-based restricted stock units vested. During the year ended December&#160;31
 
454
426



































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


























































303









204

























Interest paid
 net of capitalization









































Current and noncurrent aggregate carrying amount of long-term borrowings
 before unamortized derivative net gains as of the balance sheet date.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
























































Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018




















192



















255


502







Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.




























Fair value of liability associated with financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Obligations not otherwise itemized or categorized in the footnotes to the financial statements that are due within one year or operating cycle
 if longer
 from the balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The Company uses derivative instruments to manage several market risks
 such as interest rate
 foreign currency rate
 and commodity risk. Some of those hedges the Company enters into qualify for hedge accounting in the financial statements (Hedge Accounting Derivatives) and some
 while intended as economic hedges
hedge accounting (Economic Hedge Derivatives). As these derivatives impact the financial statements in different ways
The Company uses derivatives in qualifying hedge accounting relationships to manage certain of its interest rate
 foreign currency
 and commodity risks. In executing these hedge strategies
 the Company primarily relies on the shortcut and critical terms match methods in designing its hedge accounting strategy
 - These derivatives are used to hedge the effect of interest rate and currency exchange rate changes on certain long-term debt. Under fair value hedge accounting
 the derivative is measured at fair value and the carrying value of hedged debt is adjusted for the change in value related to the exposure being hedged
 with both adjustments offset to earnings. In other words
 the earnings effect of an increase in the fair value of the derivative will be substantially offset by the earnings effect of the increase in the carrying value of the hedged debt. The net impact of fair value hedge accounting for interest rate swaps is recognized in Interest expense. For cross currency swaps the changes in currency risk on the derivative are recognized in Foreign exchange gains (losses)
- The Company manages currency risk on certain forecasted purchases
 sales
 and selling
 general and administrative expenses with currency forwards. The change in the value of the forward is classified in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the transaction affects earnings
 at which time the change in value of the currency forward is reclassified to Net sales
 Cost of goods sold or Selling
. Of the amount currently in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
- The Company manages commodity price risk on certain forecasted purchases and sales with commodity futures. The change in the value of the future is classified in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the transaction affects earnings
 at which time the change in value of the commodity future is reclassified to Net sales or Cost of goods sold. At December 31
 2019
 - The Company hedges the currency risk of certain of its foreign subsidiaries with currency forwards and intercompany loans for which the currency risk is remeasured through Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). For currency forwards
The table below provides information about the balance sheet values of hedged items and the notional amount of derivatives used in hedging strategies. The notional amount of the derivative is the number of units of the underlying (for example
December&#160;31
December 31
2
2
2
2
1
In addition to using derivatives in qualifying hedge relationships
The Company uses energy derivative instruments to manage its exposure to volatility in energy costs. Hedges may be entered into for natural gas
 electricity
 coal and fuel oil
The Company may also enter into other derivatives
 including credit default swaps and equity derivatives to manage exposure to credit risk and broader macroeconomic risks
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. For those contracts traded bilaterally through the over-the-counter markets (e.g.
 forwards
 forward rate agreements (FRA) and swaps)
 the gross position is provided. For exchange traded (e.g.
 futures
 FFAs and options) and cleared positions (e.g.
 energy swaps)
December 31
December 31
4
3
7
(9
13
(13
27
914
(25
321
25
523
(29
314
(1
114
(9
908
(1
960
4
136
(115
718
215
1
205
2
802
2
268
5
534
5
536
(29
239
188
December&#160;31
 2019
Year Ended December 31
 Other includes the results from freight
 energy and other derivatives.



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019

Other Assets
 Noncurrent [Abstract]





December 31
Recoverable taxes
Long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil
Recoverable taxes
December 31

&#8212;Judicial deposits are funds that Bunge has placed on deposit with the courts in Brazil. These funds are held in judicial escrow related to certain legal proceedings pending legal resolution and bear interest at the SELIC rate
Long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil
&#8212;Bunge provides financing to farmers in Brazil
December 31

December 31
December 31
Year Ended December 31














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Certain United States
 Canadian
 European
 Asian and Brazilian-based subsidiaries of Bunge sponsor defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all employees of the subsidiaries. The plans provide benefits primarily based on participant salaries and lengths of service. The funding policies for Bunge's defined benefit pension plans are determined in accordance with statutory funding requirements. The most significant defined benefit plan is in the United States. 
 Bunge's Swiss defined benefit pension plan changed its local pension provider
 increase in benefit obligation as of the year ended December 31
On September&#160;19
 2017
 Bunge approved changes to certain U.S. defined benefit pension plans. These changes freeze the plans for future benefit accruals effective January&#160;1
 2023
 and these plans are closed for participation for employees hired on or after January&#160;1
 2018. As a result
 Bunge remeasured the projected benefit obligations for these plans as of September&#160;30
 remeasurement loss
 recorded in Other comprehensive income
 at September&#160;30
In addition
 in 2017
 of additional defined benefit expenses relating to the program as of December&#160;31
 2017
Service cost is recognized in a period determined as the&#160;actuarial present value of benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to services rendered by employees during that period. Interest cost is the amount recognized in a period determined as the increase in the projected benefit obligation due to the passage of time. The expected return on plan assets is determined based on the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the market-related value of plan assets. Amortization of net loss represents the recognition in net periodic cost over several periods of amounts previously recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss). Service cost is included in the same income statement line item as other compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period
 while the other components of net periodic benefit pension cost are presented separately in Other income (expense)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
At December&#160;31
 
 postretirement benefit plan measurement purposes
 by 2038
 and remaining at that level thereafter. At December&#160;31
 
 postretirement benefit plan measurement purposes
 by 2038
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
In estimating the expected long-term rate of return on assets
 appropriate consideration is given to historical performance for the major asset classes held
 or anticipated to be held
 by the applicable plan trusts and to current forecasts of future rates of return for those asset classes. Cash flows and expenses are taken into consideration to the extent that the expected returns would be affected by them. As assets are generally held in qualified trusts
March&#160;1
 Loders acquisition
 increase in the fair value of plan assets during the year ended December 31
 significant transfers into or out of Bunge's employee benefit plans during the year ended December&#160;31
For the year ended December 31
 
 there were settlements to Bunge's Swiss defined benefit pension plan as a result of the GCP
 decrease in benefit obligation
 and a change to a defined contribution plan
 significant settlements in Bunge's employee benefit plans during the year ended December&#160;31
The following table sets forth in aggregate the changes in the defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans' benefit obligations
 assets and funded status at December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Actuarial (gain) loss
1
1
1
Included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for pension benefits at December&#160;31
 
 net of tax) and unrecognized actuarial loss of 
Included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for postretirement healthcare benefits at December&#160;31
 
December&#160;31
1
1
$1
$1
December&#160;31
 and 2018
December&#160;31
1
1
&#8212;The objectives of the plans' trust funds are to sufficiently diversify plan assets to maintain a reasonable level of risk without imprudently sacrificing returns
 equities. Bunge implements its investment strategy through a combination of indexed mutual funds and a proprietary portfolio of fixed income securities. Bunge's policy is not to invest plan assets in Bunge Limited shares. Plan investments are stated at fair value. For a further definition of fair value and the associated fair value levels
The fair values of Bunge's defined benefit pension plans' assets at the measurement date
 by category
December 31
1
1
December 31
This category represents a portfolio of equity investments comprised of equity index funds that invest in U.S. equities and non-U.S. equities. The U.S. equities are comprised of investments focusing on large
 mid and small cap companies and non-U.S. equities are comprised of international
 emerging markets
This category represents a portfolio of fixed income investments in mutual funds comprised of investment grade U.S. government bonds and notes
 foreign government bonds
This category represents a portfolio consisting of a mixture of hedge funds
 bonds
 to its defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans
 respectively
The following benefit payments
 which reflect future service as appropriate
 are expected to be paid related to defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans:
 during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000
000














000
000







000
000














000
000)













Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets
 resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017































































































































Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax





















































488)














280)


















































































Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax















































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.

























































The amount of interest income and other income recognized during the period. Included in this element is interest derived from investments in debt securities
 cash and cash equivalents
 and other investments which reflect the time value of money or transactions in which the payments are for the use or forbearance of money and other income from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019

Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]





December 31
Other intangible assets
 net



































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































Lease
 Payments




























Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies)


Dec. 31
 2019

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





&#8212;The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.&#160;GAAP).  The accounting policies used to prepare these financial statements are the same as those used to prepare the consolidated financial statements in prior years
&#8212;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Bunge
 its subsidiaries and VIEs in which Bunge is considered to be the primary beneficiary
 and as a result
 include the assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses of all entities over which Bunge exercises control. Equity investments in which Bunge has the ability to exercise significant influence but does not control are accounted for by the equity method of accounting. Investments in which Bunge does not exercise significant influence are accounted for at cost
controlling financial interest
 are reported as Noncontrolling interests or Redeemable noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheets. The noncontrolling ownership interests in Bunge's earnings
 net of tax
 is reported as Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of income.




&#8212;In determining whether a disposal group should be presented as discontinued operations
 Bunge makes a determination of whether such a group being disposed of comprises a component of the entity
 or a group of components of the entity
 that represents a strategic shift that has
 or will have
 a major effect on the Company's operations and financial results. If these determinations are made affirmatively
 the results of operations of the group being disposed of (as well as any gain or loss on the disposal transaction) are aggregated for separate presentation apart from the continuing operations of the Company for all periods presented in the consolidated financial statements.














&#8212;Bunge's reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the majority of Bunge's foreign subsidiaries is their local currency and
 as such
 amounts included in the consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income (loss)
 cash flows and changes in equity are translated using average exchange rates during each period. Assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates and resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  However
 in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 if a foreign entity's economy is determined to be highly inflationary
Bunge has significant operations in Argentina and
 up until June&#160;30
 2018
 published by the Argentine government for its commercial transactions and remeasurement purposes of financial statements.  Argentina has experienced negative economic trends
 as evidenced by multiple periods of increasing inflation rates
 devaluation of the 
 and increasing borrowing rates
 requiring the Argentine government to take mitigating actions.  During the second quarter of 2018
 it was determined that Argentina's economy should be considered highly inflationary
 and as such
 beginning on July 1
 2018
 Bunge's Argentine subsidiaries changed their functional currency to the U.S. Dollar. This change in functional currency did not have a material impact on Bunge's consolidated financial statements. 




Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 and Restricted Cash









&#8212;Trade accounts receivable and secured advances to suppliers are stated at their historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. Bunge establishes an allowance for uncollectible trade accounts receivable and secured advances to farmers based on historical experience
 deferred fees or costs associated with these receivables. As a result
Bunge follows accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses
 which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels
Under this guidance
 a class of receivables is considered impaired
 based on current information and events
 additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery
 at which time amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income.




&#8212;Readily marketable inventories (RMI) are agricultural commodity inventories
 such as soybeans
 soybean meal
 soybean oil
 corn and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics
 widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms. All of Bunge's RMI are recorded at fair value. These agricultural commodity inventories have quoted market prices in active markets
 may be sold without significant further processing
 and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. Changes in the fair values of RMI are recognized in earnings as a component of Cost of goods sold.




&#8212;Bunge determines fair value based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Bunge determines the fair values of its readily marketable inventories
 derivatives
 and certain other assets based on the fair value hierarchy
Observable inputs
 including adjusted Level 1 quotes
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities
OTC derivatives whose value is determined using pricing models with inputs that are generally based on exchange traded prices
Assets and liabilities whose value is determined using proprietary pricing models
Based on historical experience with Bunge&#8217;s suppliers and customers
 Bunge&#8217;s own credit risk
 and knowledge of current market conditions
In many cases
Bunge&#8217;s policy regarding the timing of transfers between levels
 including both transfers into and transfers out of Level 3
The majority of Bunge's exchange traded agricultural commodity futures are settled daily
 generally through its clearing subsidiary and
 therefore
 such futures are not included in the assets and liabilities that are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis




&#8212;Bunge enters into derivative instruments to manage its exposure to movements associated with agricultural commodity prices
 transportation costs
 foreign currency exchange rates
 interest rates
 and energy costs. Bunge's use of these instruments is generally intended to mitigate the exposure to market variables (see Note&#160;16
). Additionally
 commodity contracts relating to forward sales of commodities in the Company&#8217;s Agribusiness segment
 such as soybeans
 soybean meal and oil
 corn
 and wheat
Generally
 derivative instruments are recorded at fair value in other current assets or other current liabilities in Bunge's consolidated balance sheets. Bunge assesses at the inception of a hedge whether any derivatives designated as hedges are highly effective in offsetting changes in the hedged items and
 on an ongoing basis
 qualitatively monitors whether that assertion is still met. The changes in fair values of derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges
 along with the gains or losses on the related hedged items are recorded in earnings in the consolidated statements of income in the same caption as the hedged items. The changes in fair values of derivative instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are reclassified to earnings when the hedged cash flows affect earnings or when the hedge is no longer considered to be effective. In addition
 Bunge may designate certain derivative instruments and non-derivative instruments as net investment hedges to hedge the exposure associated with its equity investments in foreign operations. When using forward derivative contracts as hedging instruments in a net investment hedge
 all changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheets.




&#8212;Bunge classifies its marketable debt securities and short-term investments as available-for-sale
 held-to-maturity or trading. Available-for-sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains (losses) included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Held-to-maturity debt investments represent financial assets in which Bunge has the intent and ability to hold to maturity. Debt trading securities and all equity securities are recorded at fair value and are bought and held principally for selling them in the near term and therefore held for only a short period of time
 with all gains (losses) included in net income (loss). Bunge monitors its held-to-maturity investments for impairment periodically and recognizes an impairment charge when the decline in fair value of an investment is judged to be other than temporary.




&#8212;Recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of raw materials and taxable services and other transactional taxes
 which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes or other taxes owed by Bunge
 primarily in Brazil and Europe. These recoverable tax payments are included in other current assets or other non-current assets based on their expected realization. In cases where Bunge determines that recovery is doubtful
 recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
Property
 Plant and Equipment
&#8212;Property
 plant and equipment
 net is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major improvements that extend either the life
 capacity
 efficiency
 or improve the safety of an asset are capitalized
 Depreciation is computed based on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives for property
Furniture
 fixtures and other




&#8212;Goodwill represents the cost in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in a business acquisition. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level
 which has been determined to be the Company's operating segments or one level below the operating segments in certain instances (see Note&#160;8
Bunge performs its annual goodwill impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. If events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses
 the Company performs an impairment analysis at that date. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate
 legal factors
 operating performance indicators
 competition
 or sale or disposition of a significant asset. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill
 the Company: (1) verifies there are no changes to its reporting units with goodwill balances; (2) allocates goodwill to its various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determines the carrying value
 or book value
 of its reporting units; (4) estimates the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value
 the Company recognizes an impairment charge for such amount
Critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include
 but are not limited to
 assumptions about variables such as commodity prices
 crop and related throughput and production volumes
 profitability
 future capital expenditures and discount rates
 all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment.




&#8212;Finite lived intangible assets primarily include trademarks
 customer relationships and lists
 port facility usage rights
 and patents that are amortized on a straight-line basis over their contractual or legal lives
 or their estimated useful lives where such lives are not determined by law or contract (see Note&#160;9
 



Impairment of Property
 Plant and Equipment and Finite Lived Intangible Assets
Impairment of Property
&#8212;Bunge reviews its property
 plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Bunge bases its evaluation of recoverability on such indicators as the nature
 future economic benefits
 and geographic locations of the assets
 historical or future profitability measures
 and other external market conditions. If these indicators result in the expected non-recoverability of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group
 Bunge evaluates potential impairment using undiscounted estimated future cash flows. If such undiscounted future cash flows during the asset's remaining useful life are below its carrying value
 a loss is recognized for the shortfall
 measured by the present value of the estimated future cash flows or by third-party appraisals. Bunge records impairments related to property
 plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets used in the processing of its products in cost of goods sold in its consolidated statements of income. Any impairment of marketing or brand assets is recognized in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income (see Note&#160;10
Property
 plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets to be sold or otherwise disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.




decline in value may be other than temporary. Bunge considers various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge
 including the length of time that the fair value of the investment is expected to be below its carrying value
 the financial condition
 operating performance and near-term prospects of the affiliate and Bunge's intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery of the fair value. (see Note&#160;10
 and Note 11
 




&#8212;The Company&#8217;s revenue comprises sales from commodity contracts that are accounted for under ASC 815
and sales of other products and services that are accounted for under ASC 606
 (ASC 606). Additional information about the Company&#8217;s revenues can be found in Note 28
 - Revenue from commodity contracts primarily relates to forward sales of commodities in the Company&#8217;s Agribusiness segment
 such as soybeans
 soybean meal and oil
 corn and wheat
 which are accounted for as derivatives at fair value under ASC 815. These forward sales meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815 as they have an underlying (e.g. the price of soybeans)
 a notional amount (e.g. metric tons)
 no initial net investment and can be net settled since the commodity is readily convertible to cash. Bunge does not apply the normal purchase and normal sale exception available under ASC 815 to these contracts. Certain of the Company&#8217;s sales in its Edible Oil Products
 Milling Products
 and Sugar and Bioenergy segments also qualify as derivatives
 primarily sales of commodities like bulk soybean and canola oil
Revenue from commodity contracts is recognized in Net sales for the contracted amount when the contracts are settled at a point in time by transferring control of the commodity to the customer
 similarly to revenue recognized from contracts with customers under ASC 606. From inception through settlement
 these forward sales arrangements are recorded at fair value under ASC 815 with unrealized gains and losses recognized in Cost of goods sold and carried on the consolidated balance sheet as Current assets (see Note 6
) or Current liabilities (see Note 13
)
 respectively. Further information about the fair value of these contracts is presented in Note 15
 - Revenue from contracts with customers accounted for under ASC 606 is primarily generated in the Company's Edible Oil Products
 Milling Products
 Sugar and Bioenergy and Fertilizer segments through the sale of refined edible oil-based products such as packaged vegetable oils
 shortenings
 margarines and mayonnaise; milled grain products such as wheat flours
 bakery mixes
 corn-based products
 and rice; certain sugar and bioenergy products; and fertilizer products. These sales are accounted for under ASC 606 as these sales arrangements do not meet the aforementioned criteria to be considered derivatives under ASC 815. These revenues are measured based on consideration specified in a contract with a customer
 and exclude sales taxes
 discounts related to promotional programs and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Company recognizes revenue from these contracts at a point in time when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of a product to a customer
 generally when legal title and risks and rewards transfer to the customer. Sales terms provide for transfer of title either at the time and point of shipment or at the time and point of delivery and acceptance of the product being sold. In contracts that do not specify the timing of transfer of legal title or transfer of significant risks and rewards of ownership
 judgment is required in determining the timing of transfer of control. In such cases
The transaction price is generally allocated to performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. Standalone selling prices are estimated based on observable data of the Company&#8217;s sales of such products and services to similar customers and in similar circumstances on a standalone basis.&#160;In assessing whether to allocate variable consideration to a specific part of the contract
Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue producing transaction
 that are collected by the Company from a customer
Payment is generally due at the time of shipment or delivery
 or within a specified time frame after shipment or delivery
Additionally
 the Company recognizes revenue in the Agribusiness segment from ocean freight and port services over time as the related services are performed.&#160;Performance obligations are typically completed within a fiscal quarter and any unearned revenue or accrued revenues are not material.&#160;




&#8212;Bunge maintains equity incentive plans for its employees and non-employee directors (see Note&#160;26
 




&#8212;Income tax expenses and benefits are recognized based on the tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which Bunge's subsidiaries operate. Under Bermuda law
 Bunge is not required to pay taxes in Bermuda on either income or capital gains. The provision for income taxes includes income taxes currently payable and deferred income taxes arising as a result of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities in Bunge's financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by valuation allowances if current evidence does not suggest that the deferred tax asset will be realized. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in Income tax (expense) benefit in the consolidated statements of income (see Note&#160;14
 









&#8212;In June 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13
 
 which introduces a new accounting model
 referred to as the current expected credit losses (CECL) model
 for estimating credit losses on certain financial instruments and expands the disclosure requirements for estimating such credit losses. Under the new model
 an entity is required to estimate the credit losses expected over the life of an exposure (or pool of exposures). The guidance also amends the current impairment model for debt securities classified as available-for-sale securities. The new guidance will be effective for Bunge starting January 1
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
Income Taxes (Topic 740)-Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
0. The amendments also improve consistent application of and simplify U.S. GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing guidance. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted. Bunge is evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 




&#8212;On January 1
 2019 the Company adopted ASU 2016-02
. Under the new provisions
 all leases
 except short-term leases
 are recognized on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the obligation to make payments under such leases. The Company elected the amended transition approach provided by ASU 2018-11

 which allows entities to apply the guidance as of the date of initial application by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening Retained earnings
 with no retrospective adjustments. The Company also elected the package of practical expedients that permits the Company to not reassess under the new standard prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification
 and initial direct costs
 as well as the practical expedient to not separate lease components from non-lease components in accounting for all classes of underlying assets. Upon adoption
$1
 of operating lease liabilities. Included in Operating lease assets at January 1
On January 1
 2019 the Company adopted ASU 2018-02
reclassification from Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) to Retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). Consequently
 the ASU eliminates the stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Act and will improve the usefulness of information reported to financial statement users. However
 because this ASU only relates to the reclassification of the income tax effects of the Tax Act
 the underlying guidance that requires that the effect of a change in tax laws or rates be included in Income (loss) from continuing operations is not affected. The Company's stranded tax effects relate to unrecognized costs associated with certain pension plans for which the tax benefit was initially recorded to AOCI. Absent this ASU
 the Company's policy is to release stranded tax effects upon the pension plans' termination. Upon the adoption of this ASU
 the Company elected to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Act
On January 1
 2019 the Company adopted ASU 2017-04
. The new guidance eliminates Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Instead the Company performs its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. The Company would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&#8217;s fair value; however
 the loss recognized cannot exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.







Disclosure of recently adopted accounting policies
 including impact on the financial statements of the entity.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Entity's cash and cash equivalents accounting policy with respect to restricted balances.  Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for equity method of accounting for investments and other interests. Investment includes
 but is not limited to
 unconsolidated subsidiary
 corporate joint venture
 noncontrolling interest in real estate venture
 limited partnership
 and limited liability company. Information includes
 but is not limited to
 ownership percentage
 reason equity method is or is not considered appropriate
 and accounting policy election for distribution received.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
4
4
5
5
$3
$4
December&#160;31
 2019
$2
$3
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 2019
 respectively. Of these amounts
December&#160;31
 2019
 respectively.



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions




Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017































482)














291)


















































280)

























































Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax










































322)


















































492
289


968
980


365
549
















































803


528














































492
289


703
783


265
077















































































































































































































































































000
000


000
000


000
000







































































000
000


000
000


000
000






































































































































































































































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.



















































































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.


















































































































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)





















Current period adjustment resulting from gains and losses on intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 that is
 settlement is not planned or anticipated in the foreseeable future. Resulting from the entities to the transaction being consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting entity's financial statements.
















































































































































Aggregate net gain (loss) on all derivative instruments recognized in earnings during the period
 before tax effects.




























Amount
 before tax and reclassification
 of gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.




























Amount
 before tax
 of increase (decrease) in the cumulative translation adjustment from gain (loss) on foreign currency derivatives that are designated as
 and are effective as
 economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity.



































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 R$ in Millions
 $ in Millions
 $ in Millions

































































































Unrecognized tax benefits
 recognized by the end of 2020





































































276















270














































































































































356






464

























































































































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NATURE OF BUSINESS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CASH
 CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH RECONCILIATION (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





















Restricted Cash
 Current










Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents














Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
























































Amount of cash restricted as to withdrawal or usage
 classified as current. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
 2019




December 31
 2019




December&#160;31
 2019
Present value of lease liabilities
 as separately presented on the condensed consolidated balance sheet
Additionally
 the Company may enter into re-let agreements to sell the right to use ocean freight vessels under time charter agreements when excess capacity is available.




 or more at December&#160;31
 2018 are as follows:





 2018 are as follows:







Leases
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Table Text Block]




























Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.
























































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.




























Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 16
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019
Nov. 30
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018

















223
000
000




622
000
000

























Land
 property
 equipment and investments mortgaged
 net carrying value



000
000











000
000





































000
000





























315
000
000































750
000
000











000
000































































































































































































000
000









This element represents the net carrying value of land
 property
 equipment and investments mortgaged.




























Line of Credit facility
 Accordion Feature
 Maximum Additional Commitments Available



















































































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017






















201)









205)































































































































































































































































































































































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





























783


323


096


938


543


412


147


641


140


743


794







































































407


206


741







































































186


129


018







































































050


037




















































































































































288


257


054















































































































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













140


743


794





598)


477)


029)







266


765



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

351)


423)


437)







































Gain (loss)
 net on disposal of affiliate investments
 subsidiaries and assets




























205)


















291)







Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax










291)


















280)



























322)

















































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))








































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The amount by which the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost basis or carrying amount of that investment at the balance sheet date and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary
 before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.



















































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.





















































































The amount of interest income and other income recognized during the period. Included in this element is interest derived from investments in debt securities
 cash and cash equivalents
 and other investments which reflect the time value of money or transactions in which the payments are for the use or forbearance of money and other income from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
Unsecured
 of local currency borrowings in certain Central and Eastern European
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
 respectively.







Tabular disclosure of short-term debt arrangements (having initial terms of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
1
2
2
502













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018









Trade accounts receivable
 allowances






Trade accounts payable
 at fair value






Convertible perpetual preference shares
 par value (in dollars per share)






Convertible perpetual preference shares
 authorized (in shares)

899
683


899
683



Convertible perpetual preference shares
 issued (in shares)

899
683


899
683



Convertible perpetual preference shares
 outstanding (in shares)

899
683


899
683



Convertible perpetual preference shares
 liquidation preference (in dollars per share)






Common shares
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common shares
 authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common shares
 issued (in shares)

813
142


111
081



Common shares
 outstanding (in shares)

813
142


111
081



Treasury shares
 at cost (in shares)

882
313


882
313




































Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
















































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.






















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


































































































































































































































































Amount of increase and adjustments in the allowances and reserves
 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 from charges to costs and expenses.









































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December&#160;31
December 31





December&#160;31
 2019
December 31





December&#160;31
. There are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable Bunge to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. In addition
December&#160;31
 2019
 Bunge's potential liability was 
December&#160;31
 2019
 Bunge's maximum potential future payments under these performance guarantees was 
December&#160;31
 2019
 



































Tabular disclosure of each guarantee obligation
 or each group of similar guarantee obligations
 including (a) the nature of the guarantee
 including its term
 how it arose
 and the events or circumstances that would require the guarantor to perform under the guarantee; (b) the maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee; (c) the current carrying amount of the liability
 if any
 for the guarantor's obligations under the guarantee; and (d) the nature of any recourse provisions under the guarantee
 and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties
 and any relevant related party disclosure. Excludes disclosures about product warranties.

























































Tabular disclosure of income tax examinations that an enterprise is currently subject to or that have been completed in the current period typically including a description of the examination
 the jurisdiction conducting the examination
 the tax year(s) under examination
 the likelihood of an unfavorable settlement
 the range of possible losses
 the liability recorded
 the increase or decrease in the liability from the prior period
 and any penalties and interest that have been recorded.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











































































































































Fair value portion of investment securities
 including
 but not limited to
 marketable securities
 derivative financial instruments
 and investments accounted for under the equity method.




























Amount of investment in marketable security
 classified as current.

























































The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of investments
 not including unrealized gains or losses on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 held at each balance sheet date and included in earnings for the period.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
May 31
 2015


Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]










000
000





707
440







000
000





































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 01
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017

































000
000








000
000








000
000


000
000


000
000







000
000


482
000
000


000
000)


000
000)


000
000


000
000)


000
000


000
000


291
000
000


000
000)


000
000)






















































































000
000



























000
000






















































000
000





































































































000
000





























































000
000
000




























































































































































































































































































The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders
 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































































































Property
 plant and equipment





















Other assets and liabilities
 net

























Business Combination
 Number Of Mills Acquired






















































































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.

























































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















































Pre-tax
 impairment charges





825


































































































Pre-tax
 impairment charges






































Pre-tax
 impairment charges













































































Property
 plant and equipment impairment






































Pre-tax
 impairment charges





535














































Property
 plant and equipment impairment






































Pre-tax
 impairment charges

























Agribusiness | Property
 plant and equipment at a port | Poland

























Property
 plant and equipment impairment






































Property
 plant and equipment impairment












Agribusiness | Property
 plant and equipment of feedmills
 a port
 and various machinery and equipment in Brazil | Poland

























Property
 plant and equipment impairment






































Pre-tax
 impairment charges



















































Pre-tax
 impairment charges







































































































Pre-tax
 impairment charges





526







Selling
 general and administrative expenses

























Pre-tax
 impairment charges






































Pre-tax
 impairment charges



524


678

































Pre-tax
 impairment charges
















Equity Method Investment
 Number Of Investments Impaired

























































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























This item represents an other than temporary decline in value that has been recognized against an investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the investment represents the amount of the write down which is or was reflected in earnings. The written down value is a new cost basis with the adjusted value of the investment becoming its new carrying value subject to the equity accounting method. Evidence of a loss in value might include
 but would not necessarily be limited to
 absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment.






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017








































114







Estimated contribution by employer
 next fiscal year

















































































































































037





















































































































































































































































































































































































































114














































































































































Estimated contribution by employer
 next fiscal year


















































































































































































































































































































Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.
























































Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.




















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Bunge performs its annual goodwill impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. If events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses
 the Company performs an impairment analysis at that date. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate
 legal factors
 operating performance indicators
 competition
 or sale or disposition of a significant asset. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill
 the Company: (1) verifies there are no changes to its reporting units with goodwill balances; (2) allocates goodwill to its various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determines the carrying value
 or book value
 of its reporting units; (4) estimates the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value
 the Company recognizes an impairment charge for such amount
Critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include
 but are not limited to
 assumptions about variables such as commodity prices
 crop and related throughput and production volumes
 profitability
 future capital expenditures and discount rates
December 31
Goodwill
1
Balance
 December&#160;31
 2017
Goodwill
1
Balance
 December&#160;31
 2018
Goodwill
Balance
 December&#160;31
 2019
Edible Oils goodwill relates to the Loders acquisition and the Milling Products goodwill relates to the Minsa USA acquisition. See Note 3
Business acquisitions and dispositions
During the fourth quarter of 2019
 the Company recorded an impairment charge related to the goodwill of its Loders reporting unit. The impairment resulted from a downward revision of forecasted future cash flows
 as during 2019
 the Loders reporting unit did not achieve its forecasted earnings targets due to operational delays at certain facilities
 as well as delays in realizing certain expected synergies from the acquisition. The fair value of the Loders reporting unit was determined based on a weighted-average discounted cash flow model
 comprising different scenarios and assumptions of the long-term revenues
 costs
 synergies
 growth rates
During 2019
 the Company contributed its Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations into a joint venture with BP
 forming BP Bunge Bioenergia. As such
 historical goodwill
 gross of impairments
 and accumulated impairment losses have been derecognized from the consolidated financial statements.








































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( $-W55 ?(\\#P    !



0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+

 G&+'&^+:-HH
6KW]K1E
MZX3@ 3C&_O/YL^0:H\8NT7/J(B7VE&^&T+198]R*(W/4 !F/%&PNQT0[-O==

S0QS-10
MH)8SR%*


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S

M[NYG#&74[W'_%'#.ZV/[\!3#XJ;KE^:D5!N\ED75+
-3VY[OHZC9G529-9_T



7OMC7MGCK?]%RJ$


DCC2=ZAC%GE&+NA@\T



M)'VJ27SI8_8YY3HAZ0.-+WW

R<#C=<%LR_

MFK=9^\YYT+I59BCQ)S/OD\KVXT6A#FUW.C/G=?_RWE^T^CQ\F(C&KR.K?U!+

M(A5I6;$G*O:XXH@H[A%_U





C8.C3% L0^#-5


-0=EXD!M/1(UG8(+Q
MH*

QDTUV5_!MS?U,5E
M.-]V;H?LZ_\ 4$L#!!0    ( $-W55%)-<8%P
  $H




M0=#L3J+

D#@HL[SREW.[]E OY_*B
MBKP2#[777





;;SWP# /:^;0V:V#C8N(
M^2UDBT!B7$2(AAE:?C@,D^/\.5'EA\-^&D(TM1N(54%C*A;$I!KZ*I0D(
MUL70)

=R5:
\F
GVBG0N$(@*4A(XF'881\O+A@B:4
GC\+HJ1
M$(\H02-*7+E R3IQY0*M+@(:V;J024C-RU%E::.4DH(D)HZ7@!B\R%BZR(8
M+G.*RIPB,D&^UE,D&?#\70RH#EO$2C12@C!:QQ!Q#)8Y8CKAX%2N

$N2E_(%X&!!:/5!R*5OE[RA#-SDOW-..
MH6(7

).NK'O)X4X*#-
]+ANN]MVHN2YZ]R#_M^'Y5]0
M2P



M[!U9R9Z05WGX=MBXGC2$



(4(R988F8$$.IS

IS /NE
3XFM&

M:&5E='

5V*E17$<5Q$M7E_K!<KZ9W
M#^UZU;SVU?[@']I%]UK79?OOQE?-Z7YIEN\OONQ?=OWX(EJOCN6+_]/W7X\/
M[? 47:)L][4_=/OFL&C]\_WR)W-7V*G I/AK[T_=U?UB;
ICTWP;'W[;WB_C
MT9&O_%

M[GZ9+1=;_UR^5OV7YO2KGQODEHNY];_[-U\-\M')4

M6*G+[^?K_C!=3W/\]V*X 




 / 6P-P%2T8RSQDV:PZ1ABD5#@;+L1$+C5A@)!-&
MSIKDJA*3QJ+3R!*.


MGL08R3XM2BDP40W&GR%@)I%F$Q#.3*!*,E#9C!*#6 I29;.HNMZ,BDJ@,BZ
MT'# .#6 IR1Y:C0KK55+%!YP#0Q&*@&$)4D48VF99+*20M$V=64NS6#D6H



!H$I




!&7P7Q (O-F8@@
M-:FJ5FJE:*NVUT[B)&@!4]M)MF]?VQ $9K()%V;?V:^
?;@_
KXFSA1*IWW

.Y6M


-6&(89 (!(GF(#&R
M0#I-



M
&S !A0=NCVKB9(8M:U







M+-%X# 2BD9A=.H6_MZ+M9@H3H@-.//K5(F67U1.9NRR?[:TC?BWZ=62 ./1+
M1!8-

M5J-A)2'%-A.5M09;K55YB%CFG+$$-%:-6DV(8-0PT*+1
:8!5.9
Q#0'CB7$

N2E:&H
0P\[F*BL5\D[$9E8#W

M2


57



L%(WU!9CJ%3

Q.B&258]9?

EOO()I;C3'*:28)9

MT#

MTZ@DA8EB[Z

SQ%PC^\
U]$32R


MB2C!'+@DHMQ%




M@3\V




*
MV4@.J0&;E++1O! CTXL)N0@^H;E1Z)AQ
:P.M;6[?DS(1? 3#0S%D:MYJKE3
MCRS$X#2VODTB@5*@IUHX=.T^EQK)AW='IZ

0,*&0C
MV(E!MR<TAQAN%72I%OV8D(M@)P;84LAAMO)R%$NO9B0B^ Y!GF.HURXE=#[
M9@!Q7O _(_B



M7&:!K$MWNE;0=7O!
8_EFCW2/ U@6


M(NB^0T=(C L7?DVI]$%)H(S..X,/-DZ+N9TYN[Z,2$70?$=2OSLNQYPLJ2,
MBJ1QR+LD C3T.JX&M%QPTPAEYPZ!1?XNHN0-J[A7ERY7:IC&]E%*6VTY!


8S
.*NZ3X8GSQNT#Q7\T=6









$D2+S;K&6K_
M7ZC#OU#6


MM
([



M970Q



))UXX*#Y6DG
M:O@)[E=W
MYBLTHI-;168DL
5!F]VQR.NX/@-\2!KLXDU#)&?$Y&-_+C8A
,O$QE0VKJ3HK4
]J?A4M'@==]G&?1AO;K83


1L-A]WT@]C\C?._4$L#!!0    ( $-W


DS;(MVA?

MP?_H3Q8MMK!44D/GI.F(A3JGM_O#
0WQ





.?

@R@A2DO'-

M)^


MDK!%3Q68.DZ3)07V.D[RPCL/[!V/;_([?)SV;\+4K;;DC

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$T+GAM;'U386_;(!#]
M*X@?4!R2M5ED6VHZ3:O42E&G;9^)?;91P7B X_;?[\NY[76O@!WW'OW[CC2




3?)NR1L
MT5



M'U 2DBU59%MJ.DV;M$E1IVV?B7VV48'S 

MT;4 GCQI95Q.6^^[(V.N;$$+=X

\\ZHDE2-'B:=RE2?LPWAP.$VP=P< GP&W*0\;
M$R7E'X07169Q(';L?2?B$V^///2FC
[4BG07Q+O@O1;\L
W8-1)-


M2=/D2(F]29.\\




MX7CKSV8:L\EPV
':326*M+\%VFN7O&3O9$#BQ?:,YYPY,QYG@W7/O@4(Y$4K
MXW/:AM=&/-EUKX.]N!P9O:.BTFJYAOG
@J@32BO'-Y@W30AI:9



]]Y1

M


7\1LYPB&['
*



=&JM1EM
MG.N.C-FB 2WL#7;0^IL*C1;.FZ9FMC

MPMD0VVLMS*\3*!PRNJ&OC@=9-RXX6)YVHH;OX'YT9^
M-K.44D-K);;$0)71
MV\WQM OQ
B!DA(JT2OW@

7F.K94S(5_Q6NH'QX4.)S
M%*AL7$G16X=Z8O%2M'@9=]G&?1AO]OL)M@[@$X#/@$/


M^%]PO@[?KBK



8-L G@!\ 1QC'C8GBLK?B_*W)J)V+GW@PA/




9L.;(?T@
MMGSC\B=02P
$%     @ 0W=54)8
%OZU 0  T@



MR8

M\
T?O?+!-M%@FTDV/ZWQ*68V[^2L%E/%9@J3I,E.78Z3O+,.PWL'8]O\CM\
MF/9OPE2-MN2SK]L['^)Z
!+6=WX$:K]!YL

M+W-H965T



MFPJ-%LZ;IF:V


OX
W'2.64 +L]O[%]C[;Z6L[!P

'+CO31&<

M#\+4LK7DC




Q22@VMDZ8E%JJ
WF[WAR3$QX#?$@:W.)-0


MC;MLXSZ
-\D%M@[@$X#/@)L(8&.BJ/RS\)/K1F('7O?B?#$VSW'WA3!&5L1
M[U\0^\YYY^V*3L'HBGF





M'==MK;X 

Y;9WK#XS9L@4M[!7VT/F;&HT6SINF








NV[@/X\TN

MF^N470+1%'



M\M\2UV)NWB5ABYYJ



M4]MNW 0_17$!P0ONTU7*]M2-E752*VT2M7FF;7'%P48!_ Z_?L=APG=?
TI*J$0O
MW3T.WVJYQ
KK<1OGVC\#_Y=ZL$NTBP^[#$
MM9CW*MFBIPI,':?)D@)['2=YX9T']H;'-WD-'Z?]AS!UJRTYH_,O&_M?(3KP
M4I(K/T*-_VS(:%RX?C9G\TX9J/AL)M^$)N_<?X74$L#!!0    ( $-W55#[


!U^N_+Z!G;6OZ!9AAWILW
MPU!













M$:0

\[
M2N;B/\
-)(8')9BC


M'VPQ)#0^' ]XMM.8388W_?R#V/*-RU]02P
$%     @ 0W=54&R!@-6U 0
MT@



POC0E38(@D%#[P
!QN\(#2!F(
M4

&#D3]%X_N2WE'20



M8

MH?7A^![/=AZSV?!F6'X06[]Q]0=02P
$%     @ 0W=54
R27U.T 0  T@

P.!D0=04HR?CB\8TKTFI9Y])U-






^^
'X
MWI_-/&:SX7!8?A!;OW'YU!+ P04     !#=U50^@5 1;4!  #2 P  &0
M 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S,YX;6Q]4V%OW ,_2N('U NR;4]G9)(
MO5;5)FW2J=.VSUSB)*B ,R7[M\/2)IE6[0O@(W?\[
Q^8CFU78 CKPIJ6U!




%IHW39$F%@XZ3
MO/(N _N0QC?Y'3Y-^V=N6J$MN:#S+QO[WR Z\%)V-WZ$.O_!%D-X\+QWI_-
M-&:3X;??Q!;OG'YU!+ P04     !#=U50=MLLO;8!  #2 P  &0   'AL


2YX;6Q]4]MNU# 0_17+'U GWBTLJR12MPB!


M'QES90M*N!O3@\:;VE@E/)JV8:ZW(*H(4I+Q)'G'E.@T+;+H.]LB
X.7G8:S
M)6Y02MC?)Y!FS&E*7QP/7=/ZX&!%UHL&OH/_T9\M6FQAJ3H%VG5&$PMU3N_2









-7


)6/=5@FSA-CI1FZ.(DK[S+P-[Q





5NVH(2]



M

MWYLR.&
KXIT7;[WW4B0\S=@E$
TQQRF&KV+V2P3S[$L*OI7BR/^!\VUXLJDP





M^IL*C1;.FZ9FMC

$N


)MW&4;]V&\2:ZP=0? 'P&[. C8FB\L_B3PU.! S]KX3X8FW!^Y[4P1G
M;$6\\^*M]U[RA-^F[!*(IICC&

7


1L-A-_T@-G_C_#=0
M2P
$%     @ 0W=54&UT#Y&S 0  T@
_<<&3,UCTH;F]P .UO6C2*
M.V^:CMG! &\B2$F6)LE;IKC0MJB[VRJ D<GA8:S(794BIM?)Y XE?1 GQT/




/3WPXIKXW=7#&5L0[





H'#*ZI6^.)UDW+CA8GG:B
4E%)
M7KDG'+[!5,\G2J;B'^ RH<')3Y'@<K&E12]=:@G%B]%BY=QEVW<A_&&?YY@
MZP ^ ?@
V

M$M=B]N^2L$5/-9@Z3I

SK]L['^%
MZ
!+V5SY$6K\!YL-!94+QQM_-N.8C8;#;OI!;/[&^1]02P
$%     @ 0W=5
M4.T!DJ&U 0  T@



2UD3\L\^LZVS


M
WV&I9Y;2I;BO\(5%(8')9BC



M#/TKB!]0[DAZJTY)I%ZGJI

MTT)VM

M]=Q2
A?_%:Z@


Q([];X7X8GW1XZ]*8


M2=BJIQIL$Z?)D=(






M[

?WY&Y+2UO@$#]K?E4W[Y&=RK
0+[;Q
,('U+J%(0@R
M3P1A%EBD@B(5(
@]$80IL




C4:?M#V





MH


8I



CB


M+GAM;'54[6Z;

MI=Z?V/=RSKGGVK[)1Z7?3 =@T;O@TA2XL[;?$V*J#@0U-ZH'Z;XT2@MJ7:A;
M8GH-M XDP4F6)+=$49QF8?

P'2
%3\)ZMM5^ [
MC&IHZ,#MBQH_P]S/#J.Y^:]P!N[@WHFK42ENPB^J!F.5F%6<%4'?IY7)L(ZS
M_H46)V0S(;LBD*E0</Y$+2USK4:DI[/OJ;_B=)^YLZE\,AQ%^.;,&Y<]EYO[
MNYR<O=
.4R8;(5)%P1QZDN)+%;BD'V@9W'Z)NIP$^B;-?TVB0MLHP+;(+#]
MI\7[JQ8_8K;)?XKLHD5V$8'TJD@




)=8Z?PM
YM7@'^-G!
]
M7*F9\%^=95N<_R(404U'9E^$=-G6/HY8K0T_Q5NP S<5F(\2L&4^T7EJ+3@

?J/V+PU-DSJ:T

M

8-GT*E&'LW^)OL.M]/D;O_^#SX_-RJ;K



MUS:$TI07VS


D%\3D8
MG^N'D)H*!R04'X[0J/H%00\FG\6C3I&C(0M^=7]8^Q=E_+15AX1/53UJXK






$


 !5FU
;1/:MY]M
M*&.I^P7;Y]^?.]M'-DKUK%L @UX%[W2.6V/Z R&Z;$%0?2-[Z.Q.+96@QBY5










=3%N)C
MP

WPLG75
&X/;\ROXI

#
L

M:&5E='

G;5+4:MMO
M8E_;J.#K HZ[MR]@U_






%#/_(IS(4X
#



X)Y]3D$7PMQXO_1^3I]MYKA
M+M)W2_K=85T@615(HD#R3XG)IQ+7
/M/0=BBIQI
':?)D@+[-D[RPCL/[#V/


MEHMP\&#43UGZ)J

MV/R-\S]02P






^%QF$,Z2O6F&P#W@7O=(8;8_H3(;IH0##]('OH
M[)=**L&


MA[! '!2(O4#\3XO1IL40)@Z;'((FAX# 86




][=W _^I/Q%EM4


2J4-JZD&JQ#-:OX5!1_FW:AXSY.-]F5MDU(9T*Z$.XB@4V!
M8N9/W/$R-S@2


M 


MU$ @1$@-:VF3=JDJ-.ZSPZY *J-F6U]_:S#6&


MN=A)%IGH-6M:.$E/]9Q3^?L(3 RY'_KWP$M3U=H&2)%UM(+OH']T)VE69%:Y


MF3]338M



]:K)'!
*58;YX,])
M49,4$5A?/(997SQ9/8.LG)M1'FEZ%O7PA;1N5


_;OX U!+ P04


M


LAV\P]1-C-#7_ \[ +=Q58CT*R;7_146OC123BBU%T/=Q9:U?

MW\9Q2LY.:





HD+O.0.^HR5X/E
M3
)1(S




O(4U]*)%LE#LE_
M]&2;GFXZ3 
]7='3Z)/ZV:9 %@2R?UJ

MZN($Z#8\68



$%     @ 0W=54#?2.E.Z
M 0  T@




M$('(RWB;.?&2
@#7YT_VQUB[K^7



M9K=$$
^^I*!;*8[T&YQNP]--A6F$IRMXFF3;!-DF018)LK7\E'XI\7M
MM]_



!CMNW'V#7M5+^&
[ANYR#@6P2





LJ.4

0_X

M8N^^ES.S\*3%3]ZXOL0?

(5IP?J

M(CW;T+

0EV


M
#%D?NC? Z_-M=8V0/*THU?X!OI[=Y9F1V:5LN'0JD:TGH0J\Y_#XRET!(?X


MX]S^2N6U:95W$=J



L S9).2;:@$T^NL5SENM1Z.A*BR!4[5G1B@
M-U]J(3G5)I0-48,$6CD29R0\'%+:=?C(G.YLRPR



W9E#;I
MCL)]




*

2CW@N-GF/LY

MRC\*)XK
X$C




0X9 H4
M


M!UL


M%%]B)XML2TVK:I



%J:

M7.6/5-

MXA$XW)CX
)_\)JG7)/TH$ 8W)C[

MZR]\OK??J&RZ7J&+T.:




M@;DGCH_4WDWIG/XJ_)E-7EOOO4ACFI.[(YHQYPE#5YAX01#+ODA03.)
_PFG



!0&[<]

MJZJ56BG:JNVS \-%:V-JF[#]^]J&4
IZ7[ ]G
N
828=A7Q1#8 .7CGK5(8:

M#BXR4 /G5/XY Q-CAG;H'GANZT;; 

MQ=(2U_N[^B=7NZGE2A4\?:K+763H00%)51T8/I9C)]AKB=&P5S\5[@!,W;

MU^3@$4@V)C[



M3:
5(&5318G42*M4;9^]

I


NU

TPC/5W1TRS9%L@V!;(HD/U3XOY+B5N8ZR]!R*JG$DP;





M:81FD!8T)HKEQ###8DM.TJ@VN\(!42)290.%HR$AMQ'8!X AMHRQGHG#-U

KZ5^G6BWLNF






MJ
)U$O6-(Z/_'K'JYLZEU4E(I\=


M*VS'I*./V$LW)1(KZ&?$0TSLC(D=
:T0:^R84SNH@UG$5M0IDP;61MQ-F44\

M7EW4W4=
MR9K^$D;#/T'^'U!+ P04     !#=U503*R$5D0   N!P  &0   'AL+W=O






M



N^BB4;
=L#@

M&#1P;0&DZQBNTAD%8D6(E$2WX@,F'@N$MUQ$EM%8HM(8B=(K 3)QVN96@G2
M]VM9I(M:(M5Y[HKJ\KJ_6(6JT4Q5S&VBR#??CQ\BTQZ(S.YF[.[\ONG
*


!/IE$+IV3GUMP2
ML]WI







M]GW2#N6A*+ZW#[^OKJ=)ZU&^S1_KUD36?+SF-_EVVUIJ_/BW-SH]]=DV//_^
M;GW9#;X9S$-6Y3?%]I_-JEY?3^-TLLJ?LI=M_;5X^RWO!^2FDW[T?^2O^;:!

MP QM8/L&=F@#US=P0QOXOH$?VB#T#0)I


4$@U#HKOVYL)1BPT8:

M_HB)FHQDB4!DL!SB-/;50E\M\]5%APTX:
 -CY:'!CSPP)
5Z-DH0Q\#+3
M #H)I!.$B;B3#N)P$!*.@&8-,&=I+3%!A0V(!*
.63X5.F!-50 R:M!UW
M6B*



QQ)A

XP 1I@K!.&*X37JKX#-8)
T(G#-8)
M PIY'C3.;ZH2 

S0NWJL#@Z+HX^





J@DPE%:H1
M
RJ.R%01TR4.N?/(%-)9V,1\R4BO@AY.6*^Q!%\B9@OD?,%C!;P12A(N9+
M1'R1KN.%^_@1V25B







M$N!U0VGG)DZJ9#DOS


MB%!.*+(O8HZ(*18:0J$A$$HF8Q7R9Q 9:XZ0=8DY



+3!'Z&L&
M($):Q&)?%

M

MT#AC@-AV(G9%B5R150VP
ZJ5(VQU.6)9&H4]47%/Y%6CP &7:'V
Q Q5(W


9T Q1W




MSJ^5ZK8(R:(&1N0#[Z#5;THN&%%Z*RHD.P'D;$F
(KS9)(B1IO7SS-:.(L_X


MG






M+2&5A-26D$E9DM _JEROC7E7&QD.[7H5&Z$K5U.!4=JQ;U^+7:+^R9G^634
MT*/3]/VYR\4V@*XYBXN+IUV[=#_R!=[RIX=)'*1=Q!*$C/M
7B P4/
3

MB!L=$:7!$'
+.2F8.P@3#C'? $PTA-Q#


$IA$&P2PJ[I(LO:GJ3:M

MI-F$6OL.[0P' 
* 7630
!P!*+!?F\BP92*+/7..++:#H9NA'1'0CZ'AY$2&
,[N3'JG?^8I[\ U!+ P04     !#=U50/TP;T=@   PP  &0   'AL



F





MPOA.4YWT^#HLG%0YG6NWYM^ANL72M9V/HV&(7G]%U!+ P04     !#=U50



*/0O^ISKJ
M<A,NP^#(3O3]8OHOK*AH20
ANZ_LROC!FXK
1H'P97[#0X7I44]L)A2:OK6
M7ZO&7;N!_[8


7 U\206PXG#4)Q2
M#P6<)YQ]P%0X+1B*RX.I$CSZ



M6P1(&Z*JE5HIVJK;9X=

MRK%NH&4U:0T*I\Q\=#:[1.(5X+F&GLW6AJSD0
B+W'P[9J8M#0&&DDL%)&Y7
M* !C*21L_!DUS2FE)

M_R5X(\'[+

-5V=CZZY3!(L
]R$[#234


M8_' 6M*H+T?&:RQ5EY^ :#G!!T.J*0B#( $UKAJ_R
W8$R]R=I:T:L@3]\2Y





%!J!:%Q(E+D%
M(J= 9 3BD0 




MM7UVDDE :SUG;#]^]J&19 ,5?J;V?.G&
S=MYQ\2I+ .6\U:R1:[=4JEUY
MGCR44%/YQ%MH]


8'A 


X1_6FUU/P49!7JS3R82;MW=DV[E7KV6B29GWM70S1@
M-CTFF&'('+/%

&(\;2&44B @DL030C'&$4(+4$X(XAP@@@EB! %\8W-
M'I-83&

MX
5!_J



&0*HI\






_]4
MMD+-7O)XD6;HHH5ZS+K#^.,?XO8S!%Q-$0



L:4TDVD8_'0R]F.


  #Z!@  &0   'AL+W=O
M



MGQ+P2


M;EIHQ&P'3#3#A!

;
M29U&4H? RC*2+HN-0PNT6X)PFEAMVR]!JS##;K^9TV_F\)N[!59.@=7_OT&Y
M4R!?.


M2[;DY2W;/M.6MN:I.*7MV[\?(
\XN2SV2Q4\]W#NA4-A=1/=:W_F7 9O==7T


]]4
MMKWJO6YHC%;151-9S-. P1


23Z0A9#A
0D( 8
M@F1@% Q2V/ I ;3&$P:DWR60#**8*E)*4Q)&2%@E,D(($Z?)B9!!MJ 8

$$!


M70N:IDMI/*\) $JP1PQL7N2Z%YBAQ!D'$3(7XX)R7V'@?0EP/1D'@IX)T#9
M'=,#.QBY%@:FQ[4GFFQZMB(N&/?BH4]C%P3IX7'Q AV
;K#QABV
79M[)8$

[I@:




MG1^#H-V=1
7;!WD6M7YRD$W%E5XVQZ ]-X+OK5%5!HR0)*AX4?OKI=U[;M9+



M&PRZXLP:A+U!^&$0?6H0]081
 BZ5&QMMESQ];*1-Z_ICO?
S5M$'R-=_9W9
MM




M
%.O_P-02P


%MZU

M@O!!A62@0H.)#*9LBLR#02


M^+@-?42+$3%AQ
DP70U G;H&



!#^*XCO
M*_@% U42J2&:-FF3JD[=/M/$25 !9^ DW;^?

M0[[CO[A\/CPV:A:


SG([?O7_5P:M@7O*69Z+\


#F:P 1X






M)'#)0E#-LB2QRY$EB UAS4(7+ 04+&(H_XBN-@^ 9!X/1'0/[;@MC)BT/*

K1!E E^6&&&4O U 18XYSC^$\



MX\;Z4C5)?4OSX:;OL'[FS:ZH6^]%2'75UQ?RK12*X[AG6*W5TW=.GY5G;#

$%     @ 0W=54


M



UW]?24]=6/

&6&





MB)5P0.1+$(DI)Q'E:()(SB:6(!

1+Z

1(6 2.FL..L$S90M%/G@@(&H$!#9L@
[;@JJ
M84W?N:A0CQDRXGS4$2T@$0BZ[E#H#$T-8(F';,&NV5?&,Q#C4I(RF;-@4A3
M'DB\V:PQ,C5 )D6SYISSE,P:4TXCRE$N:XXF$;';@$A$D0%%G@31GON6'(T



\(NK[]3R\F?3TAF.)^44/;[CA$57?




^ZN

_DB*M^.IG+WD595G[;&4USRO7.TP_%)[



MC9PS
V3F9UM_:P[&M
'WLJB:17AHV]-3%#6;@RGSYHL]F:K[96?K
F^[QWH?

$7_N_DP10?O


M7MS$F6 %$BJ0@P)YHR!U%FK$J %3#9@TD4ZL%)-E

MWJC$R4



833
M3C9+W3$$@5CL2R7



M@4








M%+TX)8Q3@CZE1J#2#M0QDB/81F2W(05V

&1V
MF7-UBN.+%94Y!RX

1X5A&$PV
M DR&P61#P&2@&#I:P6 R5 H==9]C
/D(




M6

 TT]B(QM9'V1RJ1

M-V?UH

MI]?U!0H8


#_ZR3%!@P:L
& W1@PD6
#
M#@VX
X(D3=_%=#4B$[B3!':2 (

&Z30()T?4T #

S
MRAP:Y/-CDA@_M?&


ZT13 +)%J3%+)!\3EI7)/+$
M

MRS 
S*T
;EH@RF)/^68&.;D

MG@K$

M1





MD:R7/3VRGTS]ZK=CY+)R[YN62=KWD6'5;Q(U@\ 60
K.)WS:YR]AZ95%XX


!NN/BSED% I7%

MTCW5-&C809G77+^+H;$8!HKW8].43)W;^C]02P
$%     @ 0W=54*!;)P1N
G!COB51=?@[$RDYFJ^W 8


L&C]/3QO^$GFN$=8!1_&[I3:S:GDYES]BK[GP[;OQ0


)&95#\32:J2LYO'I]4:B=X4Z#E2Q3SH
M05


M@P@TB(Q!O#+(4&BE
6D2HQF
)LZM/%P)0ACFB$&.V.'(469Q3)IT/4EHE;P&
M-.A!11

8) -!
J :
5

=@\T9+.X&IQ9*
'JKM7]P_S^T@O#V3ZMHQE\.)
4F57_BD




MV
GCPI_XWH[N\U
MN3D*SJ6)24


4V_ZGR+5Z7DY(- _.FJC#K%H,&6@1P2*O=^
M8%NLB!-.;C=8NX@TN85L$$B*BXC0/

$





U)BWK6$[D:SIVMZ@
M[[V7_P%02P


Z (_@3\/1RIVWARE;COH64MZA\)YYSX&V\-&
Q'6FXK_##;02Q*1HR*8



P'T9(-:AG 4$=32I@O+PLX=1%GPJV)-!P<1

M3_%VGQF]%;PT

A%/S9'#E_-8-OIUT8&2!@4GC0'5S@STP9HPTQI_)
YRW

^:1A

MJ7ZFBI:%X$

_1



!#'OPKB?0LVYB%5$JE)-6W2)E6=



@NK^WI::*T /1V=^819ML
M^TZG1^K5T[)(9O/H9!SUS*IC\(A! Q%I[\


8YD[XH3J(SA)G%@!9B+A*2@U





7KG2
-M/N]$P<B__ U!+ P04




M\Z3\;V



!MI+03

.






+

B.^00+05\C[&L$?(WO38D_8C[
$!XXP7(

5B3R/@:9I[&DDSF+N$@ 2:C]QFJQ
MIY'T-W52BM2?/\(F!GON89V#\2-C22AD;$.]@ C5X?A%K)*#[_.P!%_'W4

I3VE1

L6XOX^:Z[$]4^IO:7H;3(N]^9+7^

DZ#*B]K?KL=G+^UVW5S[
MLJCU2^MUUZK*VW]WNFQN&U_X[P\^%Z=S/SP(MNM+?M)_ZOZORTMK[H)[E$-1

C-
MSYO.=%D.D8R/?^:@_CWGT'!Y_1[]M[%X4\QKWNFL*;\4A_Z\\97O'?0QOY;]
MY^;VNYX+BGUOKOZC?M.ED0].3(Y]4W;C7V]_[?JFFJ
8*U7^;?HMZO'W-L=_
M;X8;T-R [@U$\L


Q

)Z




D.BT



1$) Y!
?B5:N/)AV!&@76S-)6=UK;RK(IIUS3T&8=@0V?RMK





MM06YV![=B[3E?\[YG4-MS^S*Q9L\
::]ZJLY3P\*=5,HTCN3JRB\H4WK-9O
M#EQ45.FI.$:R$8SNK5%51CB.TZBB11TN9G9M(Q8S?E9E4;.-.2YJJCXNV(E

 ^7:+I&V!A8

M2VE_@]U9*EYU7C1*1=_;9U';Y[7S?S.##7!G@'L#E#XU2#J#Y
. /#4@G0%Q
M#*(V%5N;-55T




MUT]*=E!F.-9CT38U[43QIFO8HKYK7/P#4$L#!!0    ( $-W55 /8;V;/ 

!#^*XCO
M+9QYCY)(3=)TDS:I:K7M


M^K4Y4




VKW/EGCY_FY]+8
7P;RD#5VR_$^V



MAA1FT6'(!09ZA.L]RX(YF)!#'H8^4,72Q,3^##$K# ,&6+N34SB:K[6&88
M8AXP3(@'[:%Y]:0!;V @P@WXJ %?&O '!F)M83I
(#&EQ'B@96V)8!)7RZR)
(9 1J2$J-32E@I:S16CX
M &TS+DT(\7 9$2HC0F1HV5A$IH\ ]Q&C/F+$AQ;'(D9U7K$TL3<Z/4;&SLH

(D#4N-F1LPUML9F 4\E@Z\@ &K
MX)$=3_ *)E^H8()7,$$JV$@'02I8/VJHHY,[&=
U[ !M@0XM9F^ %H2Z'



M:&5E='

PG+.6T[E*?.=Y)Y*@;-V@Y.,E #YU3^
M/0 38X8B='4\MW6CK0/G:4]K^ GZ5W^2QL*+2MERZ%0KND!E:&':']
+-X!
M7EH8U6H?V$K.0KQ:XUN9H= F! P*;16H62YP!

M#.3TLWIJ[T2TCTTS^MTO7-GIEIEO)?\GH0IOEBA&7.8,&2%V6UWP8;_24(

$%     @ 0W=54. RW5_V   Q$$  !D   !X;]W;W)K

K0 J.HD1*I%6B
M)

!:VT/L 3;_/KX





QB!Z

K]0%CQP&6)J
K#B(QM
B$-&\*#@9B
X&

HL)$4:G U


%8S*]%_++5+^;7
M%O!K


P!Z)@2!&UF&*K*WJTK#^88AOS

%SAMGU8#^M

M@)!3P

M.V!P0T[Q#KHPJ^$8DYP'0@[TIWP.&G-(=-)2J+V.2\T PM0%12Q:J 5,;
MJBM



MFO=N
X.0ZIJHY4'E3DSF*.!?$@NNGB!F.



-,))U #QF:\(\/O<<U23 $[B('&;.0



)\(
!]Z[5*VWCU$PA%=O/
MC&7727T5X1LH&_##AX@7=




M?I; 'ACB:1./CM/II[
(C





S381

MGI;MW\GV7%9YUM=26\F2[]WOX=C^7OKZ/XKA KHOH*\%5'BW@.D+F!\%;-OY

MC((EH]!I7*LY=J

XJ0&5H#=*% E14F

MZZR9T54+1


WR?TZD!

M BH%2Y1PBXVF4&A6#T'69X=
6F!^5TT@1A)AD0@+$WF.&A%;/)0_2]&T

?5?AT5 =(](/*T@DD-IB1EK
MR$C(N2V&F^7)F$AJ*WQI&I.

M CLF&;-@FUM*)2122IH@# 
[)ANS8*=;%U
[0*7GTJK%1+!CLC'+-SMETUW)
M\


M]1]02P
$%     @ 0W=54


MM:W










U-
ZQ TFJ\O-3D;
TX%8VP0QH)3
M
Q@^4V%;#8;/H+I7+B9#T*E#)Q=*17A0(F$Q


&U3I\D%@_B87@Q8*B<.$.TBX-#-A.ZCV3H,H^,E$8G#
M7:MV1I,[\9V#.B RF?QMV0@+C<.$.TBX4.X=IM)5N%R'H72\/)Y@
U-/G^:
MY3(



MEETB/
9(ML-CE#U6=K8#!B_4&%U Z8OP*)8:A+ )JPIOR2(&E+



-
1

M#L11C%$)TB2
=()(2_=@

M6DMC8!A3A;E-F
4$S2T3Y\?F]FS(.!.
=$)(:\'()0QCJCW;.8H+EE@G#C






DCHC2+0')7+



M]0\CG+S[]M#*!]T_9%&\?]T_S')X^.+[



HQQ==^W1Y?+IF\?:(S]7_4$L#

M=#$P

MX]NPN.HT&K\

MDIU=6OVRS_(D*JO+_! 4Y]Q%NR8HB0
9AC9(HE

M5%R2)




M_Q&& V07(&\!PCX


YS!P R&55!EF!.J6Y!I


M[ (8
L

H;QTRH


A?S :Q)K'09

K79HAM&&E2][)@;MUJ)Z;AY0VCF&T/8+T



3[VL=35D
V!PE)7
MJ*D;*M
.U1NQHLP!#&..8WQ#QJZBD*L8SQI$8:VK(7L$A;6N4%?GM/'U/54I
M@- ER



H;7^SG@ PC+5'D'ZUV%$T=!3/2Q.-
M9:Z';!,TEKE&+9W/-K1-H#MY!+*4-[7\$D




$%     @

3 S+GAM
M;)67[VZ;

$
[[++2U[)7%1.P_=+]Q-Y7-/
!%C%[YQ?




MO[
]227*SD6G4K*W=IM7=GMICR2T\,!M N@?0 )[P8$74 P/#:S&RIGYEB

MN:4L%/((Y2(+X')
%$$H1D
K($$\PDF0

MWO:=))K0$



M970Q







M]IXWW\KCK]H
2$XG9O2_ZP^=M_.2=O'JLSK_O]D]5XW96&LM%2*[.?INMOW
MUZ.Q_]D,-VF 3LW8#38@)L&_-8&PC00MS:0IH&\M8$R#933(#HYJ_?^4]9D

MT*
/4C-A8YY\C!1.9U]A9]P&/4/0_[U%[9C/ V=PX*RWP&T+$EO@T +O+0C;



Y*0%0Z;K4XS2G


U6
?$(!&X%L1R.\0CAQ
M$+O%+P8E!QP#(%(



M


.H8/KN\#92* 
0B$;.(
(-29B







S%]NU.@^#!?2WBY&XN_4$L#!!0    ( $-W55X#1;K*@
  .D.




!IHC[H<0R*/C)Y2LM9$)*4

)0)HDN99F2FV3B3/[<PS$F&^82!!9_VH7^%7@/JAZN-@/I



)_)Y4N[2HG1
$%     @ 0W=5

MT:
UU56 PS ):EHV?K:T8WN1+?E%567#]L*3E[JFXM^&5?RV\I%_'W@MSX4R


MOYG.M^/*#\V
6

M_2F/JECY
]\[LA.]5.J5W[ZR/J'8]_KLO[


MWSS1O=Z6FJ\(+2*]^KD9M(MMG^GED7KTFB$4X65P-9%ZT:83X4?1H AT^(&!





M971S+W-H965T
3 X+GAM;)57[6Z;

G
M007
;?IWG[&N#28VKS(X Y]]YS;'.X+*^

W\\3N
M1LB[EA#:W7GP'A%I+KD1T\TG)*]#JI*#_M^[%6DJ-WU4H\]\O62G659U/21

MP\J]1XL'K 

M_IJD;E^S#;P]?\O^18M78IZ)H!M6_BGV\K1R4]?9TP
YE_*)7;]2(RAR':/^
M.[W04L%;)JK&CI5_SN[LYL




M F##-(2% -@DL+%#';#MH0#2$=HZ@O$F#D?UC(XQ-D/)Q(( V#C*9G7 YHL@




M_[T9;L!U WYKT

M '0CW%;#30A'0IXXBB%)#!

4#!?(P Q@A0C(C$(P8EKD*88P0Q8A)
MC-(\47B(!$
$H$@D64J8MA##!9%9-D S
-;T4
JZ +7U/VZ8
(2Q[+E&8HC


_88AT

VT934U



M-\3.(LDD
A:+4X& )D]+33%5?VNQLT@RB8S%X@P@8!5/*TUAUM^&V%DDF43&




M
YX;6R5FMUNVT801E]%T'TB[2\IPS806RA:H 6%FVO%9NVA4BB*]%V^O8E



KB^?5X_5'U7SY_/G

MOYK..T?5IKIKNBE6[8_7ZK;:;+J96A__#)-.3^?L!K[__?OL/_47WU[
E]6A


EVB^I!5A(O.E.-4'-B^%*NMI@9X6Y


J6+_L


MA$&ILNM:
\4U4ESXDHCFW'*&
'3%)-=(\CBW:





M.9CBABANXR5M 
VZX$B@UF1O-\


'^-Y&^I1-@!JO$B'FR=H0QM


MK*Q/'2=/4/IL



N!H7AJZ8JA:;S^)&E 6K\).3


.<X5?A:&<)'3[/7(WC@G


M6)@HS2[





T?$;=;$\;DK^




3$N

<TQBG*&S<9I$NU%$%J(DC68-TH90IP48@VB)06O K=#Z'0(K4.X



3$R+GAM;(U5VXZ;

MK+$)MQ5!ZJ:J6JF5HJVZ?7:2DX#68&H[8?OWM0U!!)PJ+_&%F?&
[1SG'1?O





M


M8!+%.;H8I0'TTH/(!$1N$9LE(HY&-(.1AO$:8-8?CBU@5/L5@B=J%56-T&



D_KYF/Y.JN.94BWW: \F\GYW
[R


MC@;
3JETM7E




;)0L
)E'R0(3IN(&3M70J0H_QQXL]&!1N0SV
MX* 'A\H5);HZ&=FK1$54TS4U2HR+*D9M?


[V@^CH.LS$(%



MG4!8%(B;+-X+A!NQG0@
J($)G'U

K.:.85!B!B5@4#JNQV.^)&RP7

310&3($V

MPC@KA+/C
L(


M&&.-
'8

M.1\80#=&P#H

803]&R'K
H!\D9#T5

M

3%U?/3.@_=

3$T+GAM;)56V8Z;
!3]




MR&3$
K931H+JRYFM6)89)9W'WUK4;6(:XNW]5?V++5X7LZ62K7CV)]VK9.Z.










O=4AITE



M]:&243Q:'TPF@V@F'AN8/)9

QSASA
MS'TV

L-([0=%IY'+XF1EE.VPQ+#)RE\
M=$BMT&#.CS_I2(RI1+MA4F
KI7_=)24F62*2A:\PGL=2.:6XF#F)-K=D!DOZ


D8(4D;03
MND2-O@W1F%-&8J$9Q^C,4)ZD(:(Z0A0F[2FB(DDM&D

MTI@2C;H1S9IV(Y:

M.7)3OG7'9M5L4[P?ZM;-Q=WST=Q-=TKBW+]EBSL&[M^SQ0.Z_\@63_V!W$^W









M6JF5HJVZ?79@N&AM3&T3MG]?VS@L2;SE =O#F7/F&'NRB?%7T0)([XV27N1^
M*^6P0TB4+5 L'M@ O?I2

D


TZ6_Y+F3@AM0K@D;-+_)D0V(7I/B(WY
MN3)C]3.6N
@XFSP^_ZP!ZS.QV45J
TL=-'MGOBFW0D7/Q2:*XPR=-9
%[6=0

R9!


  #@

MW&/[[G+


M37?&J
$B][KPG!V.

[8T5MY

ML_Q/MI/'A9NXSH[NTU
NG]GE*VTV%+I.L_OO]$QS!==*E(\MRX7Y=K8G(5G1
ML@I1?I6/[/2/\-_]4
-L- 6X-@ML&I#$@K0%!-PVQB!H#7!\TR!L#
)W



\4A (KB@(*BD(C8SFH4(AUG9HD?A*/

=U9XQ295.?Z+RY*C:^':2T[W4PUB-

T $  #X$   :

V@)-+0
MEO@Q/1QSCP^ 'P-

M1=(GKN=O[!]#[:Z6
S/PI/C/H;%]B1\P:J!E%VZ?U?0)YGIRC.;BO\ 5N(-[

LJK0

8+H&I3NLP5$G
(B
M0[=DCO0]0[9/MQFR3:-98




M


[&QDN5*2KS]




MS]/XG]A
S7 #/370YP8J_F$#FAK0]P8_[L%
#0QK$(Q#&7*3%UVQ7C7U:=&


MQX

T0P\P@Q2]4HB@;18;1)

F+74)8
MTH JB@Q?EDCE%B;VK$(



X\






M6GM :3 H3?@!7!B



M&LE61232#)[]51CRJA[(C&]M8%*;JU[I&O1.5_G2@REKKGH9.ZFBV8*/106

)




^6M


&V)'.,U3\OF_\'K
M1UGEF=(B3<F27^WGX=A\GI7^+S%:@L!?A&08]\2<)2 \RW@WA1PE8#;5\!3




MA8D[8.HC1F#=





J].PBNZ2 X[B BV/TI)C0L9@JC%C/!$8N9H(C%3)OFP::0
MP/C( W7VB5;&8
QIC

ML/C/%6-.!



M[3* +NP)QCW KOV:@PW'!QMIO\Z3FJ:91[_A24?3E3FX*R
\J:C.@9WT) &Z



M5+52*QV=ZK3/)@P0G21.;4-._WU]&8*S9VV*R@
D9LWLN:UO]MB^/E7U]^8Y



M_L+B]OI8/H4_0OOM^*7NOBW.M3QL]^'0;*O#K Z/-_

S
M^3SKNW)?5=_[+[\^W
SSOD5A%S9M7T79_7D-J[#;]35U[?@[5CH_Q^P+3C^_
MU?[ST/FN
_=E$U;5[J_M0_M\






(04J1FTT$P=D(!W0J)V))@=579B?ND5#D7#)-.*!2,KHRH
MF@83PBHQL=9E,$Q% ;HA:/!=!+L)Z5DH243#(-- +)I0:D251?!A-#=#S?Q
GLR<PPHR0Q(:1 H30-

'6F03Q3!V:)1R1E50I1@@2\P'B?B@!(T$50R-
M)8:#1'#@ 



#H4@@*7
MHBD
!06AP(TKAH)4$C'-869G8XC:&@$122@04J=F UQH)&6.!V?HVQH!$6

)\
XI.AQSR3

M
HP=@[(+;B
UF$&9A?)T!;I
M#J$E4Q[+;:ZA1D&'=NHNHC5+:SI8?LR&#:[A69GN&ZQBZU$/F$6E


M=I)%3K)T%P0J8YA[C1;;S:)=WG)U8+O9XO/]==A%#KF(/B!
MX+$I/

MY=#VKR-


XOS9T^R]02P
$%

MQ]7R)V!S[CT^%Q_G





DT:
M!&5(1V(Z4&1 M0$%EHJED1%)-F())V0$%DV4 99

78&H7^M
MS!\KABA;





M970Q

M[X[G[M(JXT!U-9 +? ?U




3A+%DP2Q;2F809\B!#'M*9WNC








M0P@F_DK
M5;0L!.\=


M@

C4;!S:5HQO=O+MO UC&Q'C

MWKA^%OU7-B9$PF#
_CN[
V[




DBRL&$






M965T


6:L




7X1R5J ^(%15RQFL
M477MQ
2[ Z)


MX;0 8XAM:ZQMK6TKW





Y'2H)S$-P%Q)6FT!B!F7\)@#$:.F;Z?#

IM:Q%X$$5+A^N1.Y[#P!*M=07Y S([L
3O^)A


M*!


! E/:V2W[A#
9)FN'9=):\JD

C&4[&X3S%
*0%$
(5D3!E!&=&:HJ:RMJ?@*,/.)&!+914+*$9*R
M
JZFT2S8P!CU $X!)%0/1(VCC S(..6J
_XO

MHGO):0C$[A EXA$22**K #WIA(=1VT $D@J#Q E1ESB?A*)B1W)7B7B?=
;=

8

M3!@]HY0OH9M




MY /W*H

@-%@\JP(4J_@PMH0
ME04&1ZW

C
2]0=0IF8%4N5


MVO25&CXI2^C8:6QIT3_++Z/8

MH0Z+X9W
=MY!E)0U-J H4
EJ($K*:H=0P@:

M@-

-P5)%UQ&KA3.@&

[YL
MJ^[!)IR1
*N*

MR_AS=LZLR


MG\]77:][]5NO]$
WN7_]
.V^K]9_KB_9+;;OPMU^6
V?;[8O^AV]OFWX]O]0
M2P







M?QI!IOTKN4RW(0B5



A$20K


$K 5/B(07+&?
ML/J


Q$NJC*+5;Y^H
G[%B7]U62VO#3[E0






_Y*^\4'CK
MB1IC)8JF^^NM#HT4I;:B7FS/_TSK[KGL?^2



M&P-^A2BC&3= Q1&Q$CZ ^1\3)!1&C9%U)A41X 11/3^R5(
0)GF
(9IE:&
M59A2V$0
FX@OJ+

T5U+FP; $*):ZHN?8DY&]*2,Z\N?4
MB&/9(WI)]!P+'\43HA=;,XY39@8/@@Q8V=#-'5Y[-AGD+W1J-@Y%CYRK'R4


M8E!.'UI2\PG$XE16/^N=4LWL5Y$?ZNOYKFF.5YY7/^U4D=5?RJ
ZZ/\\EU61


MSP+X$


Z)


M-+-/455








#$_E6#3HX)2Y.
*-]!5?W@+1OXKMOS9]V/<?O_[(JI?]H9X]EDU3%MWF


M
BYX;6R5F-MRXC@0AE^%X@'&[I8EVQ10%3*'A+!5J=G:W6L'Q*'&QHQMPLS;
MKWR 8*G%B)O8%E^W6JWNWX[&I[SX46ZEK :_LG1?3H;;JCJ


M

IOEI


M%L2'@V[U_DN4X77D:@YEGE:-G\'RV-9Y5GG1862);_:ZV[?7$^=_[,9;8=
M 5X
U-RW#%AGP#X


MO!YM:K_Y455KJ4;?I\ %C+WWVE4'S5H(KZ!0A'UF;C(?7CP5PR40) .9H6&/

]\-AG!-.8+Q01]YBO!\#[RC7*C
4\4(_K



V&L&_Q0;X1'BF*HMPM%
M^;%6H5]
*HY9I'4



C)QBJ]6J9
RD&


QEAZ1FT*!@Z*1@2XB2$]BI](2FTI!@M

M4&^[%P)2KBQMAQ;Y0B?Y0E.8.#?B
2$1Q99P+.*%3N*%IN  1D:]FQ2B_J&Q

M2ASU8 @H$+9P+

MNA2N1B_'DP]8'\AHXS
8/0








MNE;/?BL_9:SP
A(UQFL:Y]7_VNM'7J1)[46%DD2_+Y^'8_5YKOU_F6$#JS:P

%0
UT L&
C8

'#!D41;(#6&6B/&:S HQ='$[%V?3'? 6
M(!Z6R



M3SQM.2/\EOKTL9X^UY.L\-AG@Y %GG02TTYBUDG
.?&#5B5'J(:=Q*I[F'5G

MW(U


VW]DYKI3@/.J32@OX


M



M='


*69PT7R$EW\<7@XXAPRW-QT\ZT]*V6<[U59MUOW;
SE


M'(I*U6VA:Z=1QZW[)!ZSP.\;#
3?A;JULWNG'\JKUM_ZA]\.6]?O%:E2[4T?



MUR

M=@W5KOF

7&+[CS\Z(7W+/IMB$%
M#/U
&8ICDXO-7T#WMQD'-F61?*;HL54*X)6\Z+G)!:R* +.F:0.



'2&9XA96^3B-4#-2T
MQ


?
*A]L=26;FP!:TPT^@(1M4N50/*5 !4_M_'D'[Q%%$B

M[/6U-OU)P.SM_0SJ2?9G(.3]LWC

MJ$ZC_Z53=U;YX?Y0JJ/I;U?=?3

$%     @



X

#G
H*/E=













MUW2Q./B2PZ;#7)(*%F0:7575IKDB?TN[MO^78@$')F9O96-RVZ*+GXD3(7Y
M*,T;*AYGMWY7*=E

25NM\
DGA*KAF

N$8RMU;/ -W H\;1U=75TU](J+





MS@

:O%=R5IRTTL.M;=[@/%EANA;/H[Y0-F+6-% D[LT]J

M=4B--[[= 









(C'9Z-HR8Q&*.O
_1W#J*M52J;7XB6.GI^RR5.45? Q





M0/:CUYE5AL*[+W^


^UO
N@MC
MPFT=GKQWW._'??Y/;OIIZ[CEML%X$)\.1O%@/'3O


MOI]:=VDPC$]/A_%H
.J8%I]$MLVM4?XG459;CMPW*/'MS^#OS)DSRO&WZ #?

G_\
M_8^3(_I'/



M9=^@Y&:TG0(B






\*%U$GZ3+M=Q+'$OL&SB88@.M36DEQ5O6G*O^&Y_)T/[O1H

M[\9R0Q?:U=OYX7)G[\XEZ/\WS%):?
A-DFQM^7JS9[#5.
:?V1U=K9;;/O






M93 K_\G]9IZ4-*.W68&)\O
75BG?HSZ&/J?R

M(U*&!]./!?E8NI'W+K,R:(J,-X!E).ME$#*E%76F6,PWLC(@ X)PF:PL!'
MR5%*1 KC@14BYR;?EVIZVR)%YR!Y8




9[A*:K=+&HHI0O+\P3_<:N

MK7H^J&ESS)-4ZN9&V :'LIMWF1I8=.N6'[?=.L!#D&0HPV8Y:4=)Z(L:3)






M[BE'A*\ 



V@C
N':*6B:
M+$_A#N)X:QF?IQID[G#[:H&!'*Z[A0G!]^EJ[97]D&O#T$06 \?X?'A_&'TX




ON!


MKA7K&=&-IW[._



M@Z72CQQ9.;H.DDW7%#H9:KK&#4W$\$Q=#J;V#O@=( X'(644@3Y248SW#(



R



MXJ6B3:6
J*J1?_'K9DJZ#RL&. RI!K&N=IQ/Y64_G$,4\&NQK28L(U)_QN


M6BE[&'UF4KVLUL F4 
T


/KFU
M5IR?G97D-S#/@74@1PNJP+%;0E$$VO6B-N*
MV5!Q+YD6D(9/@=:I# 9+;*J
MR-LXM

M2F.R

P7)
M^$[FXNH[;ETDU**0LX
0( 5.G.&D2+W;N'LKG-4T^OL&[#Q$8)K)/H)F^IR$
MY(NPV3H7+O+C!&42N9BRG$7-#D+^9 17#Q0(G(A2_=Q (NRW0T%5;;1NVB




AI[?0'
MKV=]FZ+*DFS@C#[#1)RM2&:43_\VQ0UY0FYQ3NM02[SRY1 9VZ]89(#'!RW3
M7$/N7FLJ4 ]



C1H(FS8W&7M?0@O&B3

M?Y.UJPLEFYTX* NX

M]H7N6]R5JL!J9F6V'%
Q!8%!:)UL*/]


M7I#G%8\4;P.LD$X40W'T/?M;_?C#Z N#!V.RJ-L1I4T[:)*S7UG(93
-
NC9

M%98&TRPF;*ZSZ0=OAL5
.$28!Z



M-LZ+8ZHD[9['-#'E;XJ'\9A.DDVE+$KS4 0XP+X+\C(LP02GJ:8E**QT'F



M]%HT=CL1$RP.)M2Z6F3]Y



%_7;RD_S8MV5E6J3A2M(
J6<$A;#IESB=2?[)7&@(6
M*%SVDB_Z5I4X(2R5J*0P;\+06PY0Y9$:P=IU

SUZOF5+S

=09]VM

3^5BN6]

M92\: :! T.7L5* )2_!J=RH-E-5005TMDHD+.FB.==EYMYQ_
\Z0%GRJG0L)




 ;CD!%1
MSEOHQ*
;L6PW75;

MO9!^9-D)1GTC07]SKD;CXE=!*_+FMVV\_BF!$^.:_,3@GQMMQKDK3)3LLFU
MK%6X2S4HZZ[FW!];SQN4CGB)U2PRB^CN[%3]VY]KJ.,58YP==7U?MD*PX
M$!YIP)3KPH;$4FL)D4H46Y[Q5UP#MD^4N;8:W7)@.272!4P&VC)8S^^LEM
4OA:UYA0&1X=<]&V<#P1X6H7/


MVM)3%1Z?BL82M0I3Y36/J/*N18-9U%PA5(*YT%RQI9)=GI*1#MLLL4S6B'T[




*E%_Y3)7.$J0%
M2'];4U%-)A2?@@(^P[J@9)5


MZJY0W2!T-7C&#\@ I)F'*2UAG *%#8-M_I7Z5I!5B3 ?9KU0H'GRX@PJR9 +


MGPA


M=]/ B8*M@AL^DLVXIHVHG.[6& @ D#ZS+KO*VR+46 P8[YKBVM4CNHN%I?:
MX^JMVXZ3R\G=]81]=!9(IJG18E3J/9)159\4&GH+F6:*:3V5-Z%*K^82USC


VBJWH]$A:



5F8*ZF14]S#GV'.N/C<9FLT#(%PZ*)GM%




/ A!VA!M&!/O

-P9&TKZM?DX/6+O4U@RM7_ST2L
NGA_%#S

M


M&GTJ'^V$:#T[MH&@&N9NH.J*_5 4/9^]U*C$NJ5;*1H+5QF*7HE3UKY8) ;G



MPG





MPIVCUU;IL:+X$JS [!
J2Q0

MEY 9W\MKXSJ




M=)3+&J.Q4SB
;N7X!(2
F#(UF0K-54X2GL*JD-*C,)$]\Q*ZD]V]E^LW2(



M_.J=[Y+X60O\UM;D!];OL V [K
KD9
F[D%6Z95+R/0!.S+PM!5#1XF!!#
Y0X4H3I=C$5%/E:CX5$8J,)7EQ\#L.!RZX5M%/
M30L58M\:[Q(,^924*<V+:HGLDTQ(?Y/.H1VE@J:J1//?EU'T
6]HTP+S+)3
MJ0F?F=1%DXOJ$S%
5FKF*Z 54=H+FVHSGZ?5V@?8IHVW


 L^#GYB;[UU[

;0D\]/D!O:!N\2G5PP87\
MU^S;[3T4(


M3&FJ



_ZW_\N'Z






ME5 4&O-ADAGHJ84_VJU.&Z8+W!


2D:.-'72N%[J6;[ED


M7O]OFZX^9R _Z;_A;E.$EXVC$?PWB$;]CHD-6A;AM&-V(YS=B:P]_N0.$6P1
M?M.TZ$F#H6SE0/X[VG'K8(%I3G[HIZVSTZ]W_=D^ZS&-]=A


XA(![XE=5?
MQSNHQ]/W
(]H;VP]#&?F#W(QC*P#PCH+8I?
S(O5
I'V#NPGC]]N'_#;E[


MY:S]AK&_@OB7=R:/]IXZ7AJ)#:38D&PG:F*\F\^WO=






ME)


^






M^

N/1877N)M[]]A;YVR




MT^@?K



9%$ WFGYA/%FEI0[Y9'(-AP7A@TN/P3P9RJ@F))*FT_GW4[47;ODOTWB4A




%LPQM=^W(!TQ
DX[4Q=+2?($
5EL8=!
FH2FYY?B
MU8+126V

MXKL8]N.+!L.^\

MNW9094






M1CT*UQ3YKKC


UH1W*Q=F
MZ5P^6Y'@N;8DC\


M%JS8@U/$OBIQ


4A=MKPQWS

M&_[L\_VY.E2


M+V

IW9F]2


&UV5?6MTNY

MSAJ


I?0U=0G-W7&DUUZEJ/'Y/)%$-O6A
M4)L'7T.C!.C22H6&%ZFXB@+W %*O1%CX.0(GOUM6GR3S85X?[HIB;AA(
S
&



M/



M&Y)H4AEV4WNQE\!


M#GSW\4HY
#L&VGNCFUM?@S[W?[7BG^OA-&0']-)XMNB4\LDAS_]E!B=(FP
M
Q

D7NFU7+6L:@42FT4RG55F/=C:2%



/IDQD;SNS\KJ9#
M!QS1P=$H&L)_U




M1[#VCFQ=P]
W'T');5R\M=5PM^:\]26O)C]



M65-68:$QDL4+HIH;^IH5F.:@U7[4@MIW(C?-M%$'-'V-




MAQ[E]33))%IG^Z&X)R#

M::Y#%1?2N;;W;E^#!$
ZG.%H#Z
+U%-1:_![Y4J*F Q\FFB]:R1;?T&%E1YI
M'JFVL83F_$@XJ*B9LL:F\BWY7/N)FHVU/



S\B91S^&33GC

3N\\EH


XIZZE


VA].:S=E+M_4U$#XZ6;9[OB.\;XKM1;8V
!H.$D+Z1)

M64?5)


M*DS


M&-
=6/7+.-
MIDOU@^3M8TXV.O)0^E^#PDLQ6A ;@R'!F2HTU^E1-!@/?/'X75 \/CHZCD:@
M;MTF:Y*
F)PQ&&F



P*F%E]^K:)K;W@:8'!
6JOQ$1S1U%P1

V:3Y%%58;/9:$8LD:7



M:YRVLHR08]2R; ;?SBS^(#[0;%$0C.YWG;&U9)WAV&X+N&+J\+;&A\+/=I@
MW3.6H5 =#;Q-8P++CGO@1[WRW[4=5BVPFG6-J5&:CM1SDD'W721S=&PE6P&

M=BFW3@*+D6U:!_;(GLU0Z)F80_ .'-H6:E

M/C;D#&?_A7-SB$[IVYW6 


H7%H4O6-@&+GF!#7(M

M;S6Z
RE/HACD'%U
Q *94RS;BR#9PY;


MNX/Z'H'UF!)UMQC? D]*
?EB9(EO#H#GG^W95
G)ASA(?4ER(.?#Z :8Q#P!


?4AM+#Z7E




M@;.CD42N;RF!
@
MSN_X+#H;::4X/ 4##5HICO$[[HRHBO9X]FR 0D9^]X.9X5##K6/?5G(Z=QW
MKO


H&N]!PHA/QLPDI4^!Y](M7/P_:_Z/G13%
_67ZJY8UQ;


Q!UW  24Y5%*+PISXVJQJ;BOM*F9



M

M95K-%(&FPG6G@S.NPW/W\.W?8FQ9BG5R
R*4GI3.*GQC^F-T3:+
T)?8NZ+.



M6&'75^=OKZZO'EJ0)9GX+


M&6:_^/3Q
GHX_Q]MD)XD !] U]P1T]




C1T0PX;@GIF_

/.F_EP*3-P)?'^RD9--UF%7@NR$_416

2NT]1HZD
MW$%GVF'Z!U+E


MN&ATTBRJ%Y\R&A@PKI$]+O[PZ\&I
RHDP99KF %J;MOB9?QT(83F#LNJN]
M14ON5G;LT7Z9D'A&N:0Z
FGU17Z?EQ91
E5R(['8WB:F;CY_;3M\=9&Z
ZMK

MDG\7]ZQBD07[ZFFZ]IKQ&/F Q9'WEJXJY.[ ^QQ01$(8@51DT=6VU*!QGXX0
M

^H


M3)-LE2F2#/J_'!90;3%



U5M]MP\_Z
M9ZT;/HR1-?L-GW[S?@/)C



@:1-JV9:)6A'*
1GUQ*7&YBH
*D8+-X1Q#F;S)8P%=R-T\+R&.FS%HPO3MX^Y2?TQV%@

M.@$N5*8$]4! QES7DD1O*

M!*?K'J*^ZM4)?W $UD]JA$08FSOY9' ^WAP=BE0] Z







B

M$=1V)T_FTJL]X]8!P

MFCI%-***2DK&=0MZCB.B?V.E JN;'A&=85/18QZ+K^E^+7O-5ZQ(?L/7;%Y@
% *#DKZS/A=!LH:=1QGX(R5F*]'%HH:- OUS
M4-
_33N$7;M+J(_'P:/5FB+F_I;A4)&3?SZ\.T0%B3(_L8CP2XX55M+=6)JU

1]M UCKAC$%)WZMN



MN?_Z:%COY-R9$8UJ[(^^NRI%6O3)XZ.V7X_-;XUD
OT*&V2T_3X^&06_7YA2

J[#5?G2%5\$C&@WI2


MG7@PII*!_BD##9SB)IYPUW1
W
7UAHX97MMI(.<;HZ=.T1P
MY;<

DJ[&N%6/?V&4<-9$45(<_,<T-P&=]JG
MOS-D#(59I.ZG:P!5;!IT*T%5S4;&;&-M/WIP1)F2(^O!TPC[3^R-3PL:!@\
MQ[I)FFGHY[L$I83D?O-]A^!IS*PTU.;6AL09\Q1IQM'_#4ORSHW \0DT
M*Y;)KX7B$[AC3W;EU+$#



MN$4(MC'Y*NW67[8(JMK^^_O4?U(])ROJ$NPK4(WW*!BY2S;W*^
W2)?G[YL$





M*=5_Z--]R1 D=Z.MYC=E-^E5N_%C@X

M#(0-L5#^@D?+\^




M


F&OF/3'E6O7IJK07/.


M@[@49E1BT)$-EHDDR_>712R(LL8#6 YJ#2/,&38IO5&5:2:14I8$#!$J8


M308-N1.MW&U_Y))ZIJ.U(GP_!$U0N__F\X42 _ZZEL[R[O
MKGXY?[CZY3*ZNKE_N/O


;A*_8'




M\Q?(IKH0KEXYW$H5(7
<^9P)UCG,
M2,'E^7.Q*E!,(\RC@)_A<=%O12

M$#K08U]\ZTOB $2GG7Q:6 0/3FTC3NPWS61J&=4C^@$J* ^FP%_!PE#\NQ..

&RDC3S@T]D4=M8/5'RXZ


5U36H4*\7+3[]







MF65(M%BLG1CB) $R\3F:0.+.&ZS&K*L8UE'
-D 1Y*ATHZTG.^NP%R6\*L7K



M



MQ#P#6^$G%%K8.M

MX5?_A9
$@T!
 1P&)S6B AV$47TW&;-_GB\R .0A/Z*@UT?2Q4^OG5IN@=QW

G1F-6'&8K@I5^Z=.RQ[..$JXPL(@Z6






/LC=-I=Y!V!Y@YE?9[W70XA8ZZ?PQ[_70R@#2R
M:=KO$FC!:?(Q!_&8W$
?:
0^127MNL?&R


//V]W?DIZ
MZ:0#A('^%;1)VEWVHE?8?B


^Q?



5'VXO;R
MW=5]\O[\HH%X^\Z#
;X#CVYS.NY1S2M*H0%Y?(!N^8F@!N15^F186BO*B2
M6_&0K7X3_WZQW?D*?)@E!%4UCM&7[$7-72VL!:\%?9.GD^+Y:_I3D0YXJ;FD

MI6W)-+DCON#^R.=G&:0P/YHX)UZ_4!Q8/__[R$$0:KG;;T_ZW^//1NWIY/L*









M==O [&J[!2U-
P@=D XP<

MR[A+\-&]3I_
)D
_TAV%]- 4;\_G7$92E%Q*Y18S.4/M3W7#'0
\VZ;BI


Y
S
0Y[@

=&Y/YO0-P*[W


M_E)XG

%AV2:E*0%B(.=H


MG/T9+]GR&;^Q1-;:8N4IS%ZK;K;4TU%(#+W1G[VB)L7E&GBJ$/$,R1]XR?T
M]A:##W*G\B_6_M.B2JRP0!WN]]*KAM@YP)0ZT%$^JD-_3P#^[#=C8^/M
MZ




A _X1Z(%/.!_3R:1T#?4HE/M$&N0
?:[DJ?74

M.V

 4QC?QP8?34!+XB



MQ:D






\ D=]
M7K

MZG?E:6C*A4T+


#)+. 5.W];*
M)[L-V2H%(!DVC^FT^59
X;P9A^% C8! ?.W90[[] OH0*/GPY:XW1[+'1T#0

0\]&;NV9; !V*


M(6O!:H;Y);@-4%$HD6W]??ZP(0#2:1SN /F.YD&\=W]:V2ONC06.7D19(Q4
M2T/3%3E4_%XI(1U=D#'$SG(R]J1KOL'.$WT)5 (K_]\4:(Q6A*WEG$@1?+(Y
M6K,B?L-2WY-DTH%$H$EOY#[,&JC6F%+YR%^0LA%[ RQJ&9RJ/Y+$TQC\'1S

KI@#E)
MNVB
3-


S0W*4/W]3C*'(BL0

[4Z.=U%$Z4/7B9R:H_&N(\-


L9+





JF';)[_TG/ M$=D?NW8B; )&V
YYW;ZH:A#U42?Y!EF-UXA7L

M*-PV+/WH


HA
!(PT=ZBTC8PFO5

;)EI<5 TGM3RG#T0&)<Z'UG4\CC\#FG(6=4=0:)%KSQ

GL*I^[]N%:I $0W
C# <=P
MJI9]H7&;SVO-(X@+(SD=*XSXK3V'S'(
2LP'B9!\KN$:RCR_ASNOU^E/4M;M


M)[A6^&_B9Z9#T&M/DN^ATL;]=]3NNO].VGWWWRMS
@0@TFH1G+[;;_?P=?CO

S/L6_=SNX()?':+]\;0]Q






)]J$4W/K$$

M=WOPWR[41JD9^H^Z8%:*
.E


ZZ&S#5


MS5UOO=YAL!L87RV\36P

M2)]39U_L7_



MK^D14%'5

(%WM1^N^ '#6





MSDZISW-[UOFC:X#!Q5*IVP
TJI&$Z6H^%OF#*EW/
E9[9




M-Q


W6E



_K&;/[+.Q!EG?!B*%21M $3



^6X=JZGO#+
Y_=73-^



?WE]=
MWS$DAF1\![N[ARO,!.1K341LKXKBQPR-Y=IXJW3Y]VJ()!+3)?$3--7N:CM
MZ5QX 6\.H.:;

AI]KU#0XQNX3@5 M4
M(%!#;];D1F'5&S8

MI6!D;ZJMEL+6V@\0'G'.




]9*I.XV2#)#\9IEWE&]6$AN=F2F&&<<_A










U\_9%ZI6F2?




M$%42P-G*37Y**9Q(?/B
(4B-NQR*)\4?!/O3B2*.B!;HC!-O!C!+/&#4 5 F

TA2;


!P_*9Y5!2;R:


M



A;K(K@]PN

S4ED3-HV

M4






^)L8
8
MW_RMA14FF P(XFWKCHR5VY-IPZ=K[F:VNZU

.J3






Z?X54;5KS9$F93Z)=:]UB\V(8Z:9 CTJE0W

M

08[C7VRL.M14
J;[J15


M07LR'GZ?S'RS
](;^@;;,=L#2$^0_$2V[<J3CT7%]$L/N2S;%<R*ZGO!O9J'2%CH
UC

H@]]C..25- .^@$F2_*64FYATG$ O[[9[

54$R^D&I 2_M8U8X? U=F\6%))K5V2
MEI0[:STXDHZF@!(9VD3A*&HW*F!XT64)Y5Z^ -^/SENJP:K]!_*.@3['\%!=

Y2YEG 5





F-XUPQ(P3Y3KDRD@/)1!_D5#=( DOA^.&140CL?]VM

TX$UDKO.-KBKQ'_'5[
?
ELQEMPU
MC98/_;(6C0AC1.M%.X26VFVKTGJ].GPV2&&#)7V JUTT4L*./[:LN*;\W=;W



]!U^IYK








(A01\BU5]=7.C1H)OX24OUQ47
WUY6'A3_XXV;)?(([G$<-K5ZB]$LGAV
M6W5\/F1E,6-O[Q))@1M=H3]BE4MR6=79XUL]15O[94O5?S@:9TQE%<+1J^






GW/K\C]C2LQ!LI
RD%X2WFLU


MAL\HM


%3/Y5VF0_8S^L9[];8@JJ#B4


9Y7#
+QCVI(4P
D6\99Q8WBF!$'

LW1

=IG





M''QT=/4  S:7(SP$A6FSIR+_G(M6+;O!2D*BKM&B&OZG=
Y7]*SE#)!.H$$X
MHY+0.E#J


:BKB0REC?].9Q!Z'
M]-N3U2LCMCG,+?E@FJH18DUH#4R=UBP!S =2-R,5HGP]04@
WZJ7@H_%#)
M2;O





M=;JTR
F8=)*9F7UB(ALWY68):0CT6.HUL)#_I1]AGF&6??@FLX, 4/
II1



_^W/0G@S=G[<-D]EK]T?8XGB(?_3@Y7/.P,)#+:XI
M2EEZM;4-FI1WT+T*M!6T;W/&]/XQ$9.<_0[JV3UG7$I!PC)\ZJ_O\T!FQCV

M

!10.'G?:@#S[
18[W&^9VOZ![
M [)V!H-T
*!TBS'._J=#11##=-*9I)2L

M2REZ0;4';DM-0#HQDE]@+V9^@%)Q)%)
Q7DT4A]


&#F#KPO $IH7=2@6;)B%8:50K5F

MS@GR&)-T:=#8:P1--YV

M5^]^@=&].[)03T(D/(/]T11S)X
^:/)(V#-0(Y[@'L9B_
\.VLA&.7,A^J


MV)
?IAJ(-1O;:.TW7JL-J_''W+(D0-Q5


&V1&(07#J
NEL4


LM\\)]B

NZGK*'I
MP#,4]P9=V)ALR#(P^B6]#LABYP[6%)2

MRS'C@384(]




M\;CC0HC

*


M-4./)P
SP



@C-672G8[@+[VD.Y@23E&W SDC
MO4$R'!* -^$-P8_M!E#Y!2&XR7#J[%; [8$2/!P_W^[=SD9'.EW(P3];42
M\/3)1^W#H1Y&:PZ'8K[OGCM)QJ[/T)^/3*40=17O6X+;0JHNG<K!?JA3+:
M^)B:]T*'TZ)H0<P'B.8Z8*#X'21TFZ!*!3?50_B@+QN^$TM19P1*%72-=4L

$)3%[[ZFP^O1 ;&X6.
17PJJ6 FK



(Q
]J<TBFQQUS6%^


_.]PK$
M

M-I#E#/3'GN^P
ZI4R5_^\O'R^CZYNG[_Z?9C?0E^3N%1$HJPW'N*[JO-F6*E
,?SDVZ*ZL\+--B1<-4LG!$W-'=F@3RY]+4F_*#Z^ZA2
MD/KQ$-8+PF+#7@+\S2*0!FW$5.(BU<-W2*O#%&P3'4_)APM\)'X(RE[=-:
MBL'MU,F4(LRV#N0_28H]K%%.XV^%-![_/M#ON\

<]S^Z?)E)L4;\*P]83+5&[XD,Y\[M:_!E&2'

?I0YJ



71
MP.W4==/A.L@[,A)K_^6'0E^6O\X;*M6./




@&T-:MIS:Q5N


MA\EHU N+O]!T;EC*OWAN/PU

MJVZWT=M/'JT$=+;VW3I7VU&G[H\Y9#44[
?OX$GM]@UW;R?:NO]
&[?7O&NC


^L'F B/V@



H/&Z:33PQV;]KM]Q+1!@!OT+;@E'[B53*?.!.YVW/I/ NZMA$G


CYPHW60
F@S#:86)'#EA


W57X!@!];KI:#1)


MR!2_T4HX]&?5 #C0GV
MAL'0-3.@9C 8.91FT(JX/
#S%I#&P?W]1MJW3KN'
M2T@XGZUNISUDZMQ.&P/\GG/M*[G@WCZS1]/#O:W_1TZE
()]TV3V_\DG\V#_


=^X0]W;F(3B_AC2?\Q/



_@ *?D



TT9



!)E:;^98RF=?



$Y@#WJ4H]0:(Y7V#
^-

=VB ^GD5]2





LB1H)


&^]

MA)Y#9I.QB

&FW:R;QCTF6-@D

 /$HBVQ34W?6





GY8/F%'BWTP 7







$%'_#[I&

M
1V]=TR S82V@AQ2;A&W!+0






MQ1_KY:OD=E)X,[E*FF+_^9D,M8P*/*A=!@)!DH J4I^;0C# ;=F[EM#G)A





M&CEP?GQ&5' 3!?&\5@'D'CJ3Z$C1
@!K% \4'(P*1&K['X;SJ)H:H$YU161O

M'RF!.
MQA-#3+2V]Z U%=7N5N_*%4K[64G=
=@= 0.:+C!R?JZ 7 !3
N4]S




MDY+RRRNM4:&Z!:3=N.
Q&8]5L$U)^:6?&=5UD_!\UJ_1*KGP]TBQEM1X4X

DT)7^:0,LU<]$Y+/AE:_\,3*L/:=8_\1S \C'DS]4!M[^

G^
M@B$^(]3HR].$GU),2*$EH-HE[TTIW)S(AE



BUU[7'.TN
MO'84 


1EG)FR

MEV46


MU[)8)IS38;^II=#S(W_&/F\BY

VBF 'H@'F GJLBIC\&[FGZU#ZJ;G/6
M^0J,^/'08Y!6,VW\&X:.=%3#FXA+ P['41?]SZ=
AQ

MYWQK
T@2ED*L;(F
NR


MF\=MZ(S#W/@LC8=33RA;@08

/)<1ZBG@5.+QN\EFHKP^1&L54W_PYS


MN:4](S!.0!@\VZ[/GHGW_15KO)Q%CA5[YY47JE\

MZK%BDXY:98IJ;V@18 _K'934D5JTC!P46#.RE#RF9]G+JQQ-9[?
D!RZD7





[1
/H;_)OFBR:BE






JV$%(LT
MZ#U6W)Q1$*!EM#ZLRXH=\N$16!RJRF0(=Z

M0O

_RC
7#O
GPET9G4K)I[_1(OLF

MJ'QP0KS\U9C+S.D#K%^RWOBT :



]1?B\I-W$M#S6H









MHM\N40:U\O9CFU6.@K)K99RGH'\Y;9TV!-]Z]+R[%#8 U+3&IZ D'_KAGHJ2





4S,#
M1.4#3$=*BSI)@5XASWZI@D-V+,7NEXR*3?@<.7W.B8 SBNJ1B'WFM.6?LL@

X9

!LU3X@&

7G M-BX
J



//A^KN






M
R.\]79^YP]P$ZRD9(9W^NQ




;IUV?'

0U9?D?0WS8#%J0@N1^ ;K6+7$:LY]
VR)0Y(D4HO/%B;@&.[1







+K^H'\%PQ

M=;.VH9WN#!W-49(@VM90Q((]Z=Q!HQ?6S\VN-.YO1E
5H]

82]

R%]H





9_=9&



=



HLRL*/R!G^\&I_WKH+^^/IF




MT*E\*U)_M47_-[RSHML6/!L93P&SX_';CU'G[_#;=T$3_V4-+&WQ^I\V7=E.
M)'[3?W&U*4)G*?#4%%Y.&@43BSR+TF878*S:XNUQ]]\IIFEG#0M:BF*Q59&
MXK]FQ:V#!:8YZ:%WO+.37U?][9]U2F-M&5/'L;;;9?R+HS#_9Z3A(6[I\H5

SFBLO\K3ERDN)]#Z/2E:5N1A!(R92;G%H_-&(

KA:0)S_0[,\[
M;?ABDBVR[)D& RV( ,(5ZW\B!*6-G$
(P\2W+N@VW%E?4W9[F+)5T^2]3E\
M ;3

@LOYEPU#?K+%'T1W\64L*59F
MCDOR*J)&%%+2DBV!@05DE#*-4[[=
 )@9(@:G0E#R;_:++BVQ9&S;94]%R2L
MS&EY=H$7F\O*ESM+=77W2R?_ ;
.DR2J;GK:\*FOQQ0XF$]/WM5ZH4E(D







12
6!+LW^[=8H15QE8PK&5L!
/







VB6C[J.MS &#GF9+XI+P=1L









M1:/*!#9[5*CLIA


CX)@968 &Q4VIR 49$

+2Y&]+/O



G%23T]9;??MHZN]?- U[D6:!4$C768+
MDC>-[K



F^+CC#.]*7=SE%F9ECQ; 4;9]





M7O

M
MW!84I@ZZ&M(VJ%#ZF10$@U8[Z&IU#=T?.9=ZQ)G6L#$4Y(2;E8$(P);UHS




M@+1Y+[T(GV7Z_A273


M



ME32ZP8W(LJ0 N8:^*VMI$RW







M(GP+2/FUN$N)26$*
J

M:Z-QJH48\5'BN.M(YU9%J=1V9'JE/&U'W2B=KXCU8[M$Y7^YXHN#_S(L+%




M+BE^3T1;F/ 6]/?O[5X[OI:' Q3'8+:%$QWMO_L __%'LFNV*C11)7PKPB
4^A*C2W+GD#+[+5?D[P#[L*#W-N!UVHS3$C#S0!\(D!JVLBP.%?S3C





3XJ#HII\TT

+I6JFVU%-07MCK:$GQ]


_187[4



!!1$V:BWFT9CO?<4PX%&
MOKC9.=Z:T5)43QKVL+E3A<#99)Z$[Z;9FN

2Q$-5ORYTH4@:;&9Q1
MZ/JVD(AI





6$ZZ-].0&(0I69E0=HJ8

&


AHM!O//XVAB2Z+.:EW4=55'49.EK




Z$70P&9
#T#DM+A!K(OD V\%J



\8:;!G0


VJIJ)/3@HQ






8KO&$A (WZ&T?4]

<






L@0B8XC2B%ERVL

 8+6#*Q*


M-[ )=+DPQ+
PUW$Z.NE AA#Q5@N2S[F0$Q.&S'J C.._EY$P+38.4-!, 6

DU.HX]OQH535:B^49@X
=T=1

ST#.62UP2NZ)S


M

%%0XJ\7VD7U/








02UR#8'F4D6F.?O*005
M:$WV2Y_L.+F'H.DQ+VP##&EA9(

6#[

MF1G%!70Q*)(^50N9[;6KB0.VEH!4?48' M9WHVAP; TG5,_KA3/-HM.&4BQ
M;C=FC0]S0;C]OK4@LNX6 Q;(R@@VBA_CLEH*OD%L'X'YJ^GZ](\NTB+ZO
MD.$MBG?!:;$0#-EU\9VL4%0E3#'BSTNQJ,R%KHB$6JL2M,+5N.%A'[1)36
M(E)?CU



@*.H3$G&M$P;#1* 4([0:T5
MMA*QFDQ]M:AI(=*T! SJ-ZTIK6@D8$CU@M*N?Z?EC
*TFZB2*68_\ U
Z6W$

M5'


^T5T[ %XK%1
ML?AI^?A$\-P/?%7
R6VRIHQ E.1#

M





S'E])L_/*?1<L



 9F1LP/;;I6!IOV


MWI=3D#Q!HB

M[F*ZHIT\HPJ1!C;








M(D$!D5&C(^(AFQ8N&'QL4J0*3
 KIM/L$LIAL*0Z1@9T0P3BE*R6K1BE
\^0


MA(*10&O]:!4^D\NTN?OA.Z!(56X,# *EBL,8X\Q;0SO"B^X\0!,G8E0LMM
M#ELQU'K04P37)%


MYH/AZ'(\N2XW2^G;?YH]TOR'^O;./^S.!:L%W6&B#)[#P8+
=6-@.#?;#5J1
M=T [;/U5'TP/C^+DG\W K7\$BU]&,&S-2I6\ 1IL70%#S2:_48Y-L#% [K

MHM=2T



MW7#!8M*FYZ

FB
(5E U+K1$&2-(A4HFZ8@I;K)W(TN
68


M72#*M)6GR3ALP#['82LBF@16!XP84?Z1)CLQ
MY.._+39 *DA$4X\*@G!'W9
M#%JMV#:P$I1;P5;^13A6-T;I6A*=YK_)A((U*&P9VRX-E:JH0;:J3G06ZFGA


MRZ5P9$?)


/&KB=_ZONLL?C/Y6$7-^ZH$HQ(L#0.BLMX(%==GU&0C(YMW
M6 '^Y2F;[UV!-0)MN%PJ;J=#G2]7;M/M3K=H(5:;Z?MO76
YM8R68D5K0-
MRZEZDV=J'>ABZMQ,+

M6)4DC-MD@&EC!7@ZN6$2)12J17%;I




9QR.NR
XD(N-YCQ
MPD25\TOB2G6I.A$6QR(@;_@CB46Y+$SR4LR-VV! (228PJ2 =8/K#%L0+.-
MX)=Q]51%V.D87T?F0T@$;9% S@F7WRB%'OOMIA'QE-5(DV;T$S*S70T@+.4



MT(7VTCA&F;_5JLX5:A&[@?!GTFH+E11SK]_($(1SM\U_1+[



M?%2T&$5/ 321(LA.I;E +!1 TYYP\F[5+AB5F7  5W-ABLQ




+BB

1_!W


MNQU/NY


M7P+CQO3 8PXVCVG;.32&O=Q!TG/-Y^ZZVM9TYX2L-G?LKWW)]DL
KYQ;L=/4[6&RHY4M18JG*MJ#1T[7-5:
M*3YAWU$,(BWBM@_B-<K_?$T)P(?X0
5)28TCQQ6#&*RQIIQFP=HA:T!HHJT
M\XY 

E:_B:NNN2UK*A%SLEFM



M\ BP*OC^]AH^/UGE%:J^6=C(HV56MZ06!$KY&7P)3
GZ(C0).#^#QR




]S



(0



M1TPRV84BAQQ9E 47
=;1)F7\RJ(E\O=5I


T
[F0.

H8D(((7HN
3MKN
MB

T8
MC\B1.;X

D80YOA#P[*\T_J)49F
M%8;S8FO5Q8J5SJ+
RO4O7KHB0W /$ZRX%NHZ'^I#D(7SK2\#46=ZSK=KX1H[



)H7- U[7!D7A3

C59$5(FWL(O(%F

G35#;-+)WW(&*%/58O14$&U $C

LU#C+&#%KM'JC1+!4)N@

M=X[9=

 0EB1_[P@^







ML.V'_0:TVJUO_[&(K' 02([@



@\9
/CZ.@B#SBPP.$I=!K$*6?E-RCC7EI)CQ






XQ# P


*T*/ZC3O++_0_H=P%YNGI?WP1
.X

UH+N_\##&O^A
MA]73VQ]V6/U]__C#ZN_WAQ_6@FY_]&%-?F3;_]S#6M#]'WA8DS_TL'IZ^\
.
MJ[_O'W]8_?W^\
-:T*WWL!:; G*F9PP#*; .B!=S5@+$%_@87 T^#ZY@1?;
M# Q;9H6L)PG'X1II?8%G0YD\7F+2]7I9'S@(V-1_/Q)/[4YD'^JX#EC=L)D

MNZLXN&/+5/1\0?.C.9?%?IQ_5]HDYEZIKX(-M)\M)2/_HP7MLI@-=Y^LVU(V











MP8RWRT=,D*N=D(GXJ-+#3#TQ@'(W#IULX-N_P)ONE?IX+=]AOA[_J%6N^B^
M)9E 68T^^U 1+CQ,W[ZM0@/W_MZ^?[RV0#9.%88/5IRQL;]6D48MJYSUSC_

M_HJ6UF=TOJLN'-'72=]R$7*%(C?L3A+-8.;GEU])S*!]?PU5GX42/V:Q:-


M$P!J9S?SPG5#0S+F;1?





AN.+85]]P569\?:A^ITW^8C#BA=




MD4V]MZ2D50-\5MCQ-?6*O(CR^35]^GO+UV?+MQ(W-K
M8J$]1M28UP:.R.


1\'X

M7




@@=P)

M1Q$ ?#+X-!A-.3:9\


OR942CP^)F_$(J:TF=%KZ37
M




M@=2XP%21+56AY#Y=MW#) 



E=UBSAN.#
MEX^/F3UF+E
EKWD/EMKLB3SR:'WA6J3F&#B
^OF *N\][(+9RYY?K-Y3Q0


X@2@I5#GJ3$4B44Q04T)M\#13*DIY_PT^5$X;6@G*P/YE







P2X]3TU*ZV;^I1[^^.:DD[AA/L6AR

H_])6%.JW#H_W2.W6:W*'Z\VV-/OE(X^]D%$K6T;[O

M?HG#1N0:4C^%LPU^#RJH:0







M





ML#LZ







S@_




6/('
R8C?9^]R)YL-N8K3&W7

MET)=O0'V.GDWF;CWQU=C^U'M.(; 

MX?-GX+]^;M('[

M@]:@\R.&P0K1 %XC2I:2F*@$

M(US(.K?-8'^7S?*1HYT9@8323N 46D/HYT@I+/F-GM2+:^




56NHO

$
M%     @ 0W=54++1W&)50  ?E@   \   !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6S%G%US



_U9T
MN-+?[$_9^I3O=W117;C-LQ_'M\_56[&B+_R5I:O[ZU:G)5;?3_MIOCEEA\GJ
ME










M

MRRP


6\


M!_CZ_*'G-%K,FAEAJ.1./K,XL8/1T3J://K X86S-+$ZFCSZP.&%LS
9%3


M

12


I!B;
M63$XJ*+'?FRD&)M9
1A3;YM#I)QAD]N_C+8Y1
H9-KG]RZCT(5+.L-%(FE'I
M2$%#9@5A3*/2D86&S!;F/J -$06&C);&
.=4QDH2&SA3#F2


MD






MX*.7S![#YQ[!B@\?-EA-A$&[1N@\/AEA]E%^-FX6:+P &:'V4;XZ;@)H]E


X
M--Y'-&Z%$P




Z@3NEYE


5

MJ :=2;5]+IH;;11F

3B<7K;K^=?3XW3<WGW=/LY3#*%.I\MK;#Z\O[SF
GVQ=^<;G-_RXSC_G]L?









M'GJ]!^@]]'H/T'OH]1Z@]]#K/4#OH==[@-[#H=6A6

M%/ $!]$QP'0I



O0CV\D





M[@=_2VAGH^O6[K5V0Q_:?6UT^]V9;MP]Y[VKC?M:#W[AZ-A'?TT(KY?#/?;Z
!_!FUT.KSO5[]<CAB2(X'D2$Y
DB.')*C
M@.0H(3DJ2 Y1E 4485JE!


A:4F0M*;*6%%E+BJPE1=:2
M(FM)D;6DR%I29*THLE8462N*K!5%UHHB:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR5A1915%H%46Q



0,  D1   8

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4
M     !#=U50I32%





  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H
M965T-RYX;6Q02P$% 
%$( @  C 4  !@              ( !52P  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M=',O<VAE970Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55U()E-L0$  -(#   9


M%     @ 0W=54&@0%)VU 0  T@



2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !#=U50!UF5/[4!  #2
M P  &0              @ %G


3




M970Q-YX;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 0W=54%@&TRU 0  T@
  !D







4



M;6Q02P$% ,4     !#=U507&Y:T[8!  #2 P  &0              @ $^

Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55##





M   W!   &0              @ %




O


M   ( $-W55 7@WR_MP$  -(#   9                1%[  !X;]W;W)K



YX;6Q0
M2P$% 

M]0$  


M ( !'8


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !#














  !D              ( !



M:&5E=#8V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55!/KNVT#P(  !4&   9
&UL4$L! A0#%


M:&5E='

4     !#=U50IH:H3B0&  V)P

M 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55#
J
2[*00  .@6   9                0L  !X




M4$L! A0#%     @ 0W=54/(H^2




M='

YX;6Q02P$% 


4

4)   9

M A0#%     @ 0W=54*!;)P1N @  H0@  !D              ( !\NH  'AL


M4
RS:%D1 @  ]P4  !D              ( !)?

O

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !#=U50 FS]X.4  !^P  &0





3 P+GAM;%!+ 0(4


3 Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55!;$T0AV@0

3 R
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55 A LGS0(  /H,   :              

M+W-H965T

  .D.   :                ?0N 0!X;]W

3 V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55#O(47A?0(

3 W


3 X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W

M+W-H965T
3 Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55!A!_-(^P8   @N   :

3$P+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( $-W55 P@?\6 P(  !X&   :                :-$ 0!X;]W

3$Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55 2\;5F
@(

3$R

3$S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W
M55#&UJG
NP(   4

M+W-H965T
3$T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W5564YG'04   0=   :

3$U+GAM;%!+ 0(4


3$W

  #@

3$X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W


3(P+GAM;%!+ 0(4


3(R

3(S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W


3(U+GAM;%!+ 0(4

3(X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W
M55H&_6G 
  &

M+W-H965T


M+W-H965T
3
T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55 _P^Y34@(  

'   :

3
U+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( $-W55#-Y17!ET! )]+!0 4                12I 0!X;]S
M:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $-W55(

M                4P& P!X;]S='EL97



&UL4$L%!@    0 )  QB<  '$9 P    $!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December&#160;31
 2019
 net returns from these activities were 
 respectively
 and were included as a reduction of cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. These activities include programs under which Bunge generally obtains U.S. dollar-denominated letters of credit (&#8220;LCs&#8221;)
 each based on an underlying commodity trade flow
 from financial institutions and time deposits denominated in either the local currency of the financial institutions' counterparties or in U.S. dollars
 as well as foreign exchange forward contracts
 and other programs in which trade related payables are set-off against receivables
December&#160;31
 2019
$3
$4
729 million
 respectively
 were presented net on the consolidated balance sheets as the criteria of ASC 210-20
 
December&#160;31
 2019
 time deposits
 including those presented on a net basis
 carried weighted-average interest rates of 
December&#160;31
 2019
 
$3
318 million
$4
$8
174 million
 respectively. These cash inflows are offset by the related cash outflows resulting from placement of the time deposits and repayment of the LCs. All cash flows related to the programs are included in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







(US$ in millions
9
10
10
10
41
(1
(1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
(1
(1
(1
(1
10
12
11
11
45
2
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
Earnings per share attributable to Bunge common shareholders for both basic and diluted is computed independently for each period presented. As a result
 the sum of the quarterly earnings per share for the years ended December&#160;31
 



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







 of total Cost of goods sold in each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 of total Net sales in each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
In addition
 Bunge receives services from and provides services to its unconsolidated investees
 including tolling
 port handling
 administrative support
 and other services. During the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 receivables and payables related to the above related party transactions
 and included in Trade accounts receivable and Trade accounts payable
 respectively
 in the consolidated balance sheets were not material.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Year Ended December&#160;31
(US$ in millions
(1
(1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
(1
141
492
140
968
140
365
734
899
141
492
141
703
141
265
077
 stock options and contingently issuable restricted stock units
December 31

 
December 31

 weighted-average common shares that are issuable upon conversion of the convertible preference shares that were not dilutive and not included in the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
 respectively.



































































