

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-17-006635
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170614
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170614
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Castle Brands Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001311538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32849
		FILM NUMBER:		17911578
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 EAST 42ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4700
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10168
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-356-0200
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 EAST 42ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4700
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10168








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549




FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017

[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Commission
file number 001-32849

Castle
Brands Inc.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
                                         or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
                                         Employer
Identification
                                         No.)




122
    East 42nd Street
 Suite 5000
    
    

New
    York
 New York
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code (646) 356-0200




Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of Each Class
    
Name
    of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common
    stock
 $0.01 par value
    
NYSE
    MKT


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:



Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    Large accelerated filer
[X]
    Accelerated filer

    
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    Non-accelerated filer
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    Smaller reporting company

    
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    Emerging growth company
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the September
30
 2016 closing price was approximately $74
623
615 based on the closing price per share as reported on the NYSE MKT on such
date. The registrant had 163
122
883 shares of common stock outstanding at June 9
 2017.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part
III (Items 10
 11
 12
 13 and 14) of this annual report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement
for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or an amendment to this annual report on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year covered by this report.





    
    


CASTLE
BRANDS INC.
FORM
10-K


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
PART
    I
    

    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    

    
    
    

    
PART
    II
    

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    

    
    
    

    
PART
    III
    

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

    
PART
    IV
    

    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    

Item
    16.
Form
    10-K Summary
    

    
    



    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business




We
develop and market premium and super premium brands in the following beverage alcohol categories: rum
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
and tequila. We also develop and market related non-alcoholic beverage products
 including Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer. We distribute
our products in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia and in thirteen primary international markets
 including
Ireland
 Great Britain
 Northern Ireland
 Germany
 Canada
 France
 Finland
 Norway
 Sweden
 Denmark
 and the Duty Free markets.
We market the following brands
 among others:



    
    
Goslings
    rum

    
    
Goslings
    Stormy Ginger Beer

    
    
Goslings
    Dark &lsquo;n Stormy

    
    
&reg;
    

    
    
Jefferson&rsquo;s
    Reserve

    
    
Jefferson&rsquo;s
    Ocean Aged at Sea

    
    
Jefferson&rsquo;s
    Wine Finish Collection

    
    
Jefferson&rsquo;s
    The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail

    
    
Jefferson&rsquo;s
    Chef&rsquo;s Collaboration

    
    
Jefferson&rsquo;s
    Wood Experiment

    
    
Jefferson&rsquo;s
    Presidential Select&trade;

    
    
Jefferson&rsquo;s
    Straight Rye whiskey

    
    
&reg;
    

    
    
&reg;
    

    
    
Knappogue
    Castle Whiskey

    
    
&reg;
    

    
    
&reg;
    

    
    
Tierras&trade;
    tequila

    
    
Celtic
    Honey

    
    
&reg;
    

    
    
The
    Arran Malt

    
    
The
    Robert Burns Scotch Whiskeys

    
    
Machrie
    Moor Scotch Whiskeys


Our
brands

We
market the premium and super premium brands listed below.

Goslings
. We are the exclusive global distributor (other than in Bermuda) for Goslings rums
 including Goslings
Black Seal Dark Rum
 Goslings Gold Seal Rum and Goslings Old Rum. The Gosling family produces these rums in Bermuda
 where Goslings
rums have been under continuous production and ownership by the Gosling family for over 200 years. We hold an 80.1% controlling
interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 or GCP
 a global export venture between us and the Gosling family. GCP has the exclusive
long-term export and distribution rights for the Goslings rum products for all countries other than Bermuda. The Goslings rum
brands accounted for approximately 24% and 26% of our revenues for our 2017 and 2016 fiscal years
 respectively. We also are the
exclusive global distributor (other than in Bermuda and various regional markets) of Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 an essential
 rum cocktail and the Goslings Dark &lsquo;n
Stormy

Jefferson&rsquo;s
. We develop and market four premium
 very small batch bourbons: Jefferson&rsquo;s
 Jefferson&rsquo;s
Reserve
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Ocean Aged at Sea and Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select. Each of these four distinct premium Kentucky
bourbons is blended in batches using select barrels of certain mash bills and ages to produce specific flavor profiles. We also
market Jefferson&rsquo;s Straight Rye Whiskey
 a premium whiskey distilled from 100% North American rye
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Chef&rsquo;s
Collaboration
 a blend of bourbon and rye
 Jefferson&rsquo;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink cocktail
Jefferson&rsquo;s Wine Finish Collection
 bourbons aged in wine barrels
 and Jefferson&rsquo;s Wood Experiment
 innovative wood-finished
bourbons.

Clontarf
. Our family of Clontarf Irish whiskeys currently represents a majority of our case sales of Irish whiskey.
Clontarf
 an accessible and smooth premium Irish whiskey
 is distilled using quality grains and pure Irish spring water. Clontarf
is then aged in bourbon barrels and mellowed through Irish oak charcoal. Clontarf is available in single malt and classic versions.


    
    


Knappogue
. We developed our Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a single malt Irish whiskey
 to build on both the popularity
of single malt Scotch whisky and the growth in the Irish whiskey category. Knappogue Castle Whiskey is distilled in pot stills
using malted barley and is aged twelve years. We have introduced Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle
Whiskey. The whiskey is matured for sixteen years in two types of wood resulting in a perfectly balanced single malt Irish whiskey
with a complex
 rich taste and a slightly sweet sherry finish. Knappogue Castle 1951 is a pure pot-still whiskey that was distilled
in 1951 and then aged for 36 years in sherry casks. The name comes from an Irish castle
 formerly owned by Mark Edwin Andrews
the originator of the brand and the father of Mark Andrews
 our chairman.

Brady&rsquo;s
. Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream
 a high quality Irish cream
 is made in small batches using Irish whiskey
dairy fresh cream and natural flavors.

Boru
. Boru vodka
 a premium vodka produced in Ireland
 was developed in 1998 and is named after the legendary High King
of Ireland
 Brian Boru
 who united the Irish clans and drove foreign invaders out of Ireland. It is five-times distilled using
pure spring water for smoothness and filtered through ten feet of charcoal made from Irish oak for increased purity.

Celtic
. Celtic Honey is a premium brand of Irish liqueur that is a unique combination of Irish spirits
 cognac
and a taste of honey. Gaelic Heritage Corporation Limited
 an affiliate of one of our bottlers
 has the exclusive rights to produce
and supply us with Celtic Honey.


.
We have the exclusive U.S. distribution rights (excluding duty free sales) for Pallini Limoncello and its related brand extensions.
Pallini Limoncello is a premium lemon liqueur
 which is served ice cold
 on the rocks or as an ingredient in a wide variety of
drinks
 ranging from martinis to iced tea. It is also used in cooking
 particularly for pastries and cakes. Pallini Limoncello
is crafted from an authentic family recipe. It is made with Italy&rsquo;s finest Sfusato Amalfitano lemons that are hand-selected
for optimal freshness and flavor. There are two other flavor extensions of this Italian liqueur: Pallini Peachcello
 made with
white peaches
 and Pallini Raspicello
 made from a combination of raspberries and other berries.

Tierras
. &ldquo;Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco&rdquo;&trade; or &ldquo;Tierras&rdquo; is an organic
 super-premium
USDA certified organic tequila and is available as blanco
 reposado and a&ntilde;ejo. We are the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer
of Tierras.

Gozio
. We are the exclusive U.S. distributor for Gozio amaretto
 which is made from a secret recipe that combines selected
fruits from four continents.


Arran
. In 2017
 we became the exclusive U.S. distributor for the Arran Scotch whiskies. Arran Scotch
whiskies are produced by Isle of Arran Distillers
 an independent distiller of premium quality Single Malt Scotch
whiskies. Located in the village of Lochranza on the Isle of Arran
 the distillery opened in 1995 and is the only whisky
producer on the island. The Arran portfolio includes the classic 10 Years Old
 the new 18 Years Old as well as the official
Robert Burns whiskies
 endorsed by the World Burns Federation
 and the limited edition Machrie Moor Scotch Whiskies.

Our
strategy

Our
objective is to continue building Castle Brands into a profitable international spirits company
 with a distinctive portfolio
of premium and super premium spirits brands. To achieve this
 we continue to seek to:



    
    
focus
 We continue to focus our distribution efforts
 sales expertise and targeted
    marketing activities on our more profitable brands and markets;

    
    
grow
 We believe that continued organic growth will enable us to achieve long-term profitability. We focus
    on brands that have profitable growth potential and staying power
 such as our rums and whiskies
 sales of which have grown
    substantially in recent years;

    
    
build
 We use our existing assets
 expertise and resources to build consumer awareness and market penetration
    for our brands;

    
    
leverage
 Our established distribution network in all 50 U.S. states enables us to promote our brands
    nationally and makes us an attractive strategic partner for smaller companies seeking U.S. distribution; and

    
    
selectively
 We intend to continue to introduce new brand extensions and
    expressions. For example
 we have leveraged our successful Jefferson&rsquo;s portfolio by introducing a number of brand extensions.
    Additionally
 we recently added the Arran Scotch whiskies to our portfolio as agency brands. We continue to explore strategic
    relationships
 joint ventures and acquisitions to selectively expand our premium spirits portfolio. We expect that future
    acquisitions or agency relations
 if any
 would involve some combination of cash
 debt and the issuance of our stock.


Production
and supply

There
are several steps in the production and supply process for beverage alcohol products. First
 all of our spirits products are distilled.
This is a multi-stage process that converts basic ingredients
 such as grain
 sugar cane or agave
 into alcohol. Next
 the alcohol
is processed and/or aged in various ways depending on the requirements of the specific brand. For our vodka
 this processing is
designed to remove all other chemicals
 so that the resulting liquid will be odorless and colorless
 and have a smooth quality
with minimal harshness. Achieving a high level of purity involves a series of distillations and filtration processes.


    
    


For
our spirits brands
 rather than removing flavor
 various complex flavor profiles are achieved through one or more of the following
techniques: infusion of fruit
 addition of various flavoring substances
 and
 in the case of rums and whiskeys
 aging of the brands
in various types of casks for extended periods of time and the blending of several rums or whiskeys to achieve a unique flavor
profile for each brand. After the distillation
 purification and flavoring processes are completed
 the various liquids are bottled.
This involves several important stages
 including bottle and label design and procurement
 filling of the bottles and packaging
of the bottles in various configurations for shipment.

We
do not have significant investments in distillation
 bottling or other production facilities or equipment. Instead
 we have entered
into relationships with several companies to provide those services to us. We believe that these types of arrangements allow us
to avoid committing significant amounts of capital to fixed assets and permit us to have the flexibility to meet growing sales
levels by dealing with companies whose capacity significantly exceeds our current needs. These relationships vary on a brand-by-brand
basis as discussed below. As part of our ongoing cost-containment efforts
 we intend to continue to review each of our business
relationships to determine if we can increase the efficiency of our operations.

Goslings
rum and ginger beer

Goslings
rums have been produced by the Gosling family in Hamilton
 Bermuda for over 200 years and
 under our distribution arrangements
with Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited (&ldquo;Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rdquo;)
 they have retained the right to act as the
sole supplier to GCP with respect to our Goslings rum requirements. Goslings sources its rums in the Caribbean and transports
them to Bermuda where they are blended according to proprietary recipes. The rums are then sent to a plant
 owned and operated
by a third party
 in the United States
 where they are bottled
 packaged
 stored and shipped to our third-party warehouse. We
believe that Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rsquo;s blending and storage facilities in Bermuda will accommodate our projected supply needs
for the foreseeable future. We believe our third-party U.S. bottler has ample capacity to meet our projected bottling needs for
the foreseeable future. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;

Our
Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer is produced
 canned and/or bottled by third-party soft-drink bottlers and canners to Goslings&rsquo;
formula and requirements. We believe these bottlers and canners have ample capacity to meet our projected supply needs for the
foreseeable future.

Knappogue
Castle and Clontarf Irish whiskeys

In
2012
 we entered into two long-term supply agreements with Irish Distillers Limited (&ldquo;IDL&rdquo;)
 a subsidiary of Pernod
Ricard
 under which it has agreed to supply us with the aged single malt and grain whiskeys used in our Knappogue Castle whiskey
products and all of our Clontarf Irish whiskey products. The first supply agreement provides for the production of blended Irish
whiskeys for us until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate
the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 we provide IDL with a forecast
of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol we require for the next four fiscal contract years and agree to purchase that
amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. The second supply agreement provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys
for us until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract
if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 we provide IDL with a forecast of
the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol we require for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agree to purchase that
amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. We are not obligated to pay for any product not yet received. The whiskeys are
then sent to Terra Limited (&ldquo;Terra&rdquo;) in Baileyboro
 Ireland
 where they are bottled in bottles we designed and packaged
for shipment. We believe that Terra
 which also acts as bottler for certain of our Boru vodka and as producer and bottler of our
Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream (and as bottler for Celtic Honey
 which is supplied to us by one of Terra&rsquo;s affiliates)
 has sufficient
bottling capacity to meet our current needs
 and both Terra and IDL have the capacity to meet our projected supply needs for the
foreseeable future.

Terra
provides intake
 storage
 sampling
 testing
 filtering
 filling
 capping and labeling of bottles
 case packing
 warehousing and
loading and inventory control for our Knappogue Castle and Clontarf Irish whiskeys at prices that are adjusted annually by mutual
agreement based on changes in raw materials and consumer price indexes increases up to 3.5% per annum. This agreement also provides
for maintenance of product specifications and minimum processing procedures
 including compliance with applicable food and alcohol
regulations and maintenance
 storage and stock control of all raw products and finished products delivered to Terra. Terra holds
all alcohol on its premises under its customs and excise bond. Our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June
30
 2017. We expect to continue to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra.
We believe we could obtain alternative sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.

Jefferson&rsquo;s
whiskeys

Our
Jefferson&rsquo;s whiskey portfolio is bottled for us by Luxco
 Inc. (&ldquo;Luxco&rdquo;)
 in Cleveland
 OH
 from our stocks
of aged bourbon and rye. Bourbon has been in short supply in the U.S. in recent years
 and we continue to actively seek alternate
sourcing for future supply. We have acquired stocks of aged bourbon
 which we anticipate will supply our currently forecasted
needs for the Jefferson&rsquo;s brand
 although there is no assurance we can source adequate amounts of bourbon or rye
 if demand
is greater than expected
 at satisfactory prices.

We
are parties to a supply agreement with a bourbon distiller
 which provides for the production of newly distilled bourbon whiskey
through June 30
 2026. Under this agreement
 the distiller provides us with an agreed upon amount of original proof gallons of
newly distilled bourbon whiskey
 subject to certain annual adjustments. We are not obligated to pay the distiller for any product
not yet received. Also
 if the distiller has excess inventory in any year
 we have the right
 but not the obligation
 to purchase
such excess.


    
    


We
have entered into another supply agreement with a bourbon distiller
 which provided for the production of newly distilled bourbon
whiskey through December 31
 2019. In March 2017
 the distiller notified us that it would terminate this agreement effective on
December 31
 2017. Under this agreement
 the distiller provides us with an agreed upon amount of original proof gallons of newly
distilled bourbon whiskey
 subject to certain annual adjustments. We are not obligated to pay the distiller for any product not
yet received. We believe we can obtain alternative sources of newly distilled bourbon following the termination of this agreement.

Boru
vodka

We
have a supply agreement with a leading European producer of grain neutral spirits to provide us with the distilled alcohol used
in our Boru vodka. The supply agreement provides for the producer to produce natural spirit for us with specified levels of alcohol
content pursuant to specifications set forth in the agreement and at specified prices through its expiration in December 2017
in quantities designated by us. We believe that the producer has sufficient distilling capacity to meet our needs for Boru vodka
for the foreseeable future. In the event that we do not renew the production agreement
 we believe that we will be able to obtain
grain neutral spirits from another supplier.

The
five-times distilled alcohol is delivered from the producer to the bottling premises at Terra
 where it is filtered in several
proprietary ways
 and pure water is added to achieve the desired proof. Depending on the size of the bottle
 Boru vodka is then
either bottled at Terra or shipped in bulk to the U.S. and bottled at Luxco
 where we bottle certain sizes for the U.S. market.
We believe that both Terra and Luxco have sufficient bottling capacity to meet our current needs
 and both have the capacity to
meet our anticipated future supply needs. As described above
 our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June
30
 2017. We expect to continue to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra.
We believe we could obtain alternative sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.

Brady&rsquo;s
Irish Cream

Brady&rsquo;s
Irish Cream is produced for us by Terra. Fresh cream is combined with Irish whiskey
 grain neutral spirits and various flavorings
to our specifications
 and then bottled by Terra in bottles designed for us. We believe that Terra has the capacity to meet our
foreseeable supply needs for this brand. As described above
 our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June
30
 2017. We expect to continue to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra.
We believe we could obtain alternative sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.

Celtic
Honey liqueur

Gaelic
Heritage Corporation Limited
 an affiliate of Terra
 has a contractual right to act as the sole supplier to us of Celtic Honey.
Gaelic Heritage mixes the ingredients comprising Celtic Honey using a proprietary formula and then Terra bottles it for them in
bottles designed for us. We believe that the necessary ingredients are available to Gaelic Heritage in sufficient supply and that
Terra&rsquo;s bottling capacity is currently adequate to meet our projected supply needs for the foreseeable future. See &ldquo;Strategic
brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;

Pallini
liqueurs

Pallini
SpA (&ldquo;Pallini&rdquo;)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 an Italian company based in Rome and owned since 1875
by the Pallini family
 produces Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello. Pallini bottles the liqueurs at its plant in Rome
and ships them to us under our long-term exclusive U.S. marketing and distribution agreement. We believe that Pallini has adequate
facilities to produce and bottle sufficient Limoncello
 Peachcello and Raspicello to meet our projected supply needs for the foreseeable
future. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;

Gozio
amaretto

We
are the exclusive U.S. distributor for Gozio amaretto. Gozio amaretto is produced by Distillerie Franciacorta
 a spirits company
founded in 1901 and owned by the Gozio family. The company is located in Franciacorta
 in the Italian Region of Lombardy. We believe
that Distillerie Franciacorta has sufficient capacity to meet our projected supply needs for the foreseeable future for this brand.

Tierras
tequila

Tierras
is being produced for us in Mexico by Autentica Tequilera S.A. de C.V. Autentica Tequilera currently sources organic agave from
third-parties
 and together with its affiliates is in the process of cultivating its own supply of organic agave. Autentica Tequilera
distills and bottles the tequila at its facility in the Jalisco region of Mexico. Tierras is available as blanco
 reposado and
a&ntilde;ejo. The blanco is unaged
 the reposado is aged in oak barrels at the distillery for up to one year
 and the a&ntilde;ejo
is aged in oak barrels at the distillery for at least one year. We believe that
 given the ability of Autentica Tequilera to purchase
organic agave and its anticipated cultivation of organic agave
 Autentica Tequilera has sufficient capacity to meet our projected
supply needs for the foreseeable future for this brand.


    
    


Arran
Scotch Whiskies


We
are the exclusive U.S. distributor for the Isle of Arran premium whisky portfolio
 produced by the Isle of Arran Distillers. The
Isle of Arran Distillers is an independent distiller of premium quality Single Malt Scotch whiskeys. Located in the village of
Lochranza on the Isle of Arran
 the distillery opened in 1995 and is the only whisky producer on the island. The
Arran&rsquo;s portfolio includes the classic 10 Years Old
 the new 18 Years Old as well as the official Robert Burns whiskeys
endorsed by the World Burns Federation
 and the Machrie Moor whiskeys. We believe that the Isle of Arran Distillers has
sufficient capacity to meet our projected supply needs for the foreseeable future for these brands.

Distribution
network

We
believe that the distribution network that we have developed with our sales team and our independent distributors and brokers
is one of our strengths. We currently have distribution and brokerage relationships with third-party distributors in all 50 U.S.
states
 as well as distribution arrangements in approximately 20 other countries.

U.S.
distribution

Background.
Importers of beverage alcohol in the U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
an imported brand is first sold to a U.S. importer
 who then sells it to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the
U.S.
 in either &ldquo;open&rdquo; states or &ldquo;control&rdquo; states. In the 33 open states
 the distributors are generally
large
 privately-held companies. In the 17 control states
 the states themselves function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers
such as us. The distributors and wholesalers in turn sell to individual retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
 bars
 supermarkets
and other outlets licensed to sell beverage alcohol. In larger states such as New York
 more than one distributor may handle a
brand in separate geographical areas. In control states
 importers sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
 which
distribute the products and either operate retail outlets or license the retail sales function to private companies
 while maintaining
strict control over pricing and profit.


has consolidated dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. There are currently at least
twelve major spirits companies
 each of which own and operate their own importing businesses. All companies
 including these
large companies
 are required by law to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the U.S. The major companies are
exerting increasing influence over the regional distributors and as a result
 it has become more difficult for smaller companies
to get their products recognized by the distributors. We believe our established distribution network in all 50 states allows
us to overcome a significant barrier to entry in the U.S. beverage alcohol market and enhances our attractiveness as a strategic
partner for smaller companies lacking comparable distribution.


For
fiscal 2017
 our U.S. sales represented approximately 90.3% of our revenues
 and we expect them to remain relatively consistent
as a percentage of our total sales in the near future. See note 16 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Importation.
We currently hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
of the U.S. Treasury Department
 and the requisite state license in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.

Our
inventory is strategically maintained in large bonded warehouses and shipped nationally by an extensive network of licensed and
bonded carriers.

Wholesalers
 In the U.S.
 we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
 state-owned
agencies performing this function
 to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for sales
 for
product placement and for retail store penetration. We currently have no distribution agreements or minimum sales requirements
with any of our U.S. alcohol distributors
 and they are under no obligation to place our products or market our brands. All of
the distributors also distribute our competitors&rsquo; products and brands. As a result
 we must foster and maintain our relationships
with our distributors. Through our internal sales team
 we have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors
in each state
 and our products are currently sold in the U.S. by approximately 80 wholesale distributors
 as well as by various
state beverage alcohol control agencies.

International
distribution



most countries permit sales directly from the brand owner to retail establishments
 including liquor stores
 chain stores
 restaurants
and pubs
 without requiring that sales go through a wholesaler tier. In our international markets
 we rely primarily on established
spirits distributors in much the same way as we do in the U.S. We have engaged an international beverage alcohol broker
to represent our brands in approximately twenty international markets. We use Terra and other bonded warehouses and logistic providers
to handle the billing
 inventory and shipping for us for some products in certain of our non-U.S. markets.



 the beverage
alcohol industry has undergone consolidation internationally
 with considerable realignment of brands and brand ownership. The
number of major spirits companies internationally has been reduced significantly due to mergers and brand ownership consolidation.
While there are still a substantial number of companies owning one or more brands
 most business is now done by the twelve
major companies
 each of which owns and operates its own distribution company that distributes in the major international
markets. These captive distribution companies focus primarily on the brands of the companies that own them.

Even
though we do not utilize the direct route to market in our international operations
 we do not believe that we are at a significant
disadvantage
 because the local importers/distributors typically have established relationships with the retail accounts and are
able to provide extensive customer service
 in store merchandising and on premise promotions. Also
 even though we must compensate
our wholesalers and distributors in each market in which we sell our brands
 we are
 as a result of using these distributors
still able to benefit from substantially lower infrastructure costs and centralized billing and collection.


    
    


Our
primary international markets are Ireland
 Great Britain
 Northern Ireland
 Germany
 Canada
 France
 Finland
 Norway
 Sweden
Denmark and the Duty Free markets. We also have sales in other countries in continental Europe
 Latin America
 the Caribbean and
Asia. For fiscal 2017
 non-U.S. sales represented approximately 9.7% of our revenues. See note 16 to our accompanying consolidated
financial statements.

Significant
customers

Sales
to one distributor
 Southern Glazer&rsquo;s Wine and Spirits and related entities
 accounted for approximately 36.6% of our consolidated
revenues for fiscal 2017.

Our
sales team

While
we currently expect more rapid growth in the U.S.
 our primary market
 international markets hold potential for future growth
and are part of our global strategy.

We
currently have a total sales force of 25 people
 including five regional U.S. vice presidents who have significant industry
experience with premium beverage alcohol brands.

Our
sales personnel are engaged in the day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional
plans for our brands
 maintaining adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel.
Our sales team also maintains relationships with key retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional
events
 create local brand promotion plans
 host in-store tastings where permitted and provide wait staff and bartender training
and education for our brands.

Advertising
marketing and promotion

To
build our brands
 we must effectively communicate with three distinct audiences: our distributors
 the retail trade and the end
consumer. Advertising
 marketing and promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts
to build substantial brand value. We believe our execution of disciplined and strategic branding and marketing campaigns will
continue to drive our future sales.

We
employ full-time
 in-house marketing
 sales and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising
firms to maintain a high degree of focus on each of our product categories and build brand awareness through innovative marketing
activities. We use a range of marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and
trade advertising
 price promotions
 point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public
relations
 as well as a variety of other traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques
 including social media marketing
to support our brands.

Besides
traditional advertising
 we also employ three other marketing methods to support our brands: public relations
 event sponsorships
and tastings. Our significant U.S. public relations efforts have helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases
brand awareness. Event sponsorship is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands. We actively contribute
product to trend-setting events where our brand has exclusivity in the brand category. We also conduct hundreds of in-store and
on-premise promotions each year.

We
support our brand marketing efforts with an assortment of point-of-sale materials. The combination of trade and consumer programs
supported by attractive point-of-sale materials
 also establishes greater credibility for us with our distributors and retailers.

Strategic
brand-partner relationships

We
forge strategic relationships with emerging and established spirits brand owners seeking opportunities to increase their sales
beyond their home markets and achieve global growth. This ability is a key component of our growth strategy and one of our competitive
strengths. Our original relationship with the Boru vodka brand was as its exclusive U.S. distributor. To date
 we have also established
strategic relationships for Goslings rums
 Pallini liqueurs
 Celtic Honey liqueur
 the Arran Scotch Whiskies
 Tierras tequilas
and Gozio amaretto
 as described below
 and we intend to seek to expand our brand portfolio through similar future arrangements.

Gosling-Castle
Partners Inc./Goslings rums and ginger beer


In
2005
 we entered into an exclusive national distribution agreement with Gosling&rsquo;s Export for the Goslings rum products.
We subsequently purchased a 60% controlling interest in GCP
 a strategic export venture with the Gosling family. In March 2017
we purchased an additional 20.1% interest in GCP and
 accordingly
 we now own 80.1% of GCP. Pursuant to an export agreement
entered into between Gosling&rsquo;s Export and GCP
 Gosling&rsquo;s Export assigned to GCP all of Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rsquo;s
interest in our distribution agreement with them. GCP holds the exclusive distribution rights for Goslings rum products and Goslings
Stormy Ginger Beer on a worldwide basis (other than in Bermuda). The export agreement expires in April 2030
 with ten-year renewal
terms thereafter
 subject to specific termination rights held by each party. Under the export agreement
 in the event Gosling&rsquo;s
Export decides to sell any or all of its trademarks (or other intellectual property rights) relating to the Goslings&rsquo; products
(other than Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer) during the term of the export agreement
 GCP has a right of first refusal to purchase
said trademark(s) (and intellectual property rights
 if applicable) at the same price being offered by a bona fide third-party
offerer. If GCP does not exercise its right of first refusal
 then we have an identical right of first refusal. In the event Gosling&rsquo;s
Export decides to sell any or all of its products (other than Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer) and/or trademark(s) (other than Goslings
Stormy Ginger Beer)
 whether sold to an affiliate
 a third party
 GCP or us
 GCP is entitled to share in the proceeds of such
sale
 according to a schedule specified in the export agreement. Also
 in the event Gosling&rsquo;s Export should decide to sell
Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer or trademarks relating to Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 whether sold to an affiliate
 a third party
GCP or us
 then
 Gosling&rsquo;s Export agrees to share with GCP an amount equal to a certain percentage of the proceeds of any
such sale as specified in the export agreement. The Goslings
 through Gosling Brothers Limited
 have the right to act as the sole
supplier to GCP for our Goslings rum requirements. Polar Corp.
 the exclusive U.S. manufacturer of the ginger beer
 is authorized
to purchase product from GCP to sell directly on a non-exclusive basis to its existing customers that are grocery supermarket
chains
 drug store chains or convenience store chains located in New England and New York through direct store delivery or approved
wholesalers

Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Recent Developments
the March 2017 Goslings share acquisition.


    
    


Pallini
SpA/Pallini liqueurs

We
have an exclusive marketing and distribution agreement with Pallini under which we distribute Pallini Limoncello
 Peachcello and
Raspicello liqueurs in the U.S. We began shipping these products in September 2005.

Our
agreement with Pallini expires on March 31
 2021
 subject to successive five-year renewals unless either party delivers a notice
of non-renewal six months prior to the end of the term. Under the agreement
 if minimum shipment targets are not achieved and
not cured
 Pallini has the right to terminate the agreement without payment of termination fees to us. However
 if such targets
are met
 we have the right under the agreement to receive certain termination payments and other payments upon the non-renewal
of the agreement
 certain terminations of the agreement or the sale of the brand. The exclusive territory under the agreement
is the 50 states of the U.S. and the District of Columbia.

Autentica
Tequilera S.A. de C.V./Tierras tequilas

In
February 2008
 we entered into an importation and marketing agreement with Autentica Tequilera S.A. de C.V.
 under which we became
the exclusive U.S. importer of Tierras. In February 2013
 the agreement renewed for an additional five years in accordance with
its terms. During the term
 we have the right to purchase tequila at stipulated prices. Autentica Tequilera must maintain certain
standards for its products
 and we have input into the product and packaging. We are required to prepare periodic reports detailing
the development of the brand&rsquo;s sales. Under this agreement
 we have rights of first refusal for any new market for Tierras
(except Mexico)
 and any new Autentica Tequilera products in any market (except Mexico). We also have a right of first refusal
on any sale of the Tierras brand
 and a right to acquire up to 35% of the economic benefit of any such sale with a third-party
based upon the achievement of certain cumulative sales targets.

Gozio
amaretto

In
November 2011
 we entered into an exclusive distribution agreement with Distillerie Franciacorta S.p.A. under which we are the
exclusive distributor of Gozio amaretto in the U.S. The agreement had an initial five-year term
 and has automatic five-year renewals
unless either party delivers a notice of non-renewal six months prior to the end of the term. During the term
 we have the right
to purchase Gozio amaretto at stipulated prices and Distillerie Franciacorta Spa must maintain certain standards for its products.
We are required to prepare periodic reports detailing the development of the brand&rsquo;s sales and prepare annual strategic
marketing and growth plans.

Arran
Scotch Whiskies




 we
entered into an exclusive distribution agreement with the Isle of Arran Distillers under which we are the exclusive distributors
for The Arran Malt Single Malt Scotch Whiskies
 the Robert Burns Single Malt Scotch Whisky and Blended Scotch Whisky and
the Machrie Moor whiskeys in the U.S. market. The agreement has an initial term expiring on March 31
 2022
 and has automatic
five-year renewals upon our achieving certain minimum purchase requirements. During the term
 we have the right to purchase Isle
of Arran
 Robert Burns and Machrie Moor products at stipulated prices and Isle of Arran must maintain certain standards
for its products. We are required to prepare periodic reports detailing the development of the brand&rsquo;s sales and prepare
annual strategic marketing and growth plans.

Intellectual
property

Trademarks
are an important aspect of our business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks
 which we own or use under license.
Our brands are protected by trademark registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the
U.S.
 the European Union and most other countries where we distribute
 or plan to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be
registered in the names of our subsidiaries and related companies. Generally
 the term of a trademark registration varies from
country to country
 and
 in the U.S.
 trademark registrations need to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks
in additional markets as we expand our distribution territories.


We
have entered into distribution agreements for brands owned by third parties
 such as the Goslings rums
 the Pallini liqueurs
Isle of Arran whiskeys
 Tierras tequilas and Gozio amaretto. The Goslings rum brands
 Pallini liqueurs
 Isle of Arran and Robert
Burns Scotch whiskeys and Gozio amaretto are registered by their respective owners and we have the exclusive right to distribute
the Goslings rums on a worldwide basis (other than in Bermuda) and the Pallini liqueur brands
 Isle of Arran
 Robert Burns
and Machrie Moor Scotch whiskeys and Gozio amaretto in the U.S. Goslings also has a trademark for their signature
rum cocktail
 Dark &lsquo;n Stormy. Autentica Tequiliera holds the registered U.S. trademark for Tequila Tierras Autenticas de
Jalisco and its distinctive label. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;


    
    




Our
industry is subject to seasonality with seasonal holiday buying typically generating peak retail sales in the fourth calendar
quarter (our third fiscal quarter). Historically
 this holiday demand typically resulted in slightly higher sales for us in our
third and/or fourth fiscal quarters.



The
beverage alcohol industry is highly competitive. We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition
and distribution strength. Our premium brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for consumer purchases
retail shelf space
 restaurant presence and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors
of beverage alcohol products
 many of which have greater resources than us.

Over
the past ten years
 the U.S. wine and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand
ownership. The number of major importers in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today there are at least twelve major
companies: Diageo PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Suntory Inc.
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
Remy Cointreau S.A.
 LVMH Mo&euml;t Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A
 Constellation Brands
 Inc.
 Proximo Spirits
 Sazerac Company
Inc.
 Heaven Hill Brands and William Grant &amp; Sons Distillers
 Ltd.

We
believe that we are sometimes in a better position to partner with small to mid-size brands than the major importers. Despite
our relative capital position and resources
 we have been able to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution
agreements and acquiring brands by being more responsive to private and family-owned brands
 offering flexible transaction structures
and providing brand owners the option to retain local production and &ldquo;home&rdquo; market sales. Given our size relative
to our major competitors
 most of which have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on
smaller brands and tailor transaction structures based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position
and resources may limit our marketing capabilities
 limit our ability to expand into new markets and limit our negotiating ability
with our distributors.

By
focusing on the premium and super-premium segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 and having an established
experienced sales force
 we believe we are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of
our size. Our U.S. regional vice presidents provide long-standing relationships with distributor personnel and with their major
customers. Finally
 the continued consolidation among the major companies is expected to create an opportunity for small to mid-size
wine and spirits companies
 such as ourselves
 as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer brands.

Government
regulation

We
are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs Laws
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 and
the Alcoholic Beverage Control Laws of all fifty states.

The
U.S. Treasury Department&rsquo;s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales
and advertising and transportation of alcohol products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
sale and distribution of alcohol products within its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with
holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell spirits.

In
Europe
 we are subject to similar regulations related to the production of spirits.

We
are subject to U.S. and European regulations on the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range
from a complete prohibition of the marketing of alcohol in some countries to restrictions on the advertising style
 media and
messages used.

Labeling
of spirits is also regulated in many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength
and other consumer information. All beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks
of drinking beverage alcohol products.

We
are also subject to certain regulatory requirements regarding minimum aging of spirits.

In
the U.S. control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased
and offered for sale in their respective states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which
are generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products
not selected for listings only through special orders
 if at all.



beverages is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most foreign countries in which
we do business impose excise duties on distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application on
units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries impose
additional import duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. Import and excise
duties may have a significant effect on our sales
 both through reducing the consumption of alcohol and through encouraging consumer
switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.


    
    


We
believe that we are in material compliance with applicable federal
 state and other regulations. However
 we operate in a highly
regulated industry which may be subject to more stringent interpretations of existing regulations. Future compliance costs due
to regulatory changes could be significant.

Since
we import distilled spirits products produced primarily outside the U.S.
 adverse effects of regulatory changes are more likely
to materially affect earnings and our competitive market position rather than capital expenditures. Capital expenditures in our
industry are normally associated with either production facilities or brand acquisition costs. Because we are not a U.S. producer
changes in regulations affecting production facility operations may indirectly affect the costs of the brands we purchase for
resale
 but we would not anticipate any resulting material adverse impact upon our capital expenditures.

Global
conglomerates with international brands dominate our industry. The adoption of more restrictive marketing and sales regulations
or increased excise taxes and customs duties could materially adversely affect our earnings and competitive industry position.
Large international conglomerates have greater financial resources than we do and would be better able to absorb increased compliance
costs.



As
of March 31
 2017
 we had 55 employees
 37 of which were in sales and marketing and 18 of which were in management
finance and administration. As of March 31
 2017
 51 of our employees were located in the U.S. and four were located in Ireland.

Geographic
Information

We
operate in one business &mdash; premium beverage alcohol. Our product categories are rum and related products
 whiskey
 liqueurs
vodka and tequila. We report our operations in two geographical areas: International and U.S. See note 16 to our accompanying
consolidated financial statements.

Corporate
Information

We
are a Florida corporation
 which was incorporated in 2009. We are the successor to a Delaware corporation
 which was incorporated
in Delaware in 2003.

Available
Information

Our
corporate filings
 including our annual reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 our current reports on Form
8-K
 our proxy statements and reports filed by our officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and any amendments
to those filings
 are available
 free of charge
 on our investor website
 
 as soon
as reasonably practicable after we or our officers and directors electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. You
may also find our code of business conduct
 nominating and corporate governance committee charter and audit committee charter
on our website. We do not intend for information contained in our website
 or those of our subsidiaries
 to be a part of this
annual report on Form 10-K. Shareholders may request paper copies of these filings and corporate governance documents
 without
charge
 by written request to Castle Brands Inc.
 122 East 42nd St.
 Suite 5000
 New York
 NY 10168
 Attn: Investor Relations.

Also
you may read and copy any materials we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 or SEC
 at the SEC&rsquo;s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE.
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business days during the hours of 10a.m. to 3p.m.
You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains
an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC.


Item
1A. Risk Factors

Risks
Relating To Our Business

We
have never been profitable
 and believe we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future.

We
have incurred losses since our inception
 including a net loss &nbsp;attributable to common shareholders of $0.9
million for fiscal 2017
 and had an accumulated loss of $148.2 million as of March 31
 2017. We believe that we will continue
to incur consolidated net losses as we expect to make continued significant investment in product development and sales and marketing
and to incur significant administrative expenses as we seek to grow our brands. We also anticipate that our cash needs will exceed
our income from sales for the near future. Some of our products may never achieve widespread market acceptance and may not generate
sales and profits to justify our investment. Also
 we may find that our expansion plans are more costly than we anticipate and
that they do not ultimately result in commensurate increases in our sales
 which would further increase our losses. We expect
we will continue to experience losses and negative cash flow from operations
 some of which could be significant. Results of operations
will depend upon numerous factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 including market acceptance of our products
 new product
introductions and competition. We incur substantial operating expenses at the corporate level
 including costs directly related
to being an SEC reporting company.


    
    


Worldwide
and domestic economic trends and financial market conditions could adversely impact our financial performance.

The
worldwide and domestic economies have experienced adverse conditions and may be subject to future deterioration. We are subject
to risks associated with these adverse conditions
 including economic slowdown and the disruption
 volatility and tightening of
credit and capital markets.

This
global economic situation could adversely impact our major suppliers
 distributors and retailers. The inability of suppliers
distributors or retailers to conduct business or to access liquidity could impact our ability to distribute our products.


There
can be no assurance that market conditions will not deteriorate in the near future. A prolonged downturn
 worsening or
broadening of the adverse conditions in the worldwide and domestic economies could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases
of our products
 and create or exacerbate credit issues
 cash flow issues and other financial hardships for us and for our suppliers
distributors
 retailers and consumers. Depending upon their severity and duration
 these conditions could have a material adverse
impact on our business
 liquidity
 financial condition and results of operations.

We
may require additional capital
 which we may not be able to obtain on acceptable terms
 or at all. Our inability to raise such
capital
 as needed
 on beneficial terms or at all could restrict our future growth and severely limit our operations.

We
have limited capital compared to other companies in our industry. This may limit our operations and growth
 including our ability
to continue to develop existing brands
 service our debt obligations
 maintain adequate inventory levels
 fund potential acquisitions
of new brands
 penetrate new markets
 attract new customers and enter into new distribution relationships. If we have not generated
sufficient cash from operations to finance additional capital needs
 we will need to raise additional funds through private or
public equity and/or debt financing. We cannot assure you that
 if and when needed
 additional financing will be available to
us on acceptable terms or at all. If additional capital is needed and either unavailable or cost prohibitive
 our operations and
growth may be limited as we may need to change our business strategy to slow the rate of
 or eliminate
 our expansion or reduce
or curtail our operations. Also
 any additional financing we undertake could impose covenants upon us that restrict our operating
flexibility
 and
 if we issue equity securities to raise capital our existing shareholders may experience dilution and the new
securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.

If
our brands do not achieve more widespread consumer acceptance
 our growth may be limited.

Most
of our brands are early in their growth cycle and have not achieved extensive brand recognition. Also
 brands we may acquire in
the future are unlikely to have established extensive brand recognition. Accordingly
 if consumers do not accept our brands
 we
will not be able to penetrate our markets and our growth may be limited.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers. Failure to obtain satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing
suppliers could cause us to lose sales
 incur additional costs and lose credibility in the marketplace. We also have annual purchase
obligations with certain suppliers.

We
depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of our products
 including both our own proprietary
brands and those we distribute for others. These suppliers consist of third-party distillers
 bottlers and producers in the U.S.
Bermuda
 the Caribbean and Europe. We rely on the owners of Goslings rum
 Pallini liqueurs
 Isle of Arran whiskeys
 Gozio amaretto
and Tierras tequila to produce their brands for us. For our proprietary products
 we may rely on a single supplier to fulfill
one or all of the manufacturing functions for a brand. For instance
 IDL is the sole provider of our single malt
 blended and
grain Irish whiskeys. We do not have long-term written agreements with all of our suppliers. We do not currently have a long-term
source for supply of aged rye and there can be no assurance we can source adequate amounts of aged bourbon or rye at satisfactory
prices
 or at all. Also
 if we fail to complete purchases of products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill
us for product not purchased during the period. The termination of our written or oral agreements or an adverse change in the
terms of these agreements could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers increase their prices
 we may not have
alternative sources of supply and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or even a portion of the increased
costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products
from suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause us to fail to meet orders for
our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn
 this could cause us to lose
credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading to a decline in our business
and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives
our business could be negatively impacted.

We
depend on our independent wholesale distributors to distribute our products. The failure or inability of even a few of our distributors
to adequately distribute our products within their territories could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of
operations.

We
are required by law to use state licensed distributors or
 in 17 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies
performing this function
 to sell our products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains
in the U.S. We have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors in each state; however
 failure to maintain
those relationships could significantly and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. Over the past decade there has been
increasing consolidation
 both intrastate and interstate
 among distributors. As a result
 many states now have only two or three
significant distributors. Also
 there are several distributors that now control distribution for several states. For the fiscal
year ended March 31
 2017
 sales to one distributor accounted for 36.6% of revenues. For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016
sales to this same distributor accounted for 31.4% of revenues. As a result
 if we fail to maintain good relations with
a distributor
 our products could in some instances be frozen out of one or more markets entirely. The ultimate success of our
products also depends in large part on our distributors&rsquo; ability and desire to distribute our products to our desired U.S.
target markets
 as we rely significantly on them for product placement and retail store penetration. We have no formal distribution
agreements or minimum sales requirements with any of our distributors and they are under no obligation to place our products or
market our brands. Moreover
 all of them also distribute competitive brands and product lines. We cannot assure you that our U.S.
alcohol distributors will continue to purchase our products
 commit sufficient time and resources to promote and market our brands
and product lines or that they can or will sell them to our desired or targeted markets. If they do not
 our sales will be harmed
resulting in a decline in our results of operations.


    
    


While
most of our international markets do not require the use of independent distributors by law
 we have chosen to conduct our sales
through distributors in all of our markets and
 accordingly
 we face similar risks to those set forth above with respect to our
international distribution. Some of these international markets may have only a limited number of viable distributors.


We must maintain a relatively large
inventory of our products
 including aging bourbon
 to support customer delivery requirements
 and if this inventory is lost due
to theft
 fire or other damage or becomes obsolete
 our results of operations would be negatively impacted.


large inventories to meet customer delivery requirements for our products. In particular
 we must maintain sufficient supplies
of aging bourbon to support the Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons. We are always at risk of loss of that inventory due to theft
 fire
or other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders and harm our sales
and operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce old products or
modify the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact our results
of operations.


If
we are unable to identify and successfully acquire additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
 our growth
could be limited
 and
 even if additional brands are acquired
 we may not realize planned benefits due to integration difficulties
or other operating issues.

A
component of our growth strategy is the acquisition of additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio through
acquisitions of such brands or their corporate owners
 directly or through mergers
 joint ventures
 long-term exclusive distribution
arrangements and/or other strategic relationships. If we are unable to identify suitable brand candidates and successfully execute
our acquisition strategy
 our growth could be limited. Also
 even if we are successful in acquiring additional brands
 we may
not be able to achieve or maintain profitability levels that justify our investment in
 or realize operating and economic efficiencies
or other planned benefits with respect to
 those additional brands. The addition of new products or businesses entails numerous
risks with respect to integration and other operating issues
 any of which could have a detrimental effect on our results of operations
and/or the value of our equity. These risks include:



    
    
difficulties
    in assimilating acquired operations or products;

    
    
unanticipated
    costs that could materially adversely affect our results of operations;

    
    
negative
    effects on reported results of operations from acquisition related charges and amortization of acquired intangibles;

    
    
diversion
    of management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns;

    
    
adverse
    effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 distributors and retail customers;

    
    
risks
    of entering new markets or markets in which we have limited prior experience; and

    
    
the
    potential inability to retain and motivate key employees of acquired businesses.


Also
there are special risks associated with the acquisition of additional brands through joint venture arrangements. We may not have
a majority interest in
 or control of
 future joint ventures in which we may enter. There is
 therefore
 risk that our joint venture
partners may at any time have economic
 business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests or goals
or those of the joint venture. There is also risk that our current or future joint venture partners may be unable to meet their
economic or other obligations and that we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone.

Our
ability to grow through the acquisition of additional brands will also be dependent upon the availability of capital to complete
the necessary acquisition arrangements. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash
resources
 third -party financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities; however
our ability to finance such acquisitions may be limited by the terms of our other equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional
brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and
yearly operating results. Also
 acquisitions could result in the recording of significant goodwill and intangible assets on our
financial statements
 the amortization or impairment of which would reduce reported earnings in subsequent years.

Currency
exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations may have a significant adverse effect on our revenues
 sales
 costs of goods and overall
financial results.

For
fiscal 2017
 non-U.S. operations accounted for approximately 9.7% of our revenues. Therefore
 gains and losses on the conversion
of foreign payments into U.S. dollars could cause fluctuations in our results of operations
 and fluctuating exchange rates could
cause reduced revenues and/or gross margins from non-U.S. dollar-denominated international sales and inventory purchases. Also
for fiscal 2017
 Euro denominated sales accounted for approximately 6.1% of our total revenue
 so a substantial change in the
rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the Euro could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results. Our ability
to acquire spirits and produce and sell our products at favorable prices will also depend in part on the relative strength of
the U.S. dollar. We do not currently hedge against these risks.


    
    



We have identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting
 and our business and stock price may be adversely affected if we do not adequately
address this weakness or if we have other material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial
reporting.


responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;13a-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. As disclosed in Item&nbsp;9A of this annual report
 management identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the allocation of excise taxes and freight costs
to inventory. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial
reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of this material weakness
 our management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on criteria set forth by the Internal Control-Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We are actively engaged in implementing
a remediation plan designed to address this material weakness. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material
weakness
 or if other material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control are discovered or occur in the future
it may result in untimely or inaccurate reporting of our financial condition or results of operations. Ineffective internal controls
could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 which could have a negative effect on the trading
price of our common stock
 limit our ability to access the capital markets in the future and require us to incur additional costs
to improve our internal control systems and procedures.


A failure of one or more of our key
information technology systems
 networks
 processes
 associated sites or service providers
 including as a result of evolving
cyber security and other technological risks
 could have a material adverse impact on our business.


technology (IT) systems
 networks
 and services
 including internet sites
 data hosting and processing facilities and tools
 hardware
(including laptops and mobile devices)
 software and technical applications and platforms
 some of which are managed
 hosted
provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors
 to assist us in the management of our business. The various uses of these
IT systems
 networks
 and services include
 but are not limited to: hosting our internal network and communication systems; ordering
and managing materials from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production; shipping product to customers; hosting our branded
websites and marketing products to consumers; collecting and storing customer
 consumer
 employee
 investor
 and other data; processing
transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting
 processing
 and sharing confidential and proprietary research
business plans
 and financial information; complying with regulatory
 legal or tax requirements; providing data security; and
handling other processes necessary to manage our business.


threats and more sophisticated cyber-crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems
 networks
 and services
 as
well as the confidentiality
 availability
 and integrity of our data. If the IT systems
 networks
 or service providers we rely
upon fail to function properly
 or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information
 due to any number
of causes
 ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches
 and our business continuity plans do not effectively
address these failures on a timely basis
 we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and reputational
 competitive
and/or business harm
 which may adversely affect our business operations and/or financial condition. In addition
 such events
could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information
 and we may suffer financial and reputational damage
because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our partners
 our employees
 customers
 suppliers
or consumers. In any of these events
 we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the
damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems. The trend toward public notifications of such
incidents could exacerbate the harm to our business operations or financial condition.


Either
our or our strategic partners&rsquo; failure to protect our respective intellectual property rights could compromise our competitive
position and decrease the value of our brand portfolio.

Our
business and prospects depend in part on our
 and with respect to our agency or joint venture brands
 our strategic partners&rsquo;
ability to develop favorable consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although both we and our strategic partners actively
apply for intellectual property registrations of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent.
Also
 we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how
 concepts and formulas. We cannot be certain that the steps taken to protect
these intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect these rights. Our business could be adversely affected by the
material infringement of such intellectual property rights. We are also subject to risks and costs associated with the enforcement
of our and our partners&rsquo; intellectual property rights. Moreover
 we may face claims of misappropriation or infringement
of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our use of this information. Defending these claims may be costly and
if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this proprietary information in the future and result in a judgment or
monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain non-competition agreements with all of our key personnel or with
some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our or our strategic partners&rsquo;
trade secrets
 proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio could be reduced
 negatively
impacting our financial results and ability to develop our business.

Our
failure to attract or retain key executive or employee talent could adversely affect our business.

Our
success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team
 other key employees
 and a high-quality employee
base
 as well as our ability to attract
 motivate
 reward
 and retain them. We do not maintain and do not intend to obtain key
man insurance on the life of any executive or employee. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent
or the unexpected loss of experienced employees could have an adverse impact on our business performance. In addition
 we could
experience business disruption and/or increased costs related to organizational changes
 reductions in workforce
 or other cost-cutting
measures.

The
sales of our products could decrease significantly if we cannot maintain listings in the control states.

In
the control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and
offered for sale in their respective states. Products selected for listing must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit
levels to maintain their listings. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally
made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can only
be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state through special orders
 if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable
to maintain our current listings in the control states
 or secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products
we may acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly.

An
impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results
and shareholders&rsquo; equity.

The
carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as
of the acquisition date
 net of any cumulative impairments. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair
value of trademarks
 trade names and other acquired intangible assets as of the acquisition date
 net of impairments and accumulated
amortization. Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized
but must be evaluated for impairment by our management at least annually. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined
based on the discounted future cash flows of the related business
 the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced
to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. If the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is impaired
 our
earnings and shareholders&rsquo; equity could be adversely affected.


    
    


Risks
Related to Our Industry

Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.

Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
product innovations
 changes in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce
consumers&rsquo; willingness to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic
beverages. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in
consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations. The competitive position of our brands could also be
affected adversely by any failure to achieve consistent
 reliable quality in the product or in service levels to customers.

Our
business performance is substantially dependent upon the continued growth of rum and whiskey sales.

A
significant part of our business is based on rum and whiskey sales
 which represented approximately 61.0% and 62.1% of our revenues
for fiscal 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Changes in consumer preferences regarding these categories of beverage alcohol products
may have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. Given the importance of our rum and whiskey brands to our overall
Company success
 a significant or sustained decline in volume or selling price of these products would likely have a negative
effect on our growth and our stock price. Additionally
 should we not be successful in our efforts to maintain and increase the
relevance of the brands in the minds of today&rsquo;s and tomorrow&rsquo;s consumer
 our business and operating results could
suffer.

We
face substantial competition in our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully.

We
compete on the basis of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer
preferences. The global spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies.
It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or
resort to price competition to sustain market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Adverse
public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand for our products.

Anti-alcohol
groups have
 in the past
 advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations
designed to discourage alcohol consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or
changes in consumer perceptions of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption
of alcohol and thus the demand for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue
growth
 causing a decline in our results of operations.

Class
action or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.

Companies
in the beverage alcohol industry are
 from time to time
 exposed to class action or other litigation relating to alcohol advertising
product liability
 alcohol abuse problems or health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. It is also possible that governments
could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions
of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry
 and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
could be named in litigation of this type.

Also
lawsuits have been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted
underage consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing
and promotions violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment
of the family funds expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar
lawsuits in the future. Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend
against
 depleting our cash and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our
business could be harmed significantly.

Regulatory
decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our
margins.

Our
business is subject to extensive regulation in all of the countries in which we operate. This may include regulations regarding
production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these
regulations and to maintain various permits and licenses. We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses
to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell beverage alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental
regulations applicable to our industry will not change or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations
are subject to interpretation
 we may not be able to predict when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to
increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems
 including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism
and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol
 various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or
limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current
or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or
even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm
our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise our prices in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand
for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.


    
    


Also
the distribution of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation both in the U.S. and internationally (and
 in the
U.S.
 at both the federal and state government levels)
 and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import
and excise duties in most countries around the world. An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly
harm our sales revenue and margins
 both through the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to
lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol.

We
could face product liability or other related liabilities that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation.

Although
we maintain liability insurance and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these
measures may not be sufficient for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited
to $1.0 million per occurrence and $2.0 million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $10.0
million. Further
 any contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
as a practical matter
 to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these
suppliers. In any event
 extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm
our reputation.

Contamination
of our products and/or counterfeit or confusingly similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer
support for
 our brands and decrease our sales.

The
success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally
or through deliberate third-party action
 or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect
the demand for our products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products
or defects in the distillation
 fermentation or bottling processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
or injury to
 consumers of our products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. We may also
be required to recall products in the event of contamination or damage. Also
 to the extent that third parties sell products that
are either counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands could confuse our products
with products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn
could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.

Risks
Relating to Owning Our Stock


The
price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly
 and this may make it difficult for you to resell the shares of our stock
at prices you find attractive.

The
trading price of our common stock
 as reported by the NYSE MKT
 has ranged from a low of $0.65 to a high of $1.63 per share for
the 52 week period ended March 31
 2017. We expect that the market price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate significantly.

The
market price of our stock may fluctuate in response to numerous factors
 many of which are beyond our control. These factors include:



    
variations
    in quarterly operating results;

    
    

    
general
    economic and business conditions;

    
    

    
trading
    prices of similar securities; 

    
    

    
fluctuations
    in stock market prices and volume;

    
    

    
our
    announcements of significant contracts
 milestones or acquisitions;

    
    

    
our
    relationships with other companies
 including our suppliers and distributors;

    
    

    
our
    ability to obtain needed capital;

    
    

    
sales
    of common stock
 conversion of securities convertible into common stock
 exercise of options to purchase common stock or termination
    of stock transfer restrictions;

    
    

    
changes
    in financial estimates by securities analysts;

    
    

    
additions
    or departures of key personnel;

    
    

    
the
    initiation or outcome of litigation or arbitration proceedings; and

    
    

    
legislation
    or regulatory policies
 practices or actions.


Any
one of these factors could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Also
 the stock market in recent years
has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have materially affected the market prices of equity securities
of many companies and that often have been unrelated to such companies&rsquo; operating performance. These market fluctuations
have adversely impacted the price of our common stock in the past and may do so in the future. Also
 shareholders may initiate
securities class action lawsuits if the market price of our stock drops significantly
 which may cause us to incur substantial
costs and divert our management&rsquo;s time and attention. These factors
 among others
 could significantly depress the price
of our common stock.



    
    


We
may not be able to maintain our listing on the NYSE MKT
 which may limit the ability of our shareholders to sell their common
stock.

If
we do not meet the NYSE MKT continued listing criteria
 we may be delisted and trading of our common stock could be conducted
in the OTC Bulletin Board or the interdealer quotation systems of the OTC Markets Group Inc. In such case
 a shareholder likely
would find it more difficult to trade our common stock or to obtain accurate market quotations for it. If our common stock is
delisted
 it will become subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock rules
&rdquo; which impose
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell that common stock to persons other than established customers and &ldquo;accredited
investors.&rdquo; Application of this rule could make broker-dealers unable or unwilling to sell our common stock and limit the
ability of shareholders to sell their common stock in the secondary market.

Our
executive officers
 directors and principal shareholders own a substantial percentage of our voting stock
 which allows them to
significantly influence matters requiring shareholder approval. They could make business decisions for us that cause our stock
price to decline.

As
of June 9
 2017
 our executive officers
 directors and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 41.8% of our common
stock
 including options that are exercisable within 60 days of the date of this annual report and assuming full exercise of such
options and conversion of our 5% October 2013 convertible notes held by such persons. As a result
 if they act in concert
they could significantly influence matters requiring approval by our shareholders
 including the election of directors
 and could
have the ability to prevent or cause a corporate transaction
 even if other shareholders oppose such action. This concentration
of voting power could also have the effect of delaying
 deterring
 or preventing a change of control or other business combination
which could cause our stock price to decline.

Provisions
in our articles of incorporation
 our bylaws and Florida law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us
 discourage
a takeover and adversely affect existing shareholders.

Our
articles of incorporation
 our bylaws and the Florida Business Corporation Act contain provisions that may have the effect of
making more difficult
 delaying
 or deterring attempts by others to obtain control of our company
 even when these attempts may
be in the best interests of our shareholders. These include provisions limiting the shareholders&rsquo; powers to remove directors.
Our articles of incorporation also authorize our board of directors
 without shareholder approval
 to issue one or more series
of preferred stock
 which could have voting and conversion rights that adversely affect or dilute the voting power of the holders
of our common stock. Florida law also imposes conditions on certain &ldquo;affiliated transactions&rdquo; with &ldquo;interested
shareholders.&rdquo;

These
provisions and others that could be adopted in the future could deter unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in our
control or management
 including transactions in which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then
current market prices. These provisions may also limit the ability of shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem
to be in their best interests.


    
    


Negative
publicity could affect our stock price and business performance.

Unfavorable
media related to our industry
 company
 brands
 marketing
 personnel
 operations
 business performance
 or prospects could negatively
affect our corporate reputation
 stock price
 ability to attract high quality talent
 and/or the performance of our business
regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. Adverse publicity or negative commentary on social media outlets could cause consumers
to avoid our brands and/or choose brands offered by our competitors
 which could negatively affect our financial results.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties

Our
executive offices are located in New York
 NY
 where we lease approximately 5
000 square feet of office space under a lease that
expires in February 2020. We also lease approximately 750 square feet of office space in Dublin
 Ireland under a lease that expires
in October 2019 and approximately 1
700 square feet of office space in Houston
 TX under a lease that expires in June 2018.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings

We
believe that neither we nor any of our wholly-owned subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
 in the opinion of our
management
 is likely to have a material adverse effect on us.

We
may
 however
 become involved in litigation from time to time relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business.
These claims
 even if not meritorious
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not
applicable.

PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Price
range of common stock

Our
common stock trades on the NYSE MKT under the symbol &ldquo;ROX.&rdquo; The following table sets forth the high and low sales
prices for our common stock for the periods specified.



Fiscal
    2017
    
    

First Quarter
    (April 1 &mdash; June 30
 2016)
    
    

Second Quarter (July
    1 &mdash; September 30
 2016)
    
    

Third Quarter (October
    1 &mdash; December 31
 2016)
    
    

Fourth Quarter (January
    1 &mdash; March 31
 2017)
    
    

    
    
    

Fiscal
    2016
    
    

First Quarter (April
    1 &mdash; June 30
 2015)
    
    

Second Quarter (July
    1 &mdash; September 30
 2015)
    
    

Third Quarter (October
    1 &mdash; December 31
 2015)
    
    

Fourth Quarter (January
    1 &mdash; March 31
 2016)
    
    




At
June 9
 2017
 there were approximately 175 record holders of our common stock.


    
    


Dividend
policy

We
did not declare or pay any cash dividends in fiscal 2017 or 2016 and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends with respect to
our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any earnings for use in the operation of our business
and to fund future growth. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at our board&rsquo;s discretion and will depend
upon our financial condition
 operating results
 capital requirements and such other factors as our board deems relevant. Further
our ability to declare and pay cash dividends is restricted by certain covenants in our loan agreements.

Equity
Compensation Plan Information

The
following table sets forth information at March 31
 2017 regarding compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized
for issuance.



Plan
    category
Number
 options


    stock and
    
 options
 warrants

Number
    of

Equity compensation plans
    approved by security holders
15
798
558
    
11
711
000

Equity compensation
    plans not approved by security holders
    
    
    

    
15
798
558
    
11
711
000


Item
6. Selected Financial Data

The
selected financial data set forth below is derived from our audited consolidated financial statements. You should read this selected
financial data together with Item 7
 &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo;
and the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K:




    
    
Years
    ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

(in thousands
 except
    per share data):
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales
    net (1)
    
    
77
269
    
    
    
72
220
    
    
    
57
457
    
    
    
48
140
    
    
    
41
443
    

    
    
    
31
700
    
    
    
28
554
    
    
    
21
573
    
    
    
17
604
    
    
    
14
320
    

    
    
    
20
122
    
    
    
19
223
    
    
    
15
255
    
    
    
12
530
    
    
    
11
265
    

Operating income
    (loss) (2)
    
    
1
905
    
    
    
1
006
    
    
    
(1
078
    
    
    
(1
320
    
    
    
(4
402
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income
 before item
    shown below
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
195
    
    
    
(3
170
    
    
    
(5
259
    

Net
    change in fair value of warrant liability
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
392
    
    
    
    
    

Income
 before provision
    for income taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
195
    
    
    
(8
562
    
    
    
(4
957
    

Income
    tax (expense) benefit (3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
451
    
    
    
(1
279
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
707
    
    
    
(3
474
    
    
    
(7
972
    
    
    
(4
839
    

Net
    income attributable to noncontrolling interests
    
    
(1
359
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss attributable
    to controlling interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
517
    
    
    
(3
800
    
    
    
(8
907
    
    
    
(5
449
    

Dividends
    to preferred shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
517
    
    
    
(3
800
    
    
    
(9
292
    
    
    
(6
193
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss per common
    share basic and diluted (4)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average
    shares outstanding basic and diluted
    
    
160
812
    
    
    
159
380
    
    
    
155
456
    
    
    
116
511
    
    
    
108
509
    





    
    
Sales
 net includes
    excise taxes of $7
646
 $7
452
 $6
754
 $6
421 and $5
964
 respectively
 for fiscal 2017 - 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Operating loss for
    the year ended March 31
 2013 includes a $1
716 loss on wine assets.

    
    
    

    
    
Consists of federal
    state and local taxes attributable to GCP
 which did not file a consolidated return.

    
    
    

    
    
Per share computations
    were impacted positively by the increase in shares outstanding in each of the above years.




    
    






    
    
As
    of March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Selected
    balance sheet data
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash and
    cash equivalents
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
431
    
    
    
1
192
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
31
171
    
    
    
27
854
    
    
    
24
167
    
    
    
17
575
    
    
    
12
454
    

    
    
    
54
342
    
    
    
48
610
    
    
    
42
546
    
    
    
35
048
    
    
    
31
624
    

    
    
    
34
920
    
    
    
13
975
    
    
    
12
789
    
    
    
7
575
    
    
    
9
298
    

    
    
    
49
876
    
    
    
26
540
    
    
    
22
944
    
    
    
16
586
    
    
    
20
207
    

Total controlling
    shareholders&rsquo; equity
    
    
1
987
    
    
    
18
906
    
    
    
17
058
    
    
    
16
224
    
    
    
10
134
    


Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations



Our
objective is to continue building Castle Brands into a profitable international spirits company
 with a distinctive portfolio
of premium and super premium spirits brands. To achieve this
 we continue to seek to:



    
    
focus
 We continue to focus our distribution efforts
 sales expertise and targeted
    marketing activities on our more profitable brands and markets;

    
    
    

    
    
grow
 We believe that continued organic growth will enable us to achieve long-term profitability. We focus
    on brands that have profitable growth potential and staying power
 such as our rums and whiskeys
 sales of which have grown
    substantially in recent years;

    
    
    

    
    
build
 We use our existing assets
 expertise and resources to build consumer awareness and market penetration
    for our brands;

    
    
    

    
    
leverage
 Our established distribution network in all 50 U.S. states enables us to promote our brands
    nationally and makes us an attractive strategic partner for smaller companies seeking U.S. distribution; and

    
    
    

    
    
selectively
 We intend to continue to introduce new brand extensions and
    expressions. For example
 we have leveraged our successful Jefferson&rsquo;s portfolio by introducing a number of brand extensions.
    Additionally
 we recently added the Arran Scotch Whiskies to our portfolio as agency brands. We continue to explore strategic
    relationships
 joint ventures and acquisitions to selectively expand our premium spirits portfolio. We expect that future
    acquisitions or agency relations
 if any
 would involve some combination of cash
 debt and the issuance of our stock.


Recent
Developments


On
March 29
 2017
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement under which we acquired 201
000 shares (the &ldquo;GCP Share Acquisition&rdquo;)
of the common stock of Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 or GCP
 representing a 20.1% equity interest in GCP. GCP is a strategic global
export venture between Castle Brands and the Gosling family. As a result of the completion of the GCP Share Acquisition
 our total
equity interest in GCP increased to 80.1%. The consideration for the GCP Share Acquisition was (i) $20
000
000 in cash and (ii)
1
800
000 shares of our common stock
 which shares are subject to an 18 month lockup covenant. As a result of the GCP Share
Acquisition
 GCP will file as part of our U.S. federal consolidated income tax group for periods subsequent to the acquisition.

In
connection with the GCP Share Acquisition
 we also entered into an Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement and an Export Agreement
Amendment. Under the Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement
 our subsidiary
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&ldquo;CB-USA&rdquo;)
continues as the exclusive long-term importer and distributor of certain beverage products
 including &ldquo;Goslings Rum&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer&rdquo; (collectively
 the &ldquo;Distribution Products&rdquo;) throughout the United States
and such other markets as may be added by mutual consent of the parties (the &ldquo;Distribution Territory&rdquo;). The initial
term of the Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement extends through March 31
 2030
 with automatic ten-year renewal terms
thereafter
 subject to specific termination rights held by each party. The Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement automatically
terminates upon the termination
 for any reason
 of the Export Agreement. CB-USA will purchase Distribution Products from GCP
for distribution in the Distribution Territory at prices set forth in the Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement
 as may
be mutually changed by the parties. CB-USA is entitled to receive a net margin amount
 certain reimbursement costs
 and a specified
fee to defray normal overhead costs
 all as specified in the Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement. GCP will maintain primary
responsibility and bear the costs for the overall marketing
 advertising
 and promotion of the Distribution Products. Also
 CB-USA
has a right of first refusal regarding the distribution of any other current or future rum or ginger beer products GCP currently
maintains in
 or adds to
 its product line for sale in the Distribution Territory.


Under
the Export Agreement Amendment
 GCP maintains all global distribution rights (with the exception of Bermuda) during the term of
the Export Agreement and continues as the exclusive authorized global exporter of certain beverage products (the &ldquo;Export
Products&rdquo;) in all national or international markets
 except Bermuda. The Export Agreement Amendment
 among other things
assigns to GCP global distribution and exporting rights to Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer and all other Goslings Ginger Beer products
and extends the initial term of the Export Agreement from 15 to 25 years
 through March 31
 2030
 with ten-year renewal terms
thereafter
 subject to specific termination rights held by each party. Under the Export Agreement Amendment
 in the event Gosling&rsquo;s
Export decides to sell any or all of its trademarks (or other intellectual property rights) relating to the Export Products (other
than Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer) during the term of the Export Agreement
 GCP has a right of first refusal to purchase the trademark(s)
(and intellectual property rights
 if applicable) at the same price being offered by a bona fide third-party offeror. If GCP does
not exercise its right of first refusal
 then we will acquire an identical right of first refusal. In the event Gosling&rsquo;s
Export decides to sell any or all of its Export Products and/or trademark(s)
 whether sold to an affiliate
 a third party
 GCP
or us
 GCP is entitled to share in the proceeds of such sale
 as specified in the Export Agreement Amendment. A copy of the Amended
and Restated Distribution Agreement and a Restated Export Agreement are filed as exhibits to this annual report on Form 10-K.
See Note


    
    


Operations
overview

We
generate revenue through the sale of our products to our network of wholesale distributors or
 in control states
 state-operated
agencies
 which
 in turn
 distribute our products to retail outlets. In the U.S.
 our sales price per case includes excise tax
and import duties
 which are also reflected as a corresponding increase in our cost of sales. Most of our international sales
are sold &ldquo;in bond&rdquo;
 with the excise taxes paid by our customers upon shipment
 thereby resulting in lower relative
revenue as well as a lower relative cost of sales
 although some of our United Kingdom sales are sold &ldquo;tax paid&rdquo;
as in the U.S. The difference between sales and net sales principally reflects adjustments for various distributor incentives.

Our
gross profit is determined by the prices at which we sell our products
 our ability to control our cost of sales
 the relative
mix of our case sales by brand and geography and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our cost of sales is principally
driven by our cost of procurement
 bottling and packaging
 which differs by brand
 as well as freight and warehousing costs. We
purchase certain products
 such as Goslings rums and ginger beer
 Pallini liqueurs
 Arran whiskies
 Gozio amaretto and Tierras
tequila
 as finished goods. For other products
 such as Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons
 we purchase the components
 including the
distilled spirits
 bottles and packaging materials
 and have arrangements with third parties for bottling and packaging. Our U.S.
sales typically have a higher absolute gross margin than in other markets
 as sales prices per case are generally higher in the
U.S.

Selling
expense principally includes advertising and marketing expenditures and compensation paid to our marketing and sales personnel.
Our selling expense
 as a percentage of sales and per case
 is higher than that of our competitors because of our brand development
costs
 level of marketing expenditures and established sales force versus our relatively small base of case sales and sales volumes.
However
 we believe that maintaining an infrastructure capable of supporting future growth is the correct long-term approach for
us.

While
we expect the absolute level of selling expense to increase in the coming years
 we expect selling expense as a percentage of
revenues and on a per case basis to decline or remain constant
 as our volumes expand and our sales team sells a larger number
of brands.

General
and administrative expense relates to corporate and administrative functions that support our operations and includes administrative
payroll
 occupancy and related expenses and professional services. We expect general and administrative expense in fiscal 2018
to be higher than fiscal 2017 due to costs associated with increased infrastructure to support our growth. However
 we expect
our general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales to decline due to economies of scale.

We
expect to increase our case sales in the U.S. and internationally over the next several years through organic growth
 and through
the introduction of product line extensions
 acquisitions and distribution agreements. We will seek to maintain liquidity and
manage our working capital and overall capital resources during this period of anticipated growth to achieve our long-term objectives
although there is no assurance that we will be able to do so.

We
continue to believe the following industry trends will create growth opportunities for us
 including:



    
    
the
    divestiture of smaller and emerging non-core brands by major spirits companies as they continue to consolidate;

    
    
    

    
    
increased
    barriers to entry
 particularly in the U.S.
 due to continued consolidation and the difficulty in establishing an extensive
    distribution network
 such as the one we maintain; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    trend by small private and family-owned spirits brand owners to partner with
 or be acquired by
 a company with global distribution.
    We expect to be an attractive alternative to our larger competitors for these brand owners as one of the few modestly-sized
    publicly-traded spirits companies.




based upon growing existing brands
 partnering with other brands and acquiring smaller and emerging brands. To identify
potential partner and acquisition candidates we plan to rely on our management&rsquo;s industry experience and our extensive network
of industry contacts. We also plan to maintain and grow our U.S. and international distribution channels so that we are more attractive
to spirits companies who are looking for a route to market for their products. We expect to compete for foreign and small private
and family-owned spirits brands by offering flexible and creative structures
 which present an alternative to the larger spirits
companies.

We
intend to finance any future brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash resources
 third party financing and
in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a
significant effect on our financial position
 and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results.
Also
 the pursuit of acquisitions and other new business relationships may require significant management attention. We may not
be able to successfully identify attractive acquisition candidates
 obtain financing on favorable terms or complete these types
of transactions in a timely manner and on terms acceptable to us
 if at all.


    
    


Financial
performance overview

The
following table provides information regarding our spirits case sales for the periods presented based on nine-liter equivalent
cases
 which is a standard spirits industry metric (table excludes related non-alcoholic beverage products):



    
Year
    ended March 31


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

United
    States
341
256
340
782
    
310
106

    
75
113
85
558
    
82
632

    
    
    
    
    

    
416
369
426
340
    
392
738

    
    
    
    
    

    
180
914
180
698
    
171
189

    
109
223
109
990
    
84
713

    
93
201
91
010
    
89
369

    
31
907
43
608
    
46
347

    
1
124
1
034
    
1
106

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
416
369
426
340
    
392
738

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    


The
following table provides information regarding our case sales of related non-alcoholic beverage products
 which primarily consists
of Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 for the periods presented:



    
Year
    ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

United
    States
1
326
140
1
070
173
682
190

    
61
740
45
101
33
232

    
    
    
    

    
1
387
880
1
115
274
715
422

    
    
    
    

United
    States
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


Critical
accounting policies and estimates

A
number of estimates and assumptions affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 amounts of sales and expenses and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate these estimates and assumptions
based on historical experience and other factors and circumstances. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable under
the circumstances; however
 actual results may differ from these estimates.

We
believe that the estimates and assumptions discussed below are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and
results of operations in that they require our most difficult
 subjective or complex judgments and form the basis for the accounting
policies deemed to be most critical to our operations.

Revenue
recognition

We
recognize revenue from product sales when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss
has passed to the customer under the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination) and collection is reasonably assured.
We do not offer a right of return but will accept returns if we shipped the wrong product or wrong quantity. Revenue is not recognized
on shipments to control states in the U.S. until such time as the product is sold through to the retail channel.

Accounts
receivable

We
record trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible
accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the trade accounts receivable balances and charged to the allowance for doubtful accounts.
We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables
and our relationships with
 and economic status of
 our customers.

Inventory
valuation



 which
consists of distilled spirits
 non-beverage alcohol products
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 cans
 labels and caps)
 packaging
excise taxes
 freight and finished goods
 is valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method.
We assess the valuation of our inventories and reduce the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of
our forecasted usage to their estimated realizable value. We estimate the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses
and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 future demand and market requirements. Reduction to the carrying
value of inventories is recorded in cost of goods sold.


    
    


Goodwill
and other intangible assets

At
each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 we had $0.5 million of goodwill that arose from acquisitions. Goodwill represents the excess
of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses
acquired. Intangible assets with indefinite lives consist primarily of rights
 trademarks
 trade names and formulations. We are
required to analyze our goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment on an annual basis as well as
when events and circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. In testing goodwill for impairment
 we have the option
to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that
it is more likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.
If we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than not
 we are then required
to perform a quantitative impairment test
 otherwise no further analysis is required. We may also elect not to perform the qualitative
assessment and
 instead
 proceed direct to the quantitative impairment test. Under the goodwill qualitative assessment
 various
events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of a reporting unit are identified
 including
 but not limited
to: prior years&rsquo; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
 Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry
developments
 and the economic environment.

Under
the goodwill two-step quantitative impairment test we evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible
assets at the reporting unit level. In the first step the fair value for the reporting unit is compared to its book value including
goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the book value
 a second step is performed which compares the implied
fair value of the reporting unit&rsquo;s goodwill to the book value of the goodwill. The fair value for the goodwill is determined
based on the difference between the fair values of the reporting units and the net fair values of the identifiable assets and
liabilities of such reporting units. If the fair value of the goodwill is less than the book value
 the difference is recognized
as an impairment.

Under
the goodwill qualitative assessment at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated
fair value of each reporting unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&rsquo; impairment testing results
budget to actual results
 Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based
on this assessment
 we determined that no quantitative assessment was required. We did not record any impairment on goodwill or
other intangible assets for fiscal 2017
 2016 or 2015.

Intangible
assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to the estimated residual values
and reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
We are required to amortize intangible assets with estimable useful lives over their respective estimated useful lives to the
estimated residual values and to review intangible assets with estimable useful lives for impairment in accordance with the Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-lived Assets.&rdquo;

Stock-based
awards

We
follow current authoritative guidance regarding stock-based compensation
 which requires all share-based payments
 including grants
of stock options and restricted stock
 to be recognized in the income statement as an operating expense
 based on their fair values
on the grant date. Stock-based compensation was $1.6 million
 $1.4 million and $0.8 million for fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
respectively. We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of options and restricted stock granted.
The assumptions used in valuing the options granted during fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015 are included in note 12 to our accompanying
consolidated financial statements.

Fair
value of financial instruments

ASC
825
 &ldquo;Financial Instruments&rdquo;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument
could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial
instruments. We believe that there is no material difference between the fair value and the reported amounts of financial instruments
in the balance sheets due to the short-term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the debt
 as compared to the current
borrowing rates available to us.


    
    


Results
of operations

The
following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 the percentage of net sales of certain items in our consolidated financial
statements.




    
    
Year
    ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation and
    amortization
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income (loss)
    from operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income from equity investment in non-consolidated
    affiliate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Interest expense
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    before provision for income taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income tax expense
    net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income attributable
    to noncontrolling interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss attributable
    to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
following is a reconciliation of net loss attributable to common shareholders to EBITDA
 as adjusted:




    
    
Year
    ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to common shareholders
    
    
(852
613
    
    
    
(2
516
368
    
    
    
(3
799
742
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Interest expense
    net
    
    
1
335
241
    
    
    
1
088
539
    
    
    
1
129
047
    

Income tax expense
    net
    
    
187
702
    
    
    
1
450
848
    
    
    
1
278
999
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
    
    
1
030
093
    
    
    
939
513
    
    
    
907
540
    

EBITDA income
    (loss)
    
    
1
700
423
    
    
    
962
532
    
    
    
(484
156
    

Allowance for doubtful
    accounts
    
    
123
200
    
    
    
61
000
    
    
    
236
000
    

Allowance for obsolete
    inventory
    
    
240
000
    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
281
000
    

Stock-based compensation
    expense
    
    
1
577
994
    
    
    
1
370
556
    
    
    
787
710
    

    
    
    
346
704
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other expense (income)
    net
    
    
10
660
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(16
602
    

Income from equity
    investment in non-consolidated affiliate
    
    
(51
430
    
    
    
(18
667
    
    
    
    
    

Foreign exchange (income)
    loss
    
    
(83
707
    
    
    
190
867
    
    
    
4
564
    

Net
    income attributable to noncontrolling interests
    
    
1
359
145
    
    
    
809
662
    
    
    
325
829
    

EBITDA
 as adjusted
    
    
5
222
989
    
    
    
3
576
616
    
    
    
1
134
345
    


Earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 or EBITDA
 adjusted for allowances for doubtful
accounts and obsolete inventory
 stock-based compensation expense
 transaction fees
 other expense (income)
 net
 income from equity
investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 foreign exchange and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is a key metric
we use in evaluating our financial performance. EBITDA
 as adjusted
 is considered a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by Regulation
G promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. We consider EBITDA
 as adjusted
 important in evaluating
our performance on a consistent basis across various periods. Due to the significance of non-cash and non-recurring items
 EBITDA
as adjusted
 enables our Board of Directors and management to monitor and evaluate the business on a consistent basis. We use EBITDA
as adjusted
 as a primary measure
 among others
 to analyze and evaluate financial and strategic planning decisions regarding future
operating investments and allocation of capital resources. We believe that EBITDA
 as adjusted
 eliminates items that are not indicative
of our core operating performance or are based on management&rsquo;s estimates
 such as allowance accounts
 are due to changes
in valuation
 such as the effects of changes in foreign exchange or do not involve a cash outlay
 such as stock-based compensation
expense. Our presentation of EBITDA
 as adjusted
 should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected
by unusual or non-recurring items or by non-cash items
 such as stock-based compensation
 which is expected to remain a key element
in our long-term incentive compensation program. EBITDA
 as adjusted
 should be considered in addition to
 rather than as a substitute
for
 income from operations
 net income and cash flows from operating activities.


    
    


Our
EBITDA
 as adjusted
 improved to $5.2 million for the year ended March 31
 2017
 as compared to $3.6 million for the prior
fiscal year
 primarily as a result of our increased sales and gross profit. Our EBITDA
 as adjusted
 improved to $3.6 million
for the year ended March 31
 2016
 as compared to $1.1 million for the prior year
 primarily as a result of our increased sales
and gross profit.

Fiscal
2017 compared with fiscal 2016


Net
sales. 
 2017
 as compared to $72.2 million for the prior
fiscal year
 primarily due to U.S. sales growth of Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 partially offset
by decreases in vodka and international Irish whiskey sales. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 sales of our Goslings Stormy Ginger
Beer increased 23.3% to $20.0 million. We anticipate continued growth of Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer in the near
term due to the popularity of cocktails containing ginger beer
 Goslings brand awareness and the distribution to large national
and regional retailers and on-premise accounts
 although there is no assurance that we will attain such results. We continue to
focus on our faster growing brands and markets
 both in the U.S. and internationally.

The
table below presents the increase or decrease
 as applicable
 in case sales by spirits product category for the year ended March
31
 2017 as compared to the year ended March 31
 2016:



    
    
    

    
in
    case sales
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
046
    
    

    
    
7
356
    
    

    
2
191
2
213
    
    

    
(11
701
(11
231
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(9
971
    
    
    


Our
international spirits case sales as a percentage of total spirits case sales decreased to 18.0% for the year ended March 31
 2017
as compared to 20.1% for the prior fiscal year
 primarily due to decreased Irish whiskey and rum sales in certain international
markets resulting in part from the timing of shipments to large retailers in Great Britain and Scandinavia.

The
following table presents the increase in case sales of related non-alcoholic beverage products for the year ended March 31
 2017
as compared to the year ended March 31
 2016:



    
    
    

    
in
    case sales
    

    
    
    
    
    

Related Non-Alcoholic Beverage
    Products
272
606
255
967
    
    



Gross
Gross profit increased 11.0% to $31.7 million for
the year ended March 31
 2017 from $28.6 million for the prior fiscal year
 while gross margin increased to 41.0% for the year
ended March 31
 2017 as compared to 39.5% for the prior fiscal year. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to increased
aggregate revenue in the current period. During each of the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016
 we recorded additions to allowance
for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $0.2 million. We recorded these write-offs and allowances on both raw materials and
finished goods
 primarily in connection with label and packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as certain cost estimates
and variances. The net charges have been recorded as an increase to cost of sales in the relevant period. Net of the allowances
for obsolete inventories
 gross margin for the year ended March 31
 2017 was 41.2% as compared to 39.8% for the prior-year
period.

Selling
expense
 2017 from $19.2 million for the prior
fiscal year
 primarily due to a $0.3 million increase in advertising
 marketing and promotion expense related to the timing
of certain sales and marketing programs
 including Goslings&rsquo; sponsorship of the 35th America&rsquo;s Cup
 and a $0.9 million
increase in salaries and personnel expense due to increased staff and compensation costs
 including a $0.2 million increase
in travel and entertainment expense
 partially offset by a $0.3 million decrease in shipping costs from lower sales volume.
Selling expense as a percentage of net sales decreased to 26.0% for the year ended March 31
 2017 as compared to 26.6% for the
prior fiscal year due to increased sales.

General
and administrative expense
2017 from $7.4 million for the prior fiscal year
 primarily due to a $0.5 million increase in salaries and personnel expense due
to increased staff and compensation costs
 $0.3 million increase in professional fees due to the GCP Share Acquisition
and a $0.1 million increase each in insurance costs
 occupancy expense and stock compensation expense for our Board of
Directors. Increased revenue for the year partially offset the increase in general and administrative expenses
 which resulted
in general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales increasing to 11.2% for the year ended March 31
 2017 as compared
to 10.2% for the prior fiscal year.


    
    



Depreciation
and amortization. 
 2017 as compared
to $0.9 million for the prior fiscal year.

Income
from operations
 we had income from operations of $1.9 million for the year ended March
31
 2017 as compared to income from operations of $1.0 million for the prior fiscal year. As a result of our focus on our stronger
growth markets and better performing brands
 and expected growth from our existing brands
 we anticipate improved results of operations
in the near term as compared to prior years
 although there is no assurance that we will attain such results.

Income
tax expense
 net.
 net is the estimated tax expense primarily attributable to the net taxable income recorded
by our GCP subsidiary
 adjusted for changes in the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability during the periods
 and was net
expense of ($0.2) million for the year ended March 31
 2017 as compared to net expense of ($1.5) million for the prior
fiscal year. The net tax expense for the year ended March 31
 2017 is net of a $0.4 million tax benefit from the change
in our deferred tax liability.

Foreign
exchange gain (loss).
 2017 was $0.1 million as compared to a loss of ($0.2)
million for the prior fiscal year due to the net effects of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and its impact on
our Euro-denominated intercompany balances due to our foreign subsidiaries for inventory purchases.

Interest
expense
 net.
 net of ($1.3) million for the year ended March 31
 2017 as compared to ($1.1) million
for the prior fiscal year due to balances outstanding under our credit facilities. Due to expected borrowings under credit facilities
to finance additional purchases of aged whiskies in support of the growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons and other working
capital needs
 we expect interest expense
 net to increase in the near term as compared to prior years.

Net
income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
for the year ended March 31
 2017 as compared to $0.8 million for the prior fiscal year
 both the result of net income allocated
to the 40.0% noncontrolling interests in GCP. The change in noncontrolling interests from our acquisition of an additional 20.1%
of GCP occurred at the end of March 2017 and was immaterial on our results.

Net
As a result of the net effects of the foregoing
 net
loss attributable to common shareholders improved to ($0.9) million for the year ended March 31
 2017 as compared to
($2.5) million for the prior fiscal year. Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 was ($0.01) per share for the
year ended March 31
 2017 as compared to ($0.02) for the prior fiscal year.

Fiscal
2016 compared with fiscal 2015

Net
sales.
 2016
 as compared to $57.5 million for the
prior fiscal year
 due to sales growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s portfolio and our Goslings rum and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
partially offset by decreases in sales of vodka. Also
 for the year ended March 31
 2016
 sales of our Goslings Stormy Ginger
Beer increased by 400
223 cases
 or 56.0%
 overall
 including a 388
354 case increase
 or 57.0%
 in U.S. case sales as compared
to the prior year. We anticipate continued growth of Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer in the near term due to the popularity of cocktails
containing ginger beer and Goslings brand awareness
 although there is no assurance that we will attain such results. We continue
to focus on our faster growing brands and markets
 both in the U.S. and internationally.


    
    


The
table below presents the increase or decrease
 as applicable
 in case sales by spirits product category for the year ended March
31
 2016 as compared to the year ended March 31
 2015:



    
    
    

    
in
    case sales
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
9
509
9
452
    
    

    
25
277
20
734
    
    

    
1
641
2
644
    
    

    
(2
739
(2
068
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
33
602
30
676
    
    


Our
international spirits case sales as a percentage of total spirits case sales decreased to 20.1% for the year ended March 31
 2016
as compared to 21.0% for the prior year
 primarily due to the timing of shipments of rum to our international wholesaler.

The
following table presents the increase in case sales of related non-alcoholic beverage products for the year ended March 31
 2016
as compared to the year ended March 31
 2015:



    
    
    

    
in
    case sales
    

    
    
    
    
    

Related Non-Alcoholic Beverage
    Products
399
852
387
983
    
    


Gross
profit.
 2016 from $21.6 million for the prior fiscal
year
 and our gross margin increased to 39.5% for the year ended March 31
 2016 compared to 37.5% for the prior year. The increase
in gross profit was primarily due to increased sales volume and revenue in the current period
 while the increase in gross margin
was due to increased sales of our more profitable brands
 in particular the Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons
 partially offset by increased
sales of lower-margin Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer. During the year ended March 31
 2016
 we recorded an addition to allowance
for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $0.2 million
 as compared to $0.3 million for the prior fiscal year. We recorded these
allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with label and packaging changes made to certain
brands
 as well as certain cost variances. The net charges have been recorded as an increase to cost of sales in the relevant
period. Net of the allowance for obsolete inventory
 our gross margin for the year ended March 31
 2016 was 39.8% as compared
to 38.0% for the prior year.

Selling
expense.
 2016 from $15.3 million for the prior
year
 primarily due to a $2.7 million increase in advertising
 marketing and promotion expense related to increased sales volume
and the timing of certain sales and marketing programs
 America&rsquo;s Cup sponsorship
 and a $1.3
million increase in employee costs. The increase in sales resulted in selling expense as a percentage of net sales remaining relatively
constant at 26.6% for the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to 26.5% for the prior fiscal year.


General
and administrative expense
2016 from $6.5 million for the prior year
 primarily due to a $0.5 million increase in employee expense
 a $0.4 million increase
in professional fees and a $0.4 million increase in stock-based compensation expense
 offset by a $0.2 million decrease in provision
for bad debts and a $0.1 million decrease in insurance expense. Increased sales resulted in general and administrative expense
as a percentage of net sales decreasing to 10.2% for the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to 11.3% for the prior fiscal year.
As a result of our becoming an accelerated filer in fiscal 2015
 we experienced increased general and administrative
expense due to the costs and fees associated with the additional regulatory requirements.

Depreciation
and amortization.
 2016 and 2015.

Income
(loss) from operations
 results from operations improved to income of $1.0 million for the year
ended March 31
 2016 as compared to a loss of ($1.1) million for the prior year. As a result of our focus on our stronger growth
markets and better performing brands
 and expected growth from our existing brands
 we anticipate improved results of operations
in the near term as compared to prior years
 although there is no assurance that we will attain such results.

Income
tax expense
 net.
 net is the estimated tax expense attributable to the net taxable income recorded by
our 60% owned subsidiary
 GCP
 adjusted for changes in the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability during the periods
 and
was net expense of ($1.5) million for the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to net expense of ($1.3) million for the prior
year.

Foreign
exchange loss.
 2016 was ($0.2) million as compared to a de minimis loss
for the prior fiscal year due to the net effects of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and its impact on our Euro-denominated
intercompany balances due to our foreign subsidiaries for inventory purchases.


    
    


Interest
expense
 net.
 net of ($1.1) million for each of the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2015 due to balances
outstanding under our credit facilities. Due to expected borrowings under credit facilities to finance additional purchases of
aged whiskies in support of the growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons and other working capital needs
 we expect interest expense
net to increase in the near term as compared to prior years.

Net
income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to ($0.3) million for the prior year
 both the result of allocated net income recorded
by our 60% owned subsidiary
 GCP.

Net
loss attributable to common shareholders.
 net loss attributable to common
shareholders improved to ($2.5) million for the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to ($3.8) million for the prior year. Net
loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 was ($0.02) per share for each of the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2015.

Liquidity
and capital resources




Since
our inception
 we have incurred significant operating and net losses and have not generated positive cash flows from operations.
For the year ended March 31
 2017
 we had net income of $0.5 million
 and used cash of $1.7 million in operating activities.
As of March 31
 2017
 we had cash and cash equivalents of $0.6 million and had an accumulated deficit of $148.2 million.



    
    


Existing
Financing

We
and our wholly-owned subsidiary
 CB-USA
 are parties to an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &ldquo;Loan
Agreement&rdquo;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&ldquo;ACF&rdquo;)
 which provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions)
of a facility (the &ldquo;Credit Facility&rdquo;) to provide us with working capital
 including capital to finance purchases of
aged whiskeys in support of the growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons
 in the amount of $19.0 million
 including a sublimit
in the maximum principal amount of $7.0 million to permit us to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &ldquo;Purchased Inventory
Sublimit&rdquo;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement. The Credit Facility matures on July 31
 2019 (the
&ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;). The monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility amount (excluding the
Purchased Inventory Sublimit).

Pursuant
to the Loan Agreement
 we and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19.0 million and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated
in accordance with the Loan Agreement and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. We and CB-USA may prepay the Credit Facility in whole
or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaced our bourbon term loan (the &ldquo;Bourbon Term Loan&rdquo;)
 which was paid in full
in May 2015.

In
connection with the Loan Agreement
 we entered into a Reaffirmation Agreement with (i) certain of our officers
 including John
Glover
 our Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 our Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 our Senior
Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer &amp; Secretary and (ii) certain junior lenders of ours
 including Frost Gamma
Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director of ours and a principal shareholder of ours
 Mark
E. Andrews
 III
 a director of ours and our Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director of ours and our President
and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director of ours
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of ours
and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of ours
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a
director of ours
 is a director and Phillip Frost
 M.D. is a principal shareholder
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing
Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 us and ACF.


ACF
required as a condition to entering into an amendment to the Loan Agreement in August 2015 that ACF enter into a participation
agreement with certain related parties of ours
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
Richard J. Lampen ($100
000)
 Brian L. Heller
 our Special Counsel and Assistant Secretary ($42
500)
 and Alfred J. Small ($15
000)
to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the
proceeds thereof. The participation agreement provides that ACF&rsquo;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory
Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4.9
million. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. We are
not a party to the participation agreement. However
 we and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including
the related party junior participants) pursuant to which we and CB-USA were obligated to pay the junior participants a closing
fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the amendment to the Loan Agreement and are obligated to pay a commitment fee of $18
000
on each anniversary of the effective date until the junior participants&rsquo; obligations are terminated pursuant to the participation
agreement.

We
may borrow up to the maximum amount of the Credit Facility
 provided that we have a sufficient borrowing base (as defined in the
Loan Agreement). The Credit Facility interest rate (other than with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit) is the rate that
when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.0%. The interest rate
applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit is the rate
 that when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
(b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average
daily unpaid principal amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &ldquo;Default&rdquo;
or &ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo; (as defined under the Loan Agreement) we are required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25%
per annum above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. The Loan Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further
interest rate reductions in the future. The Credit Facility currently bears interest at 6.5% (reflecting a discount for achieving
one such EBITDA target) and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit currently bears interest at 8.25%. We are required to pay down the
principal balance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon
from our bourbon inventory stock purchased with funds borrowed under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit in an amount equal to the
purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Credit Facility
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
and all fees
 costs and expenses payable in connection with the Credit Facility
 are due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.
In addition to closing fees
 ACF receives facility fees and a collateral management fee (each as set forth in the Loan Agreement).
Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by the grant of a pledge and a security interest in all of our assets.

In
January 2017
 we acquired $1.0 million in aged bulk bourbon purchased under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. Certain related
parties
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($51
500)
 Richard J. Lampen ($34
333)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($17
167)
 Brian
L. Heller ($14
592) and Alfred J. Small ($5
150)
 were junior participants in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with respect to
such purchase.

The
Loan Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations
and affirmative and negative covenants. The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict our
ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 and make distributions or cash dividends. At March
31
 2017
 we were in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Loan Agreement.

In
March 2017
 we issued a promissory note to Frost Nevada Investments Trust (the &ldquo;Holder&rdquo;)
 an entity affiliated with
Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 in the aggregate principal amount of $20.0 million (the &ldquo;Subordinated Note&rdquo;). The purpose
of the Subordinated Note was to finance the GCP Share Acquisition. The Note bears interest quarterly at the rate of 11%
per annum. The principal and interest accrued thereon is due and payable in full on March 15
 2019. All claims of the Holder
to principal
 interest and any other amounts owed under the Subordinated Note are subordinated in right of payment to all
indebtedness of the Company existing as of the date of the Subordinated Note. The Subordinated Note contains customary
events of default and may be prepaid by the Company
 in whole or in part
 without penalty
 at any time.


    
    



In
December 2009
 GCP issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $0.2 million to Gosling&rsquo;s Export
in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. This note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject
to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity.


We
have arranged various credit facilities aggregating &euro;0.3 million or $0.3 million (translated at the December 31
 2016 exchange
rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving
credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
and call for interest at the lender&rsquo;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. We have deposited &euro;0.3 million or $0.3 million (translated
at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) with the bank to secure these borrowings.

In
October 2013
 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2.1 million of unsecured 5% convertible subordinated notes (the &ldquo;Convertible
Notes&rdquo;). We used a portion of the proceeds to finance the acquisition of additional bourbon inventory in support of the
growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbon brand.

The
Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum and mature on December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued
but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares
of our common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &ldquo;Conversion
Price&rdquo;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment
of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle
each noteholder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 the Convertible
Notes. The Convertible Note purchasers included certain related parties of ours
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000) and Vector Group Ltd. ($200
000).

We
may forcibly convert all or any part of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily
volume of the Common Stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for
trading) exceeds $50
000 per trading day and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for at least twenty (20)
trading days during any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current Conversion Price. Any forced
conversion will be applied ratably to the holders of all Convertible Notes based on each holder&rsquo;s then-current note holdings.

In
November 2014
 we entered into a distribution agreement (the &ldquo;2014 Distribution Agreement&rdquo;) with Barrington Research
Associates
 Inc. (&ldquo;Barrington&rdquo;) as sales agent
 under which we may issue and sell over time and from time to time
to or through Barrington
 shares (the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of our Common Stock having a gross sales price of up to $10.0 million.

Sales
of the Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an &ldquo;at-the-market&rdquo;
offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE MKT
LLC or any other existing trading market for the Common Stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
 and otherwise
to or through Barrington in accordance with the placement notices delivered by us to Barrington. Also
 with our prior consent
some of the Shares issued pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement may be sold in privately negotiated transactions.

No
shares were issued in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017 under the 2014 Distribution Agreement. As of June 9
 2017
 Shares
having a gross sales price of up to approximately $4.7 million remained available for issuance pursuant to the 2014 Distribution
Agreement.

Liquidity
Discussion

As
of March 31
 2017
 we had shareholders&rsquo; equity of $4.5 million as compared to $22.2 million at March 31
 2016. This
decrease in shareholders&rsquo; equity was due to our $0.4 million total comprehensive income for the year ended March 31
 2017
offset by our $22.4 million GCP Share Acquisition (comprised of $20 million in cash and 1.8 million shares of Common Stock)
 partially
offset by the exercise of stock options and stock-based compensation expense of $1.6 million.


of $31.2 million at March 31
 2017 as compared to $27.9 million at March 31
 2016
 primarily due to a $4.1 million increase
in inventory
 a $2.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and a $1.1 million increase in accounts receivable
 which was
partially offset by net income of $0.5 million
 a $2.2 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 stock based
compensation expense of $1.6 million
 a $0.8 million increase in due to related parties and depreciation and amortization expense
of $1.0 million.

As
of March 31
 2017
 we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $0.6 million
 as compared to $1.4 million as of March 31
2016. The decrease is primarily attributable to the funding of our operations and working capital needs. At March 31
 2017 and
2016
 we also had approximately $0.3 million of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for
overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 revolving credit and other working capital purposes.


    
    


The
following may materially affect our liquidity over the near-to-mid term:



    
    
continued
    cash losses from operations;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing should it be required;

    
    
    

    
    
an
    increase in working capital requirements to finance higher levels of inventories and accounts receivable;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to maintain and improve our relationships with our distributors and our routes to market;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to procure raw materials at a favorable price to support our level of sales;

    
    
    

    
    
potential
    acquisitions of additional brands; and

    
    
    

    
    
expansion
    into new markets and within existing markets in the U.S. and internationally.


We
continue to implement sales and marketing initiatives that we expect will generate cash flows from operations in the next few
years. We seek to grow our business through expansion to new markets
 growth in existing markets and strengthened distributor
relationships. As our brands continue to grow
 our working capital requirements will increase. In particular
 the growth of our
Jefferson&rsquo;s brands requires a significant amount of working capital relative to our other brands
 as we are required to
purchase and hold ever increasing amounts of aged bourbon to meet growing demand. While we are seeking solutions to our long-term
bourbon supply needs
 we are required to purchase and hold several years&rsquo; worth of aged bourbon in inventory until such
time as it is aged to our specific brand taste profiles
 increasing our working capital requirements and negatively impacting
cash flows.

We
may also seek additional brands and agency relationships to leverage our existing distribution platform. We intend to finance
any such brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash resources
 borrowings and
 in appropriate circumstances
additional issuances of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial
position
 could materially reduce our liquidity and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating
results. We continue to control expenses
 seek improvements in routes to market and contain production costs to improve cash flows.

We
intend to restructure a portion of our debt
 including the Convertible Notes and Subordinated Note
 by a combination of expanding
and extending the Loan Agreement and Credit Facility with ACF
 extending the term of the existing notes
 converting some or all
of the debt to equity or paying down the debt with funds that may be raised 2014 Distribution Agreement. If we are unable to restructure
or refinance our debt
 or are unable to raise equity on terms that are acceptable to us
 it could
have a significant effect on our financial position
 could materially reduce our liquidity and could cause substantial fluctuations
in our quarterly and yearly operating results.

As
of March 31
 2017
 we had borrowed $13.1 million of the $19.0 million available under the Credit Facility
 including $3.5 million
of the $7.0 million available under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 leaving $2.3 million in potential availability for working
capital needs under the Credit Facility and $3.5 million available for aged whiskey inventory purchases. As of June 9
 2017
 we
had borrowed $13.1 million of the $19.0 million available under the Credit Facility
 including $3.1 million of the
$7.0 million available under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 leaving $2.0 million in potential availability for working
capital needs under the Credit Facility and $3.9 million available for aged whiskey inventory purchases. We believe our
current cash and working capital
 the availability under the Credit Facility and the additional funds that may be raised under
the 2014 Distribution Agreement will enable us to fund our losses until we achieve profitability
 ensure continuity of supply
of our brands
 and support new brand initiatives and marketing programs through at least June 2018.

Cash
flows

The
following table summarizes our primary sources and uses of cash during the periods presented:



    
Year
    ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
(in
    thousands)

Net cash provided
    by (used in):
    
    
    

Operating
    activities
(1
723
(2
854
(8
852

    
(20
374
    
    

Financing
    activities
21
281
4
087
9
627

    
    
    
    

Effect
    of foreign currency translation
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Net
    (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents
    
    
    


Operating
 A substantial portion of available cash has been used to fund our operating activities. In general
 these
cash funding requirements are based on operating losses
 driven chiefly by the costs in maintaining our distribution system and
our sales and marketing activities. We have also utilized cash to fund our inventories. In general
 these cash outlays for inventories
are only partially offset by increases in our accounts payable to our suppliers.

On
average
 the production cycle for our owned brands is up to three months from the time we obtain the distilled spirits and other
materials needed to bottle and package our products to the time we receive products available for sale
 in part due to the international
nature of our business. We do not produce Goslings rums or ginger beer
 Pallini liqueurs
 Arran Scotch whiskies
 Tierras tequila
or Gozio amaretto. Instead
 we receive the finished product directly from the owners of such brands. From the time we have products
available for sale
 an additional two to three months may be required before we sell our inventory and collect payment from customers.
Further
 our inventory at March 31
 2017 included significant additional stores of aged bourbon purchased in advance of forecasted
production requirements. We expect to use the aged bourbon in the normal course of future sales
 generating positive cash flows
in future periods.


During
the year ended March 31
 2017
 net cash used in operating activities was $1.7 million
 consisting primarily of a $4.3 million
increase in inventory
 a $2.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and a $1.2 million increase in accounts receivable.
These uses of cash were partially offset by $0.5 million in net income
 a $2.2 million increase in accounts payable and
accrued expenses
 stock based compensation expense of $1.6 million
 a $0.8 million increase in due to related parties and depreciation
and amortization expense of $1.0 million.


    
    


During
the year ended March 31
 2016
 net cash used in operating activities was $2.9 million
 consisting primarily of a net loss of $1.7
million
 a $6.5 million increase in inventory
 a $0.6 million decrease in due to related parties and a $0.1 million increase in
prepaid expenses and supplies. These uses of cash were partially offset by a $3.2 million increase in accounts payable and accrued
expense
 a $0.1 million increase in due from affiliates
 stock based compensation expense of $1.4 million and depreciation and
amortization expense of $0.9 million.

During
the year ended March 31
 2015
 net cash used in operating activities was $8.9 million
 consisting primarily of a $7.2 million
increase in inventory
 a net loss of $3.5 million
 a $0.3 million increase in other assets and a $1.7 million increase in accounts
receivable. These uses of cash were partially offset by a $1.3 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 a $0.1
million decrease in prepaid expenses
 stock based compensation expense of $0.8 million
 depreciation and amortization expense
of $0.9 million
 a provision for obsolete inventories of $0.3 million and $0.3 million in deferred income tax expense
 net.

Investing
 Net cash used in investing activities was $20.4 million for the year ended March 31
 2017
 consisting of the
$20.0 million cash consideration used in the GCP Share Acquisition and $0.4 million used in the acquisition of fixed and intangible
assets.

Net
cash used in investing activities was $1.0 million for the year ended March 31
 2016
 representing a $0.5 million investment in
Copperhead Distillery and $0.5 million used in the acquisition of fixed and intangible assets.

Net
cash used in investing activities was $0.5 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 representing $0.5 million used in the acquisition
of fixed and intangible assets.


Financing
Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2017 was $21.3 million
 consisting
of $20.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of the 11% Subordinated Note
 $1.0 million in net proceeds from the Credit
Facility and $0.3 million from the exercise of stock options.

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2016 was $4.1 million
 consisting primarily of $3.1 million
in net proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 $2.0 million in net proceeds from
the Credit Facility and $0.4 million from the exercise of Common Stock options
 partially offset by $0.7 million paid on the Bourbon
Term Loan and $0.6 million in dividends paid to non-controlling interests of GCP.

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2015 was $9.6 million
 consisting of $8.2 million in net proceeds
from the Credit Facility
 $3.1 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock under our distribution agreements with
Barrington
 $0.6 million in proceeds from the exercise of 2011 Warrants and $0.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock
options
 partially offset by the $1.25 million repayment of a junior loan and the $1.3 million paid on the Bourbon Term Loan.

Obligations
and commitments

The
table sets forth our contractual commitments as of March 31
 2017:



    
Payments
    due by period

Contractual
    Obligations
Less
    than 1 year
1
    - 3 years
4
    - 5 years
After
    5 years
    

    
(In
    thousands)

    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term debt obligations
    (1)
3
211
38
216
    
    
41
639

    
3
613
3
720
3
048
9
494
19
875

Operating leases
    (3)
    
    
    
    
1
067

    
7
209
42
618
3
260
9
494
62
581


Interest
payments are based on current interest rates at March 31
 2017. Debt principal and debt interest represent principal and interest
to be paid on our revolving credit facility based on the balance outstanding as of March 31
 2017. Interest on the revolving credit
facility is calculated using the prevailing rates as of March 31
 2017. Our estimate assumes that we will maintain the same levels
of indebtedness and financial performance through the credit facility&rsquo;s maturity in July 2019.



    
    
Long-term
 For more information concerning our long-term debt
 see &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources&rdquo;
    above and note 8 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.

    
    
    

    
    
Supply
 For a discussion of our supply agreements
 see note 14 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.

    
    
    

    
    
Operating
 For a discussion of our operating leases
 please see note 14 E to our accompanying consolidated financial
    statements.


Currency
Translation

The
functional currencies for our foreign operations are the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. With respect
to our consolidated financial statements
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed
for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using
a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other
comprehensive income.


    
    


Where
in this annual report we refer to amounts in Euros or British Pounds
 we have for your convenience also in certain cases provided
a conversion of those amounts to U.S. Dollars in parentheses. Where the numbers refer to a specific balance sheet account date
or financial statement account period
 we have used the exchange rate that was used to perform the conversions in connection with
the applicable financial statement. In all other instances
 unless otherwise indicated
 the conversions have been made using the
exchange rates as of March 31
 2017
 each as calculated from the Interbank exchange rates as reported by Oanda.com. On March 31
2017
 the exchange rate of the Euro and the British Pound in exchange for U.S. Dollars was &euro;1.00 = U.S.$1.06816 (equivalent
to U.S.$1.00 = &euro;0.93618) and &pound;1.00 = U.S.$1.24866 (equivalent to U.S.$1.00 = &pound;0.80086).

These
conversions should not be construed as representations that the Euro and British Pound amounts actually represent U.S. Dollar
amounts or could be converted into U.S. Dollars at the rates indicated.

Impact
of inflation

We
believe that our results of operations are not materially impacted by moderate changes in the inflation rate. Inflation and changing
prices did not have a material impact on our operations during fiscal 2017
 2016 or 2015. Severe increases in inflation
 however
could affect the global and U.S. economies and could have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of
operations.

Recent
accounting pronouncements

We
discuss recently issued and adopted accounting standards in the &ldquo;Accounting standards adopted&rdquo; and &ldquo;Recent accounting
pronouncements&rdquo; sections of note 1 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
annual report includes certain &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These statements
 which involve risks and uncertainties
 relate to the discussion of our business strategies
and our expectations concerning future operations
 margins
 profitability
 liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and
other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. We use words such
as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intends&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plans&rdquo;
&ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;seeks&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predicts&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
&ldquo;projects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo; and similar terms and phrases
 including references to assumptions
 in this report
to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning
future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties
 risks and factors relating to our operations and business environments
all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control
 that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and other factors include
those listed under &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and as follows:



    
    
our
    history of losses;

    
    
    

    
    
recent
    worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial market conditions could adversely impact our financial performance;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    potential need for additional capital
 which
 if not available on acceptable terms or at all
 could restrict our future growth
    and severely limit our operations;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    brands could fail to achieve more widespread consumer acceptance
 which may limit our growth;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    dependence on a limited number of suppliers
 who may not perform satisfactorily or may end their relationships with us
 which
    could result in lost sales
 incurrence of additional costs or lost credibility in the marketplace;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    annual purchase obligations with certain suppliers;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    failure of even a few of our independent wholesale distributors to adequately distribute our products within their territories
    could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of operations;

    
    
    

    
    

    of our products to support customer delivery requirements
 which could negatively impact our operations if such inventory
    is lost due to theft
 fire or other damage;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    potential limitation to our growth if we are unable to identify and successfully acquire additional brands that are complementary
    to our existing portfolio
 or integrate such brands after acquisitions;

    
    
    

    
    
currency
    exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations may significantly adversely affect our revenues
 sales
 costs of goods and overall
    financial results;

    
    
    

    
    

    affected if we have material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    possibility that we or our strategic partners will fail to protect our respective trademarks and trade secrets
 which could
    compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand portfolio;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    possibility that we cannot secure and maintain listings in control states
 which could cause the sales of our products to
    decrease significantly;

    
    
    

    
    
an
    impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating
    results and shareholders&rsquo; equity;

    
    
    

    
    
changes
    in consumer preferences and trends could adversely affect demand for our products;

    
    
    

    
    
there
    is substantial competition in our industry and the many factors that may prevent us from competing successfully;

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    changes in public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand for our products;




    
    
class
    action or other litigation relating to alcohol misuse or abuse could adversely affect our business; and

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory or tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs
    and reduce our margins.



    
    


We
assume no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason
 or to update the reasons actual
results could differ materially from those anticipated in
 or implied by
 these forward-looking statements
 even if new information
becomes available in the future.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Market
risk

We
are exposed to market risks arising from changes in market rates and prices
 including movements in interest rates and foreign
currency exchange rates. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
In the future
 we may enter into financial instruments to manage and reduce the impact of changes in interest rates and foreign
currency exchange rates
 although we do not currently have any such instruments in place. The following is additional information
about the market risks we are exposed to and how we manage these risks:

Interest
rate risk



Facility (other than with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit) is charged at the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest
of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. The interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory
Sublimit is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and
(c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2017
 we had $13.1 million outstanding under the Credit Facility
 including $3.5 million under the Purchased
Inventory Sublimit
 none of which is currently being hedged. Interest on our foreign revolving credit facilities is charged at
the lender&rsquo;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. As of March 31
 2017
 we had nothing outstanding under our foreign revolving credit facilities.


A
hypothetical one percentage point (100 basis points) increase in the interest rate being charged on the $13.1 million of unhedged
debt outstanding under our Credit Facility
 including the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 and our foreign revolving credit facilities
at March 31
 2017 would have an impact of approximately $133
386 on our interest expense for the year.

Foreign
exchange rate risk

The
majority of our sales
 net and expenses are transacted in U.S. dollars. However
 in the year ended March 31
 2017
 Euro denominated
sales accounted for approximately 6.1% of our sales
 net. We also incur expenses in foreign currencies
 primarily the Euro. In
the year ended March 31
 2017
 Euro denominated expenses accounted for approximately 8.6% of our expenses. A substantial change
in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the Euro could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results.
A hypothetical 10% change in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to the Euro and British pound would have had an impact of
approximately $319
801 on our income from operations for the year ended March 31
 2017.

If
we do not enter into hedging arrangements
 the more we expand our business outside the United States
 the more our financial results
will be exposed to exchange rate fluctuations. In the past
 we have entered into forward contracts from time to time to reduce
our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. We recognize derivative contracts in the balance sheet at fair value
 and reflect
any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2017 and 2016
 we had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss
on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods presented
 is included in other income and expense.

The
functional currencies for our foreign operations are the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. With respect
to our consolidated financial statements
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed
for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using
a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other
comprehensive income. The effect of foreign currency translation was a loss of ($114
878) for the year ended March 31
 2017
 income
of $92
131 for the year ended March 31
 2016 and a loss of ($561
009) for the year ended March 31
 2015. A hypothetical 10% change
in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to the Euro and British pound would have had an impact of approximately $280
000 for
the year ended March 31
 2017 as a result of foreign currency translation.

Commodity
price risk

We
currently are not exposed to commodity price risks. We do not purchase the basic ingredients such as grain
 sugar cane or agave
that are converted into alcohol through distillation. Instead
 we have relationships with various companies to provide distillation
bottling or other production services for us. These relationships vary on a brand-by-brand basis.

As
of March 31
 2017
 we did not have any hedging arrangements in place to protect our exposure to commodity price fluctuations.


    
    


Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Index
to Financial Statements



    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2017 and 2016
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Castle
Brands Inc.


balance sheets of Castle Brands Inc. and subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&quot;) as of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years
in the three-year period ended March 31
 2017. The financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the
financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period March 31
 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2017
 based on
criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;)
 and our report dated June 14
 2017 expressed an adverse opinion on the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.


/s/
EisnerAmper LLP


New
York
 New York
June
14
 2017


    
    


CASTLE
BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated
Balance Sheets




    
    
March
    31
 2017
    
    
March
    31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash and
    cash equivalents
    
    
611
048
    
    
    
1
430
532
    

Accounts receivable
    &mdash; net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $302
275 and $245
238 at March 31
2017 and 2016
 respectively
    
    
11
460
432
    
    
    
10
410
571
    

Due from shareholders
    and affiliates
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
279
    

Inventories&mdash;
    net of allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $312
711 and $331
008 at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
    
    
29
801
080
    
    
    
25
740
192
    

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
    
    
3
674
923
    
    
    
1
611
797
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Current Assets
    
    
45
547
483
    
    
    
39
196
371
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equipment &mdash;
    net
    
    
909
780
    
    
    
876
255
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Intangible assets
    &mdash; net of accumulated amortization of $8
035
018 and $7
372
585 at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
    
    
6
387
330
    
    
    
7
048
302
    

    
    
    
496
226
    
    
    
496
226
    

Investment in non-consolidated
    affiliate
 at equity
    
    
570
097
    
    
    
518
667
    

    
    
    
331
455
    
    
    
345
076
    

Other
    assets
    
    
99
773
    
    
    
129
486
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Assets
    
    
54
342
144
    
    
    
48
610
383
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
549
942
    
    
    
5
652
260
    

    
    
    
4
668
708
    
    
    
4
352
170
    

Due
    to shareholders and affiliates
    
    
2
158
318
    
    
    
1
338
072
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Current Liabilities
    
    
14
376
968
    
    
    
11
342
502
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Credit facility
 net
    (including $412
269 and $312
813 of related-party participation at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively)
    
    
13
033
075
    
    
    
11
917
694
    

Note payable &ndash;
    11% Subordinated note
    
    
20
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Notes payable &ndash;
    5% Convertible notes (including $1
100
000 of related party participation at March 31
 2017 and 2016)
    
    
1
675
000
    
    
    
1
675
000
    

Notes payable &ndash;
    GCP Note
    
    
211
580
    
    
    
211
580
    

    
    
    
558
766
    
    
    
1
204
000
    

    
    
    
20
666
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Liabilities
    
    
49
876
055
    
    
    
26
350
776
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred stock
 $.01
    par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2017 and 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
 $.01
    par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 162
945
805 and 160
474
777 shares issued and outstanding
    at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
    
    
1
629
458
    
    
    
1
604
748
    

Additional paid-in
    capital
    
    
150
889
613
    
    
    
166
866
671
    

    
    
    
(148
223
822
    
    
    
(147
371
209
    

Accumulated
    other comprehensive loss
    
    
(2
308
672
    
    
    
(2
193
794
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total controlling
    shareholders&rsquo; equity
    
    
1
986
577
    
    
    
18
906
416
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Noncontrolling
    interests
    
    
2
479
512
    
    
    
3
353
191
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Equity
    
    
4
466
089
    
    
    
22
259
607
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total Liabilities
    and Equity
    
    
54
342
144
    
    
    
48
610
383
    


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CASTLE
BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated
Statements of Operations




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales
 net*
    
    
77
269
131
    
    
    
72
220
368
    
    
    
57
457
421
    

    
    
    
45
568
774
    
    
    
43
666
798
    
    
    
35
884
632
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
31
700
357
    
    
    
28
553
570
    
    
    
21
572
789
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
122
490
    
    
    
19
222
659
    
    
    
15
254
818
    

    
    
    
8
642
775
    
    
    
7
385
851
    
    
    
6
488
336
    

    
    
    
1
030
093
    
    
    
939
513
    
    
    
907
540
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
904
999
    
    
    
1
005
547
    
    
    
(1
077
905
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other (expense) income
 net
    
    
(10
660
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
602
    

Income from equity investment in non-consolidated
    affiliate
    
    
51
430
    
    
    
18
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
83
706
    
    
    
(190
867
    
    
    
(4
564
    

Interest expense
 net
    
    
(1
335
241
    
    
    
(1
088
539
    
    
    
(1
129
047
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    before provision for income taxes
    
    
694
234
    
    
    
(255
858
    
    
    
(2
194
914
    

Income tax expense
 net
    
    
(187
702
    
    
    
(1
450
848
    
    
    
(1
278
999
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
506
532
    
    
    
(1
706
706
    
    
    
(3
473
913
    

    
    
    
(1
359
145
    
    
    
(809
662
    
    
    
(325
829
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(852
613
    
    
    
(2
516
368
    
    
    
(3
799
742
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
    attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
    basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
160
811
957
    
    
    
159
380
223
    
    
    
155
456
341
    




*Sales
net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $7
645
789
 $7
451
569 and $6
754
453 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and
2015
 respectively.

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CASTLE
BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)




    
    
Years
    ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
506
532
    
    
    
(1
706
706
    
    
    
(3
473
913
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Foreign
    currency translation adjustment
    
    
(114
878
    
    
    
92
131
    
    
    
(561
009
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total other comprehensive
    (loss) income:
    
    
(114
878
    
    
    
92
131
    
    
    
(561
009
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Comprehensive
    income (loss)
    
    
391
654
    
    
    
(1
614
575
    
    
    
(4
034
922
    


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CASTLE
BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Equity




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(Loss)
    Income
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
    MARCH 31
 2014
    
    
151
841
133
    
    
    
1
518
411
    
    
    
157
485
965
    
    
    
(141
055
099

    
    
    
(1
724
916
    
    
    
2
217
700
    
    
    
19
935
191
    

Net
    (loss) income
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
799
742
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
325
829
    
    
    
(3
473
913
    

Foreign
    currency translation adjustment
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(561
009
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(561
009
    

Issuance
    of common stock
 net of issuance costs
    
    
2
537
924
    
    
    
25
379
    
    
    
3
108
189
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
133
568
    

Exercise
    of common stock warrants
    
    
1
657
802
    
    
    
16
578
    
    
    
613
387
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
629
965
    

Surrender
    of common stock in connection with exercise of common stock warrant
    
    
(27
902
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(30
971
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(31
250
    

Conversion
    of 5% convertible notes and accrued interest thereon
    
    
501
574
    
    
    
5
017
    
    
    
446
400
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
451
417
    

Exercise
    of common stock options
    
    
677
127
    
    
    
6
771
    
    
    
216
213
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
222
984
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
787
710
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
787
710
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
    MARCH 31
 2015
    
    
157
187
658
    
    
    
1
571
877
    
    
    
162
626
893
    
    
    
(144
854
841
    
    
    
(2
285
925
    
    
    
2
543
529
    
    
    
21
094
663
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    (loss) income
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
516
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
809
662
    
    
    
(3
199
836
    

Foreign
    currency translation adjustment
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
92
131
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
92
131
    

Issuance
    of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $124
876
    
    
2
119
282
    
    
    
21
193
    
    
    
3
105
920
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
127
113
    

Exercise
    of common stock options
    
    
1
079
602
    
    
    
10
796
    
    
    
364
184
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
374
980
    

Common
    stock issued under 2013 incentive compensation plan
    
    
88
235
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
119
118
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
000
    

Subsidiary
    dividend paid to non-controlling interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(600
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(600
000
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
250
556
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
250
556
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
    MARCH 31
 2016
    
    
160
474
777
    
    
    
1
604
748
    
    
    
166
866
671
    
    
    
(147
371
209
    
    
    
(2
193
794
    
    
    
3
353
191
    
    
    
(22
259
607
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    (loss) income
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(852
613
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
359
145
    
    
    
506
532
    

Foreign
    currency translation adjustment
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(114
878
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(114
878
    

Common
    stock issuance costs
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(14
355
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(14
355
    

Exercise
    of common stock options
    
    
671
028
    
    
    
6
710
    
    
    
244
479
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
251
189
    

Common
    stock issued in connection with the acquisition of an additional 20.1% of noncontrolling interests
    
    
1
800
000
    
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
2
430
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
448
000
    

Effect
    of acquisition of an additional 20.1% of noncontrolling interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(20
215
176
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
232
824
    
    
    
(22
448
000
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
577
994
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
577
994
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
    MARCH 31
 2017
    
    
162
945
805
    
    
    
1
629
458
    
    
    
150
889
613
    
    
    
(148
223
822
    
    
    
(2
308
672
    
    
    
2
479
512
    
    
    
4
466
089
    


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CASTLE
BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows




    
    
Years
    ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
506
532
    
    
    
(1
706
706
    
    
    
(3
473
913
    

Adjustments to reconcile
    net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation and
    amortization
    
    
1
030
093
    
    
    
939
513
    
    
    
907
540
    

Provision for doubtful
    accounts
    
    
123
200
    
    
    
61
000
    
    
    
(49
984
    

Amortization of
    deferred financing costs
    
    
160
681
    
    
    
177
127
    
    
    
166
942
    

Deferred income
    tax (benefit) expense
 net
    
    
(645
235
    
    
    
(129
152
    
    
    
288
178
    

Net income from
    equity investment in non-consolidated affiliate
    
    
(51
430
    
    
    
(18
667
    
    
    
    
    

Effect of changes
    in foreign currency translation
    
    
(83
706
    
    
    
190
867
    
    
    
4
564
    

Stock-based compensation
    expense
    
    
1
577
994
    
    
    
1
370
556
    
    
    
787
710
    

Addition to provision
    for obsolete inventories
    
    
240
000
    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
281
000
    

Changes in operations
    assets and liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
182
011
    
    
    
85
040
    
    
    
(1
671
925
    

    
    
    
3
279
    
    
    
135
471
    
    
    
(23
462
    

    
    
    
(4
344
791
    
    
    
(6
498
338
    
    
    
(7
223
601
    

Prepaid expenses
    and supplies
    
    
(2
066
856
    
    
    
(117
258
    
    
    
77
587
    

    
    
    
(60
117
    
    
    
(92
260
    
    
    
(272
000
    

Accounts payable
    and accrued expenses
    
    
2
217
652
    
    
    
3
163
818
    
    
    
1
321
722
    

    
    
    
10
579
    
    
    
10
579
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
820
247
    
    
    
(625
812
    
    
    
27
642
    

    
    
    
20
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
229
755
    
    
    
(1
147
516
    
    
    
(5
378
087
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

NET CASH USED
    IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES
    
    
(1
723
223
    
    
    
(2
854
222
    
    
    
(8
852
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(364
740
    
    
    
(466
462
    
    
    
(333
742
    

    
    
    
(2
740
    
    
    
(23
885
    
    
    
(160
109
    

    
    
    
(20
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 at
    equity
    
    
    
    
    
    
(500
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(7
040
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

NET CASH USED
    IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES
    
    
(20
374
520
    
    
    
(990
604
    
    
    
(494
780
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
044
531
    
    
    
1
965
050
    
    
    
8
170
507
    

    
    
    
20
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(744
900
    
    
    
(1
270
100
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
250
000
    

Net (payments on) proceeds from foreign revolving
    credit facility
    
    
    
    
    
    
(34
743
    
    
    
21
278
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
251
989
    
    
    
3
319
915
    

    
    
    
(14
355
    
    
    
(124
876
    
    
    
(186
347
    

Subsidiary dividend paid to non-controlling
    interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
(600
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
598
715
    

Proceeds from
    exercise of common stock options
    
    
251
189
    
    
    
374
980
    
    
    
222
984
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

NET CASH PROVIDED
    BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES
    
    
21
281
365
    
    
    
4
087
500
    
    
    
9
626
952
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
106
    
    
    
(3
745
    
    
    
2
930
    

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH
    EQUIVALENTS
    
    
(819
484
    
    
    
238
929
    
    
    
283
102
    

CASH AND CASH
    EQUIVALENTS &mdash; BEGINNING
    
    
1
430
532
    
    
    
1
191
603
    
    
    
908
501
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CASH AND CASH
    EQUIVALENTS &mdash; ENDING
    
    
611
048
    
    
    
1
430
532
    
    
    
1
191
603
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Schedule of non-cash investing and financing
    activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common
    stock in connection with acquisition of additional 20.1% of noncontrolling interests
    
    
2
448
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Surrender of common
    stock in connection with exercise of common stock warrant
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
31
250
    

Conversion of 5% convertible
    note
 and accrued interest thereon
 to common stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
451
417
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
159
667
    
    
    
894
099
    
    
    
937
973
    

    
    
    
1
553
377
    
    
    
1
079
387
    
    
    
293
525
    


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CASTLE
BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE
1 &mdash; 



    
    
Description
    of business
    its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&ldquo;CB-USA&rdquo;) and McLain &amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&ldquo;McLain
    &amp; Kyne&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&ldquo;CB-IRL&rdquo;)
    and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&rsquo;s 80.1% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle
    Partners Inc. (&ldquo;GCP&rdquo;)
 with adjustments for income or loss allocated based upon percentage of ownership. The accounts
    of the subsidiaries have been included as of the date of acquisition. All significant intercompany transactions and balances
    have been eliminated.

    
    
    

    
    
Organization
    and operations
 marketing and sale of premium and super
    premium rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada
    Europe and Asia.

    
    
    

    
    
Brands
 &mdash; Goslings rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including
    the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer
    outside of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 an essential non-alcoholic ingredient in Goslings trademarked Dark &lsquo;n
    Stormy 


Whiskey

 Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Chef&rsquo;s
Collaboration
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Ocean Aged at Sea
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Wood Experiments
and Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&rsquo;s The Manhattan: Barrel
Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single
malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle
1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that has been aged for 36 years
 Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle
Whiskey; and the Arran Scotch Whiskeys: the single malts
 including the 10 Years Old
 the 18 Years Old and special finishes
 as
well as the official Robert Burns whiskeys.

Liqueur

 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement;
Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium
Italian liqueur
 pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement.

Vodka

 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland.

Tequila

 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is
the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco
 reposado and a&ntilde;ejo.



    
    
Cash
    and cash equivalents
    of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

    
    
    

    
    
Equity
    investments
    the investees&rsquo; income
 losses and distributions. The Company assesses the carrying value of its equity investments when
    an indicator of a loss in value is present and records a loss in value of the investment when the assessment indicates that
    an other-than-temporary decline in the investment exists. The Company classifies its equity earnings of equity investments
    as a component of net income or loss.

    
    
    

    
    
Trade
    accounts receivable
    an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable
    balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual
    terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For the years ended March 31
 2017
    2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for doubtful accounts of $123
200
 $61
000 and $236
000
 respectively.

    
    
    

    
    
Revenue
    recognition
    title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
    and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states in the United States until
    such time as product is sold through to the retail channel.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;
                                         Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
                                         corks and caps)
 packaging
 finished goods
 excise taxes and freight and
                                         are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The
                                         Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those
                                         inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&rsquo;s forecasted usage to
                                         their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value
                                         of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
                                         historical usage
 expected future demand and market requirements. A change to the carrying
                                         value of inventories is recorded in cost of goods sold. See Note 3.




    
    


During
the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory
of $240
000
 $200
000 and $281
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances and write-offs on both raw materials
and finished goods
 primarily in connection with spoilage and slow moving inventory
 label and packaging changes made to certain
brands
 as well as adjustments to estimated freight costs and excise taxes and certain cost variances. The charges have been recorded
as increases to Cost of Sales in the respective years.



    
    
Revisions
    to March 31
&mdash; The Company has revised its March 31
 2016 consolidated balance sheet for an error in the historical carrying
value of inventory. The Company determined that inventory at March 31
 2016 was overstated by $1
493
130
 the cumulative result
of changes in estimated freight costs and excise taxes and certain cost variances in prior years. The Company assessed the materiality
of this error on previously issued consolidated financial statements and concluded that the error was immaterial to any one year.
As a result
 inventory was decreased by $1
493
130 with accumulated deficit increased by $1
493
130 at March 31
 2016 on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. 

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;
                                         Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures.
                                         When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is
                                         removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statement
                                         of operations. Equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated
                                         useful lives of the assets ranging from three to five years.


    
    
    

    
    
Goodwill
    and other intangible assets
    value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable
    intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently
    if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over
    their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events
    or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.


Under
Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 350
 &ldquo;Intangibles
- Goodwill and Other&rdquo;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable
reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative factors
to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
 the two-step
impairment test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results.
Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates
that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing
expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&rsquo;s
net assets exceeds the unit&rsquo;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying
amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount
of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid.
Rights
 trademarks
 trade names and formulations are indefinite lived intangible assets not subject to amortization and are tested
for impairment at least annually. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset group allocated
to each reporting unit with its allocated carrying amount.

Under
the goodwill qualitative assessment at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated
fair value of each reporting unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&rsquo; impairment testing results
budget to actual results
 Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based
on this assessment
 the Company determined that no quantitative assessment was required.



    
    
Impairment
    and disposal of long-lived assets
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived
    Assets&rdquo;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying
    amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying
    amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There were no impairments recorded
    during the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015.

    
    
    

    
    
Shipping
    and handling
    to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product
    is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment
    of point of sale materials to the Company&rsquo;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product
    in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and
    were $2
347
121
 $2
635
430 and $2
574
471 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

    
    
    

    
    
Excise
    taxes and duty
    are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States or other relevant jurisdiction and then transferred out
    of &ldquo;bond.&rdquo; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished
    goods. When the underlying products are sold &ldquo;ex warehouse&rdquo;
 the sales price reflects the taxes paid and the inventoried
    excise taxes and duties are charged to cost of sales.

    
    
    

    
    
Distributor
    charges and promotional goods
    services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store
    tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred.
    Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product
    or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined
    discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 the cost of the promotional goods is charged to cost of sales and
    dollars off invoice are a reduction to revenue.



    
    




    
    
Foreign
    currency
    Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &ldquo;Foreign Currency Matters&rdquo;
 the translation from the applicable foreign
    currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date
    and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments
    are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are
    shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations.

    
    
    

    
    
Fair
    value of financial instruments
 &ldquo;Financial Instruments&rdquo;
 defines the fair value of a financial
    instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires
    disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between
    the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&rsquo;s balance sheets due to the short term
    maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&rsquo;s debt
 as compared to the current borrowing rates available
    to the Company.


The
Company&rsquo;s investments are reported at fair value in accordance with authoritative guidance
 which accomplishes the following
key objectives:



    
    
Defines
    fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
    between market participants at the measurement date;

    
    
Establishes
    a three-level hierarchy (&ldquo;valuation hierarchy&rdquo;) for fair value measurements;

    
    
Requires
    consideration of the Company&rsquo;s creditworthiness when valuing liabilities; and

    
    
Expands
    disclosures about instruments measured at fair value.


The
valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date.
A financial instrument&rsquo;s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. The three levels of the valuation hierarchy are as follows:



    
    
Level
    1 &mdash; inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
    markets.

    
    
Level
    2 &mdash; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
    and inputs that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability for substantially the full term of the financial
    instrument.

    
    
Level
    3 &mdash; inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.




    
    
Income
    taxes
 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo;
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
    tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
    and their respective tax basis. A valuation allowance is provided to the extent a deferred tax asset is not considered recoverable.


The
Company has adopted the provisions of ASC 740 and as of March 31
 2017
 the Company had reserves for uncertain tax positions
(including related interest and penalties) for various state and local tax issues of $20
666. The Company recognizes interest
and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in general and administrative expense.



    
    
Research
    and development costs
 development and product improvement are charged to expense as incurred
    and are included in selling expense.

    
    
    

    
    
Advertising
    
    expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
486
796
 $4
960
301 and $3
184
392 for the years ended March 31
 2017
    2016 and 2015
 respectively.

    
    
    

    
    
Use
    of estimates
    (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
    liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported
    amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates
    include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
    warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 amortization
    and expense accruals.



    
    




    
    
Recent
                                         accounting pronouncements
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
 &ldquo;Compensation
                                         &mdash; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting.&rdquo;
                                         ASU 2017-09 provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based
                                         payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting. This guidance is effective
                                         for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
                                         evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will
                                         have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-05
&ldquo;Other Income &mdash; Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying
the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets.&rdquo; ASU 2017-05 clarifies
the scope and accounting of a financial asset that meets the definition of an &ldquo;in-substance nonfinancial asset&rdquo; and
defines the term &ldquo;in-substance nonfinancial asset.&rdquo; ASU 2017-05 also adds guidance for partial sales of nonfinancial
assets. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of
operations
 cash flows and financial condition.

        

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04
&ldquo;Intangibles &mdash; Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (Topic 350).&rdquo;
ASU 2017-04 removes Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2020
with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this
guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.

In
        January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01
 &ldquo;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of
        a Business.&rdquo; This ASU
 which must be applied prospectively
 provides a narrower framework to be used to determine
        if a set of assets and activities constitutes a business than under current guidance and is generally expected to result
        in greater consistency in the application of ASC Topic 805
 Business Combinations. This guidance is effective for the
        Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine
        the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial
        condition.
        
In
        November 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18
 &ldquo;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash
 a consensus
        of the FASB&rsquo;s Emerging Issues Task Force (the &ldquo;Task Force&rdquo;).&rdquo; The new standard requires that the
        statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally
        described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Entities will also be required to reconcile such total to
        amounts on the balance sheet and disclose the nature of the restrictions. This guidance is effective for the Company as
        of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the
        impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial
        condition.
        
In
        October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
 &ldquo;Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory.&rdquo;
        This ASU removes the prohibition against the immediate recognition of the current and deferred income tax effects of intra-entity
        transfers of assets other than inventory. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption
        permitted. Entities must apply a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings
        as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact
        the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        
In
        August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 &ldquo;Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
        and Cash Payments&rdquo;
 which provides guidance on eight cash flow classification issues with the objective of reducing
        differences in practice. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted.
        Adoption is required to be on a retrospective basis
 unless impracticable for any of the amendments
 in which case a prospective
        application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of
        this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        
In
        March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 &ldquo;Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&rdquo;
 which
        simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for
        income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The
        new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to
        determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows
        and financial condition.
        
In
        February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 &ldquo;Leases.&rdquo; The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model
        that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
        than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of
        expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2019. A modified
        retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into
        after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical
        expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this
        guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.



    
    




    
    
In
                                         January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 &ldquo;Financial Instruments&mdash;Overall
                                         (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&rdquo;
                                         which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial
                                         instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity
                                         investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
 and the presentation
                                         and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies
                                         guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax
                                         assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new
                                         standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 and upon adoption
 an entity
                                         should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance
                                         sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective.
                                         Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes
                                         for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific
                                         credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company is currently evaluating the new
                                         guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s
                                         results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        
In
        July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 &ldquo;Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&rdquo;
        which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable
        value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably
        predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis
        and is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The Company determined that the
        adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and
        financial condition.
        
In
        May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&rdquo;
 to clarify the principles
        for recognizing revenue. This guidance includes the required steps to achieve the core principle that an entity should
        recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
        to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for the
        Company as of April 1
 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption
        of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        
The
        Company does not believe that any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards
 if currently adopted
        would have a material effect on the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.




    
    
Accounting
                                         standards adopted
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-03
 &ldquo;Accounting
                                         Changes and Error Corrections (Topic 250) and Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures&rdquo;.
                                         The amendments in ASU 2017-03 provide additional detail surrounding disclosures required
                                         related to adoption of new pronouncements. The ASU is effective for the periods of each
                                         related pronouncement. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual Report
                                         on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that the
                                         adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s results
                                         of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
                                                                              
In
                                         November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
 &ldquo;Balance Sheet Classification of
                                         Deferred Taxes.&rdquo; ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred taxes by requiring
                                         deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet.
                                         ASU 2015-17 is effective for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning
                                         after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The guidance
                                         may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively and early adoption is permitted. The
                                         Company elected to adopt ASU 2015-17 early
 and applied it retrospectively as allowed
                                         by the standard. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s
                                         results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.

In
September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 &ldquo;Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement
Period Adjustments&rdquo;
 which requires adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that
are identified during the measurement period to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.
This includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change
to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires
the disclosure of the nature and amount of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately
the amounts in current-period income statement line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment
to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The guidance became effective for the Company beginning
April 1
 2016. The Company will apply the guidance prospectively for all future business combinations.

In
June
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 &ldquo;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent
Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff
Announcement&rdquo; at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance
costs related to line of credit arrangements. Commitment fees paid to the lender represent the benefit of being able to access
capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
 are not in the scope of the new guidance and it is appropriate to present such
fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless of whether or not there are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company
adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016. The Company determined
that the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and
financial condition.
        
In
        April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 &ldquo;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU
        2015-03&rdquo;)
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance
        sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition
        and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected. Upon adoption
 the Company applied the new guidance
        on a retrospective basis and adjusted the balance sheet of each individual period presented to reflect the period-specific
        effects of applying the new guidance
 reclassifying $100
049 and $170
895 in debt issuance costs from Other Assets
        to Credit Facility
 net at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.
        
        
In
        August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 &ldquo;Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&rsquo;s Ability to Continue
        as a Going Concern&rdquo;
 which requires management to assess a company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern
        and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. Before this new standard
 there was minimal guidance
        in U.S. GAAP specific to going concern. Under the new standard
 disclosures are required when conditions give rise to
        substantial doubt about a company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the financial statement
        issuance date. This guidance was effective for the Company beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
        year ended March 31
 2017. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
        year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on
        the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.



    
    


NOTE
2 &mdash; 

Basic
net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding
during the period that are not anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise
of stock options and warrants or conversion of convertible notes outstanding. In computing diluted net loss per share for the
years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 no adjustment has been made to the weighted average outstanding common shares as the
assumed exercise of outstanding options and warrants and the assumed conversion of convertible notes is anti-dilutive.

Potential
common shares not included in calculating diluted net loss per share are as follows:



    
Years
    ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
15
798
558
13
508
086
11
988
188

    
    
    
120
000

5% Convertible
    notes
1
861
111
1
861
111
1
861
111

    
    
    
    

    
17
659
669
15
369
197
13
969
299


NOTE
3 &mdash; 



    
March
    31


    
    
    

    
16
714
225

11
976
561

Finished goods
    &ndash; net
13
086
855

13
763
631

    
    
    

    
29
801
080
25
740
192


As
of March 31
 2017
 and 2016
 9% and 11%
 respectively
 of raw materials and 7% and 5%
 respectively
 of finished goods
were located outside of the United States.

In
the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company acquired $6
900
819
 $5
441
432 and $5
333
763 of aged bourbon whiskey
respectively
 in support of its anticipated near and mid-term needs.

The
Company estimates the allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited
to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market requirements.

Inventories
are stated at the lower of weighted average cost or market.

NOTE
4 &mdash; 

Investment
in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 consolidated

In
March 2017
 the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (&ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Gosling&rsquo;s Limited
(&ldquo;GL&rdquo;) and E. Malcolm B. Gosling (&ldquo;Gosling
&rdquo; and together with GL
 the &ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;). Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement
 the Company acquired an additional 201
000 shares (the &ldquo;GCP Share Acquisition&rdquo;)
of the common stock of GCP
 representing a 20.1% equity interest in GCP. GCP is a strategic global export venture between the
Company and the Gosling family. As a result of the completion of the GCP Share Acquisition
 the Company&rsquo;s total equity interest
in GCP increased to 80.1%. The consideration for the GCP Share Acquisition was (i) $20
000
000 in cash and (ii) 1
800
000 shares
of common stock of the Company.

The
Company accounted for this transaction in accordance with ASC 810 &ldquo;Consolidation
&rdquo; and in particular section 810-10-45.
Under the relevant guidance
 a parent accounts for such changes in its ownership interest in a subsidiary as equity transactions.
The parent cannot recognize a gain or loss in consolidated net income or comprehensive income for such transactions and is not
permitted to step up a portion of the subsidiary's net assets to fair value for the additional interests acquired. Any difference
between the fair value of the consideration paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted shall be recognized
in equity attributable to the parent. As a result
 the Company reduced the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest by $2
232
824
with the $20
215
176 excess of the cash and stock paid over the adjustment to the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest
recognized as a decrease in the Company&rsquo;s additional paid-in capital.

For
the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 GCP had pretax net income on a stand-alone basis of $3
762
130
 $3
475
006 and
$814
573
 respectively. The Company allocated a portion of this net income
 or $1
359
145
 $809
662 and $325
829
 to non-controlling
interest for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Combined with the effects of income tax expense
 net
allocated to noncontrolling interests as described in Note 1.Q Income Taxes
 the cumulative balance allocated to noncontrolling
interests in GCP was $2
479
512 and $3
353
191 at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 as shown on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets.



    
    


As
the GCP Share Acquisition occurred at the end of the fiscal year
 the additional income attributable to the change in ownership
is immaterial and is not presented in these consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31
 2017.

In
September 2015
 GCP declared and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company recorded 60% of this dividend
or $900
000
 as a return of capital and a reduction of its investment in GCP
 and allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
to noncontrolling interests and a reduction in the additional paid-in capital of GCP. GCP neither declared nor paid a dividend
in the year ended March 31
 2017.

Investment
in Copperhead Distillery Company
 equity method

In
June 2015
 CB-USA purchased 20% of Copperhead Distillery Company (&ldquo;Copperhead&rdquo;) for $500
000. Copperhead owns and
operates the Kentucky Artisan Distillery. The investment was part of an agreement to build a new warehouse to store Jefferson&rsquo;s
bourbons
 provide distilling capabilities using special mash-bills made from locally grown grains and create a visitor center
and store to enhance the consumer experience for the Jefferson&rsquo;s brand. The investment has been used for the construction
of a new warehouse in Crestwood
 Kentucky dedicated to the storage of Jefferson&rsquo;s whiskies. The Company has accounted for
this investment under the equity method of accounting. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company recognized $51
430 of income
from this investment; for the initial period ended March 31
 2016
 the Company recognized $18
667 of income from this investment.
The investment balance was $570
097 and $518
667 at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

NOTE

 NET

Equipment
consists of the following:




    
    
March
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
536
064
    
    
    
2
796
064
    

    
    
    
112
397
    
    
    
112
676
    

    
    
    
42
730
    
    
    
42
730
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
691
191
    
    
    
2
951
470
    

Less: accumulated
    depreciation
    
    
1
781
411
    
    
    
2
075
215
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
909
780
    
    
    
876
255
    


Depreciation
expense for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 totaled $366
381
 $280
702 and $249
683
 respectively.

NOTE
6 &mdash; 

The
carrying amount of goodwill was $496
226 at each of March 31
 2017 and 2016.

Intangible
assets consist of the following:



    
March
    31


    
    
    

    
170
000
170
000

    
631
693
631
693

    
8
271
555
8
271
555

    
186
668
185
207

    
994
000
994
000

    
55
460
55
460

    
10
309
376
10
307
915

Less: accumulated
    amortization
8
035
018
7
372
585

    
    
    

    
2
274
358
2
935
330

Other identifiable
    intangible assets &mdash; indefinite lived*
4
112
972
4
112
972

    
6
387
330
7
048
302


*
Other identifiable intangible assets &mdash; indefinite lived consists of product formulations and the Company&rsquo;s relationships
with its distillers.

Accumulated
amortization consists of the following:



    
March
    31


    
    
    

    
170
000
170
000

    
367
294
331
366

    
6
617
062
6
065
111

    
37
478
29
188

    
843
184
776
920

    
8
035
018
7
372
585




    
    



Amortization
expense for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 totaled $663
712
 $658
811 and $655
769
 respectively.

Estimated
aggregate amortization expense for each of the next five fiscal years is as follows:




Years ending
    March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
246
884
    

    
    
    
    
228
551
    

    
    
    
    
190
384
    

    
    
    
    
188
246
    

    
    
    
    
183
769
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
037
834
    


NOTE
7 &mdash; 

At
March 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had &euro;310
305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) and &euro;303
890
or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank
in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty and a revolving credit
facility as described in Note 8A below.

NOTE
8 &mdash; 



    
March
    31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Foreign revolving
    credit facilities (A)
    
    

Note
    payable &ndash; GCP note (B)
211
580
211
580

    
13
133
124
12
088
594

5% Convertible notes
    (D)
1
675
000
1
675
000

11%
    Subordinated Note (E)
20
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
35
019
704
13
975
174





    
    
The
    Company has arranged various credit facilities aggregating &euro;310
305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017
    exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
    a revolving credit facility and Company credit cards. These credit facilities are payable on demand
 continue until
    terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&rsquo;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%.
    The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &euro;0 at each of March 31
 2017 and 2016.





    
    
In
    December 2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &ldquo;GCP Note&rdquo;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to
    Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures
    on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to
    be accrued and paid at maturity. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts
    due to affiliates. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $211
580 of principal due on the GCP Note was included in long-term
    liabilities.




    
    
In
    August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&ldquo;Keltic&rdquo;)
    which
 as amended
 provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a facility of up to $19.0 million
    (the &ldquo;Credit Facility&rdquo;) for the purpose of providing the Company with working capital.


In
September 2014
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &ldquo;Amended
Agreement&rdquo;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&ldquo;ACF&rdquo;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms
of the Credit Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain
aspects of the existing Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000
and increasing the inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended
from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest
of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2017
 the Credit Facility interest
rate was 6.5%. The monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA
targets allowing for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120
000 amendment fee
in connection with the execution of the Amended Agreement.


    
    



In
connection with the amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement
with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley
Spillane
 the Company&rsquo;s Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&rsquo;s Senior Vice President
Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders
to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal
shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&rsquo;s Chairman
 an affiliate of
Richard J. Lampen
 a director of the Company and the Company&rsquo;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn
Halpryn
 a former director of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than
5% shareholder of the Company
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 and
Phillip Frost M.D.
 a principal shareholder and director
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity
and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic; (ii) an Amended
and Restated Term Note; and (iii) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note.

In
connection with the Amended Agreement
 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
dated as of August 7
 2013 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Subordination Agreement&rdquo;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest
to Keltic
 and certain junior lenders to the Company; neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Subordination Agreement.

In
August 2015
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement Amendment&rdquo;) to the Amended
Agreement. Among other changes
 the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
including a sublimit in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the
&ldquo;Purchased Inventory Sublimit&rdquo;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date
remained unchanged at July 31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased
Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment.
The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The
Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
(b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2017
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
was 8.25%. The monthly facility fee remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding
the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
 the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory
Sublimit until all obligations with respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45
000 commitment
fee in connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment.

In
connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation
Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and
(b) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard
J. Lampen
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing
Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF and (ii) an Amended and Restated Revolving
Credit Note.

ACF
also required as a condition to entering into the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with
certain related parties of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred
J. Small
 to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with
the proceeds thereof. The participation agreement provides that ACF&rsquo;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory
Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000.
Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter
with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated
to pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated
to pay a commitment fee of $18
000 on each anniversary of the effective date until the junior participants&rsquo; obligations
are terminated pursuant to the participation agreement.

The
Company and CB-USA are referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the
Company and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance
with the Amended Agreement and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest
at 6% through December 14
 2016
 then 6.25% through March 15
 2017
 then 6.5% through March 31
 2017 on the Amended Agreement.
For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
then 6% through March 31
 2016 on the Amended Agreement. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest at 7.75%
through December 14
 2016
 and then at 8.0% through March 15
 2017
 then 8.25% through March 31
 2017 on the Purchased Inventory
Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through
March 31
 2016 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on
the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &ldquo;Default&rdquo;
or &ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate
that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the
Credit Facility. ACF also receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of
and during the continuance of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit.
The Amended Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting
obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
restrict the Borrower&rsquo;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions
or cash dividends. The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and
security interest in all of the assets of the Borrower. At March 31
 2017
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects
 with
the covenants under the Amended Agreement.


    
    


In
August 2015
 the Company used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments
Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation
interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. In January 2017
 the Company
acquired $1
030
000 in aged bulk bourbon under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with additional borrowings from certain related
parties of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($51
500)
 Richard J. Lampen ($34
333)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($17
167)
Brian L. Heller ($14
592)
 and Alfred J. Small ($5
150)
 as junior participants in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with respect
to such purchase. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum.

At
March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $13
133
124 and $12
088
594
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities.
At March 31
 2017 and 2016
 there was $5
866
876 and $6
911
406
 respectively
 in potential availability under the Credit Facility.
In connection with the adoption of ASU 2015-03
 the Company included $100
049 and $170
895 of debt issuance costs at March 31
2017 and 2016
 respectively
 as direct deductions from the carrying amount of the related debt liability.



    
    
In
    October 2013
 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Note Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
    with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured
    subordinated notes (the &ldquo;Convertible Notes&rdquo;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable
    quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
    are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
    common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid
    in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment.
    The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due
    date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 the Convertible Notes.


The
purchasers of the Convertible Notes included related parties of the Company
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis
Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group Ltd. ($200
000).

The
Company may forcibly convert all or any part of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average
daily volume of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the common stock is
listed or quoted for trading) exceeds $50
000 per trading day and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for
at least twenty (20) trading days during any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current Conversion
Price. Any forced conversion will be applied ratably to the holders of all Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase
Agreement based on each holder&rsquo;s then-current note holdings.

In
connection with the Note Purchase Agreement
 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the
subordination agreement
 by and among ACF and certain other junior lenders to the Company; the Company is not a party to the Subordination
Agreement.

At
each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities
 respectively.




    
    
In
    March 2017
 the Company issued a promissory note to Frost Nevada Investments Trust (the &ldquo;Holder&rdquo;)
 an entity affiliated
    with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 in the aggregate principal amount of $20
000
000 (the &ldquo;Subordinated Note&rdquo;). The purpose
    of Company&rsquo;s issuance of the Subordinated Note was to finance the GCP Share Acquisition. The Subordinated
    Note bears interest quarterly at the rate of 11% per annum. The principal and interest incurred thereon shall be due and
    payable in full on March 15
 2019. All claims of the Holder to principal
 interest and any other amounts owed under the Subordinated
    Note are subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company existing as of the date of the Subordinated
    Note. The Subordinated Note contains customary events of default and may be prepaid by the Company
 in whole or
    in part
 without penalty
 at any time.


Payments
due on notes payable are as follows:



Years
    ending March 31

    

    
    

    
21
675
000

    
13
133
124

    
211
580

    
    

    
    

    
35
019
704




    
    


NOTE
9 &mdash; 

Equity
distribution agreement
 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the &ldquo;2014
Distribution Agreement&rdquo;) with Barrington Research Associates
 Inc. (&ldquo;Barrington&rdquo;)
 as sales agent
 under which
the Company may issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 shares (the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of
its common stock having a gross sales price of up to $10
000
000.

Sales
of the Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 if any
 may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be
an &ldquo;at-the-market&rdquo; offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation
directly on the NYSE MKT LLC or any other existing trading market for the common stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount
specified
 and otherwise to or through Barrington in accordance with the placement notices delivered by the Company to Barrington.
Also
 with the prior consent of the Company
 some of the Shares may be sold in privately negotiated transactions. Under the 2014
Distribution Agreement
 Barrington will be entitled to compensation of 2.0 % of the gross proceeds from the sale of all of the
Shares sold through Barrington
 as sales agent
 pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement. Also
 the Company will reimburse
Barrington for certain expenses incurred in connection with the matters contemplated by the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 up to
an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional $7
500 per calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however
that such reimbursement amount shall not exceed 8% of the aggregate gross proceeds received by the Company under the 2014 Distribution
Agreement.

During
the year ended March 31
 2017
 no shares were issued under the 2014 Distribution Agreement. As of March 31
 2017
 Shares having
a gross sales price of up to approximately $4.7 million remained available for issuance pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement.

During
the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company sold 2
119
282 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross
proceeds of $3
251
989
 before deducting sales agent and issuance costs of $124
876.

From
November 2014 through March 31
 2015
 the Company sold 1
290
581 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total
gross proceeds of $2
088
674
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $122
149.

In
November 2013
 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the &ldquo;2013 Distribution Agreement&rdquo;) with
Barrington
 as sales agent
 under which the Company could issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
Shares of its common stock having a gross sales price of up to $6.0 million.

In
the three months ended June 30
 2014
 the Company sold 1
247
343 Shares pursuant to the 2013 Distribution Agreement
 with total
gross proceeds of $1
231
241
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $64
198. No Shares were sold in the nine-month
period from July 1
 2014 through March 31
 2015 under the 2013 Distribution Agreement.

The
2013 Distribution Agreement expired in August 2014 upon the expiration of the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-3
under which the shares were sold.

Convertible
Notes conversion
 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and
$1
417 of accrued interest thereon into 501
574 shares of common stock.

Subsidiary
dividend
 GCP declared and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company allocated
40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
 to non-controlling interests. No dividends were declared or paid in the year ended March 31
2015.

GCP
Acquisition
 in March 2017
 the Company issued 1
800
000 shares of Common Stock to the Sellers in
connection with the GCP Acquisition.

NOTE
10 &mdash; 

The
Company enters into forward contracts from time to time to reduce its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The Company recognizes
in the balance sheet derivative contracts at fair value
 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March
31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which
was de minimis during the periods presented
 is included in other income and expense.

NOTE
11 &mdash; 

The
Company accounts for taxes in accordance with ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo;
 which requires the recognition of tax benefits
or expense on the temporary differences between the tax basis and book basis of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences
are expected to be recovered or settled.

The
Company&rsquo;s income tax expense for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 consists primarily of federal and state and
local taxes attributable to GCP
 which does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company. Effective with the acquisition
of the additional 20.1% of GCP as described in Note 4
 GCP will file as part of the U.S. federal consolidated income tax group
for periods subsequent to the acquisition.

The
components of income before the provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows:



    
Year
    Ended
    March 31
 2017
Year
    Ended
    March 31
 2016
Year
    Ended
    March 31
 2015

    
945
985
(385
672
(2
285
380

    
(251
663
129
814
90
466

    
694
322
(255
858
(2
194
914



    
    



The
provision (benefit) for income taxes is comprised of the following:



    
Year
    Ended
    March 31
 2017
Year
    Ended
    March 31
 2016
Year
    Ended
    March 31
 2015

Current provision
    (benefit)
    
    
    

    
1
617
000
1
183
000
608
589

    
(784
000
397
000
382
232

    
    
    
    

Total current provision
    (benefit)
833
000
1
580
000
990
821

    
    
    
    

Deferred provision
    (benefit)
    
    
    

    
(540
000
(148
152
214
958

    
9
702
19
000
73
220

    
(115
000
    
    

Total deferred provision
    (benefit)
(645
298
(129
152
288
178

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Total provision
    (benefit)
    
    
    

    
1
077
000
1
034
848
823
547

    
(774
298
416
000
455
452

    
(115
000
    
    

Total provision
    (benefit)
187
702
1
450
848
1
278
999


The
effective income tax rate varies from the current statutory federal income tax rate of 34% as follows:




    

    ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 at 34%
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
73.68

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




state NOL and deferred tax true-ups.



Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting and tax purposes. Significant components of the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:




    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
144
000
    

    
    
    
112
000
    
    
    
103
000
    

    
    
    
1
204
000
    
    
    
857
000
    

    
    
    
665
000
    
    
    
679
000
    

    
    
    
29
374
000
    
    
    
33
585
000
    

    
    
    
1
511
000
    
    
    
2
003
000
    

    
    
    
245
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
111
000
    
    
    
37
373
000
    

    
    
    
(32
621
000
    
    
    
(37
355
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
490
000
    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(994
000
    
    
    
(1
222
000
    

    
    
    
(6
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(48
766
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
048
766
    
    
    
(1
222
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(558
766
    
    
    
(1
204
000
    


In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more-likely-than-not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent
upon the generation of future taxable income in those periods in which temporary differences become deductible and/or net operating
loss carryforwards can be utilized. The Company considers the level of historical taxable income
 scheduled reversal of temporary
differences
 tax planning strategies and projected future taxable income in determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted.
Based on historic operating losses and projected future income
 the Company concluded that its net deferred tax assets are not
realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. As such
 the Company maintained a full valuation allowance against its net deferred
tax assets. The Company&rsquo;s valuation allowance decreased by $4
734
000 during fiscal 2017.

In
accordance with ASC 350-10
 the Company does not amortize indefinite lived-intangible assets for financial reporting purposes.
The deferred tax liability of $559
000 relates to the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis
of intangible assets.


    
    



As of March 31
 2017
 the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $83
446
000
for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire in Fiscal 2023 through 2037
 if not utilized. The annual utilization of the net operating loss
carryforwards may be limited in future years due to the &ldquo;change in ownership provisions&rdquo; set forth in Section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code. The Company also has Irish net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $12
092
000
 which have
an indefinite life.


 2017
 the Company has not provided for U.S. federal and foreign withholding taxes on any excess
of financial reporting over the tax basis of investments in foreign subsidiaries
 as such earnings are indefinitely reinvested
overseas. Generally
 such amounts become subject to U.S. taxation upon the remittance of dividends and under certain other circumstances.
Due to the complexities of the tax laws and assumptions that would have to be made
 it is not practicable to estimate the amounts
of income tax provisions that may be required.

A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 excluding interest and penalties
 is as follows:



Balance at March 31
 2016
    

Additions based on tax
    positions taken in the current and prior years
18
000

    
    

Decreases based on tax positions
    taken in prior years
    

    
    

Balance at March 31
 2017
18
000


Of
the amounts reflected above at March 31
 2017
 the entire amount would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized. The Company
records accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters in general and administrative expenses. For the year ended
March 31
 2017
 interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits were $2
000. The Company does not believe that the amount
of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months.

Tax
years 2013 through 2017 remain open to examination by federal and state tax jurisdictions. The Company has various foreign subsidiaries
for which tax years 2011 through 2017 remain open to examination in certain foreign tax jurisdictions.


NOTE
12 &mdash; 

Stock
Incentive Plan
 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2003 Plan&rdquo;)
which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its
officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are
granted with an exercise price at or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant
 generally
vest over a three to five year period and expire ten years after the grant date.

As
established
 there were 2
000
000 shares of common stock available for distribution under the 2003 Plan. In January 2009
 the
Company&rsquo;s shareholders approved an amendment to the 2003 Plan to increase the number of shares available under the 2003
Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to establish the maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular
year. As of August 2013
 no new awards may be issued under the 2003 Plan.

In
October 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&ldquo;2013 Plan&rdquo;) which provides
for an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted
stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals.
In February 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s shareholders approved an amendment to the 2013 Plan to increase the number of shares available
under the 2013 Plan from 10
000
000 to 20
000
000. As of March 31
 2017
 8
289
000 shares had been issued under the 2013 Plan
with 11
711
000 shares remaining available for issuance.

Stock-based
compensation expense for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 amounted to $1
577
994
 $1
370
556 and $787
710
 respectively
of which $495
775
 $493
666 and $178
137
 respectively
 is included in selling expense and $1
082
219
 $876
890 and $609
573
respectively
 is included in general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.
At March 31
 2017
 total unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $3
348
495
 representing 6
546
375 unvested
options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.35 years. There were 671
028
 1
079
602 and
677
127 options exercised during the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The Company did not recognize any
related tax benefit for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 as the effects were de minimis.


    
    


Stock
Options



    
Years
    ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at beginning
    of year
13
508
086
    
11
988
188
    
11
174
007
    

    
3
280
000
    
2
622
500
    
2
525
000
    

    
(671
028
    
(1
079
602
    
(677
127
    

    
(318
500
    
(23
000
    
(1
033
692
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding and expected to vest at
    end of period
15
798
558
    
13
508
086
    
11
988
188
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
9
285
121
    
7
931
813
    
7
064
133
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
following table summarizes activity pertaining to options outstanding and exercisable at March 31
 2017:




    
    
Options
    Outstanding
    
    
Options
    Exercisable
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of
    
    
    
    
Life
    in
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercise
    Prices
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$0.01
    &mdash; $0.25
    
    
303
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
303
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
403
354
    

$0.26
    &mdash; $0.40
    
    
7
132
458
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
783
396
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
223
876
    

$0.41
    &mdash; $1.00
    
    
5
299
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
137
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
644
688
    

$1.01
    &mdash; $1.50
    
    
586
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
391
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
121
620
    

$1.51
    &mdash; $2.00
    
    
2
471
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
664
375
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$6.01
    &mdash; $7.00
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
798
558
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
285
121
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
393
538
    



Total
stock options exercisable as of March 31
 2017 were 9
285
121. The weighted average exercise price of these options was
$0.55. The weighted average remaining life of the options outstanding was 6.33 years and of the options exercisable was 4.87 years.

The
following summarizes activity pertaining to the Company&rsquo;s unvested options for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and
2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2014
5
662
560
    

    
    
    

    
2
525
000
    

    
(954
083
    

    
(2
309
422
    

    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2015
4
924
055
    

    
    
    

    
2
622
500
    

    
(12
000
    

    
(1
958
282
    

    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2016
5
576
273
    

    
    
    

    
3
280
000
    

    
(138
250
    

    
(2
171
648
    

    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2017
6
546
375
    



    
    


The
fair value of each award under the 2003 and 2013 Plans is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
and is affected by assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. The use of an option pricing model also
requires the use of a number of complex assumptions including expected volatility
 risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
and expected term. Expected volatility is based on the Company&rsquo;s historical volatility and the volatility of a peer group
of companies over the expected life of the option. The expected term and vesting of the options represents the estimated period
of time until exercise. The expected term was determined using the simplified method available under current guidance. The risk-free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The
Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the past and does not plan to pay any dividends on its common stock in the
near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires the Company to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise
these estimates
 if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company estimates
forfeitures based on its expectation of future experience while considering its historical experience.

The
fair value of options at grant date was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following weighted
average assumptions:



    
March
    31


    
    
    
    

    
1.37%
                                         - 1.89
1.39%
                                         - 1.81
1.47%
                                         - 1.76

    
5.5
                                         - 6.25
5.5
                                         - 6.25
5.5
                                         - 6.25

    
68%
                                         - 69
70%
                                         - 73
74%
                                         - 77

    
    
    
    


Employee
Stock Purchase Plan
 the Company&rsquo;s shareholders approved the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (&ldquo;2017
ESPP&rdquo;) which provides for an aggregate of 3
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock reserved for issuance over the term
of the 2017 ESPP. The purpose of the 2017 ESPP is to provide incentives for present and future employees of the Company and any
designated subsidiary to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company through the purchase of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock. As of March 31
 2017
 no shares had been acquired under the 2017 ESPP.

NOTE
13 &mdash; 



    
    
Pallini
    S.p.A. (&ldquo;Pallini&rdquo;)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 is a shareholder in the Company and one of the
    officers of Pallini served as a director of the Company until March 26
 2015. In January 2011
 CB-USA entered into an agreement
    (&ldquo;New Agreement&rdquo;) with Pallini regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The
    terms of the New Agreement were effective as of April 1
 2010.


Pallini
is no longer a related party effective April 1
 2015. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company purchased goods from Pallini
for $3
840
446.



    
    
In
    November 2008
 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
    under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&rsquo;s executive
    vice president
 effective October 11
 2008 to serve as the Company&rsquo;s president and chief executive officer and to provide
    certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any
    direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr. Lampen in connection with providing such
    services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is
    terminable by either party upon 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 Vector
    Group was paid $110
846
 $85
396 and $135
475
 respectively
 under this agreement. These charges have been included in general
    and administrative expense.




    
    
In
    November 2008
 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&ldquo;LTS&rdquo;)
    for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March
    31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 LTS was paid $128
625
 $131
054 and $210
875
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr. Lampen
 the
    Company&rsquo;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director
    of LTS and four other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost
 M.D. who is the Chairman
    and principal shareholder of LTS.

    
    
    

    
    
As
    described in Note 8C
 in March 2013
 the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with certain related parties. As described
    in Notes 8D and 8E
 in October 2013 and March 2017
 the Company entered into various notes with certain related parties.

    
    
    

    
    
As described in Note 4 in March
                                         2017
 the Company issued 1
800
000 shares of Common Stock to the Sellers and paid
                                         $20
000
000 to the Sellers in connection with the GCP Acquisition.



NOTE
14 &mdash; 



    
    
The
    Company has entered into a supply agreement with an Irish distiller (&ldquo;Irish Distillery&rdquo;)
 which provides for the
    production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the
    terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to
    the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated
    amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
    subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase
    approximately &euro;900
386 or $961
756 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &euro;837
164
    or $894
225
 has been purchased as of March 31
 2017. For the contract year ending June 30
 2018
 the Company has contracted
    to purchase approximately &euro;1
017
189 or $1
086
520 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey.
    The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply
    agreement
 the Irish Distillery has the right to limit additional purchases above the commitment amount.



    
    




    
    
The
    Company has also entered into a supply agreement with the Irish Distillery
 which provides for the production of single malt
    Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement.
    The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to the Company
 except
    for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters
    of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to
    certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately
    &euro;394
961 or $421
882 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &euro;313
081
    or $334
421
 has been purchased as of March 31
 2017. For the year ending June 30
 2018
 the Company has contracted to purchase
    approximately &euro;442
274 or $472
420 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company
    is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
 the
    Irish Distillery has the right to limit additional purchases above the commitment amount.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company has entered into a supply agreement with a bourbon distiller
 which provides for the production of newly distilled
    bourbon whiskey through December 31
 2019. Under this agreement
 the distiller provides the Company with an agreed upon amount
    of original proof gallons of newly distilled bourbon whiskey
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year
    ended December 31
 2016
 the Company contracted and purchased approximately $2
053
750 in newly distilled bourbon. For the
    contract year ending December 31
 2017
 the Company originally contracted to purchase approximately $2
464
500 in newly distilled
    bourbon
 none of which had been purchased as of March 31
 2017. The Company is not obligated to pay the distiller for any
    product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
 the distiller has the right to limit additional purchases
    to ten percent above the commitment amount. In March 2017
 the distiller notified the Company of its intent to terminate the
    contract under its terms after the 2017 contract year
 and to limit the purchase amount for the 2017 contract year to the
    2016 contract year amount. 

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company has a distribution agreement with an international supplier to be the sole-producer of Celtic Honey
 one of the Company&rsquo;s
    products
 for an indefinite period.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company leases office space in New York
 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010
    and expires on February 29
 2020 and provides for monthly payments of $26
255. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009
    and extends through October 31
 2019 and provides for monthly payments of &euro;1
500 or $1
602 (translated at the March 31
    2017 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on April 27
 2015 and extends through June 26
 2018 and provides for
    monthly payments of $3
440. The Company has also entered into non-cancelable operating leases for certain office equipment.


Future
minimum lease payments for leases with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year are as follows:



Years
    ending March 31

    

    
384
994

    
360
982

    
321
514

    
    

    
1
067
490


In
addition to the above annual rental payments
 the Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses
on the leased premises. Rent expense under operating leases amounted to approximately $477
460
 $335
047 and $359
714 for the
years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 and is included in general and administrative expense.



    
    
As
    described in Note 8C
 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Credit Facility
 as amended in July 2012
 March
    2013
 August 2013
 November 2013
 August 2014
 September 2014 and August 2015.




    
    
Except
    as set forth below
 the Company believes that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
    in the opinion of management after consultation with counsel
 is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.


The
Company may become involved in litigation from time to time relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of its business.
These claims
 even if not meritorious
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.

NOTE
15 &mdash; 



    
    
Credit
    Risk
    at times
 may exceed federally and internationally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts
    and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk.




    
    
Customers
                                         
 the Southern Glazer&rsquo;s Wine and Spirits of America
                                         Inc. family of companies
 accounted for approximately
 36.6%
 39.9% and 29.7% of the
                                         Company&rsquo;s net sales for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
                                         and approximately 29.3% and 38.6% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2017 and 2016
                                         respectively.
        



    
    


NOTE
16 &mdash; 

The
Company operates in one reportable segment &mdash; the sale of premium beverage alcohol. The Company&rsquo;s product categories
are rum
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and ginger beer
 a related non-alcoholic beverage product. The Company reports its
operations in two geographic areas: International and United States.

The
consolidated financial statements include revenues and assets generated in or held in the U.S. and foreign countries. The following
table sets forth the amounts and percentage of consolidated sales
 net
 consolidated income from operations
 consolidated net
income (loss) attributable to common shareholders
 consolidated income tax expense and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign
countries and consolidated sales
 net by category.




    
    
Years
    ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Sales
 net:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
528
766
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
302
134
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
938
393
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
740
365
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
62
918
234
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
49
519
028
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total Consolidated
    Sales
 net
    
    
77
269
131
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
220
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
57
457
421
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(210
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(34
268
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
172
    
    
    
    
    

United
    States
    
    
2
115
099
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
039
815
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
095
077
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Consolidated Income (Loss) from Operations
    
    
1
904
999
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
005
547
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
077
905
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Net Loss Attributable to Common
    Shareholders:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(109
164
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
490
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(101
453
    
    
    
    
    

United
    States
    
    
(743
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
527
858
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
698
289
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Consolidated Net Loss Attributable to Common Shareholders
    
    
(852
613
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
516
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
799
742
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income tax (expense)
 net:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

United
    States
    
    
(187
702
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
450
848
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
278
999
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Sales
 net by category:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
339
770
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
009
839
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
147
028
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
759
610
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
858
554
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
998
034
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
386
705
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
567
121
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
756
376
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
569
004
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
364
429
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
413
994
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
210
012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
198
330
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
208
845
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
004
029
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
222
095
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
933
144
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Consolidated Sales
 net
    
    
77
269
131
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
220
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
57
457
421
    
    
    
    
    




    
As
    of March 31


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
3
234
536
    
2
786
333
    

    
51
107
608

    
45
824
050
    

    
    
    
    
    

Total Consolidated
    Assets
54
342
144

    
48
610
383
    



    
    


NOTE
17 &mdash; 




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales
 net
    
    
16
750
925
    
    
    
19
627
791
    
    
    
18
309
539
    
    
    
22
580
876
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
716
115
    
    
    
7
727
260
    
    
    
7
670
240
    
    
    
9
586
742
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(595
703
    
    
    
(489
854
    
    
    
892
364
    
    
    
699
725
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (income) attributable
    to noncontrolling interests
    
    
(170
116
    
    
    
(210
856
    
    
    
(469
798
    
    
    
(508
375
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(765
819
    
    
    
(700
710
    
    
    
422
566
    
    
    
191
350
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
 attributable
    to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
    attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
    basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
160
521
947
    
    
    
160
698
696
    
    
    
160
963
862
    
    
    
161
065
685
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
    diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
160
521
947
    
    
    
160
698
696
    
    
    
165
245
935
    
    
    
165
878
218
    





    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Sales
 net
16
513
079
18
536
509
17
207
372
19
963
408

    
    
    
    
    

    
6
627
314
7
056
402
6
702
095
8
167
759

    
    
    
    
    

    
(850
144
(682
057
(595
911
421
406

    
    
    
    
    

Net (income)
    loss attributable to noncontrolling interests
(273
518
(329
214
(211
792
4
862

    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income attributable to common
    stockholders
(1
123
662
(1
011
271
(807
703
426
268

    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
    basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
    diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic
 attributable
    to common shareholders
157
535
571
159
774
811
160
031
891
160
167
121

Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable
    to common shareholders
157
535
571
159
774
811
160
031
891
167
331
808



    
    


Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

(a)




disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
 as such
 is accumulated
and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including our Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;) and Chief Financial
Officer (&ldquo;CFO&rdquo;)
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management
 together with
our CEO and CFO
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
of the Exchange Act
 as of March 31
 2017. Based on their evaluation
 the CEO and CFO concluded that
 due to a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting as described below
 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of March 31
 2017. In light of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting
 we analyzed the underlying
data used for the allocation of excise taxes and freight costs to inventory
 prior to filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


procedures have allowed us to conclude that
 notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting
 the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report fairly present
 in all material respects
 the
Company&rsquo;s financial position
 results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.


(b)





is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.


the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including the CEO and CFO
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2017 based upon Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).


material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis.



 2017
we did not maintain effective internal controls over the allocation of excise taxes and freight costs to inventory because certain
internal controls over the reconciliation of excise taxes and freights costs allocated to inventory were not operating effectively.



errors arising from the underlying deficiency are not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements reported in any interim
or annual period and therefore
 did not result in a revision to previously filed Consolidated Financial Statements. However
 this
control deficiency could result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim Consolidated Financial Statements that would
not be prevented or detected in a timely manner. Accordingly
 we have determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material
weakness.


of this material weakness
 management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as
of March 31
 2017
 based on criteria described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.


public accounting firm
 EisnerAmper LLP
 has issued an adverse audit report on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2017
 which is included in this Form 10-K in Item 8
 &ldquo;Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data.&rdquo;

Remediation
of the Material Weakness



of the material weakness
 management has begun implementing a remediation plan to address the control deficiency underlying
the material weakness. The remediation plan includes:


specific reconciliation and review procedures on a quarterly as well as annual basis designed to ensure inventory is being accurately
costed.



its enhanced review procedures in place and operating in the second quarter of the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year ending March 31
2018. Management intends to remediate this material weakness by March 31
 2018
 assuming the Company has sufficient opportunities
to conclude
 through testing
 that the enhanced control is operating effectively.



(d)


There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred in the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


    
    


(d)


To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Castle
Brands Inc.


subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2017
 based on criteria established
in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying
Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting
was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
An entity&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the entity;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the entity are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the entity; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the entity&rsquo;s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.


limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


is a control deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management&rsquo;s assessment
under Item 9A. The material weakness related to controls over the allocation of excise taxes and freight costs to inventory and
was considered in determining the nature
 timing
 and extent of the audit tests applied in our audit of the March 31
 2017 financial
statements
 and this report does not affect our report dated June 14
 2017
 on those financial statements.


 because
of the effect of the material weakness described above on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria
 Castle Brands
Inc. has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2017
 based on criteria established
in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by COSO.


 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years
in the three-year period ended March 31
 2017
 and our report dated June 14
 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.



/s/
    EisnerAmper LLP
    

    
    

New
    York
 New York
    

June
    14
 2017
    



    
    


Item
9B. Other Information




PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

This
information will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with
the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference
or
 alternatively
 by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.

Item
11. Executive Compensation

This
information will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with
the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference
or
 alternatively
 by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

Information
regarding equity compensation plans is set forth in Item 5 of this annual report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
other information required by this Item 12 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders
 to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated
herein by reference or
 alternatively
 by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such
120 day period.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

This
information will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with
the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference
or
 alternatively
 by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services

This
information will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with
the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference
or
 alternatively
 by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.

PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules



    
The
    following documents are filed as part of this Report:




    
    
Financial
    Statements &mdash; See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8 on page 32 of this annual report on Form 10-K.




    
    
Financial
    Statement Schedules &mdash; Omitted because they are not applicable or not required.




    
    
Exhibits
    &mdash; The following exhibits are filed as part of
 or incorporated by reference into
 this annual report on Form 10-K:



    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Equity
    Distribution Agreement
 dated November 20
 2014
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Barrington Research Associates
 Inc.
 as sales
    agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Stock
    Purchase Agreement
 dated March 29
 2017
 by and among Castle Brands Inc.
 Gosling&rsquo;s Limited
 and E. Malcolm B. Gosling
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30
 2017)

    
    
    

    
    
Composite
    Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our annual report on Form 10-K for the
    fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 filed with the SEC on June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws
    of the Company (incorporated by reference to Appendix E to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC
    on December 30
 2009)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-8 (File
    No. 333-160380) filed with the SEC on March 10
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of September 22
 2014
 by and among ACF FinCo I LP
 the Company and Castle
    Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September
    24
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Revolving Credit Note
 dated as of August 7
 2015
 in favor of ACF FinCo I LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    4.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
5%
    Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement
 dated as of October 21
 2013
 among the Company and the parties set forth
    on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed
    with the SEC on October 25
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of 5% Subordinated Convertible Note Due 2018
 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current
    report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
First
    Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2015
 by and among ACF FinCo I LP
    the Company and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed
    with the SEC on August 10
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Second
    Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of August 17
 2015
 by and among ACF FinCo I LP
    the Company and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed
    with the SEC on August 18
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
11%
    Subordinated Note due 2019
 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form
    8-K filed with the SEC on March 30
 2017)

    
    
    

    
    
Restated
    Export Agreement
 dated as of May 9
 2017
 between Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda)
    Limited*(3)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated National Distribution Agreement
 dated as of March 29
 2017
 by and between Castle Brands (USA) Corp. and Gosling-Castle
    Partners Inc.* (3)

    
    
    

    
    
Stockholders&rsquo;
    Agreement
 dated February 18
 2005
 by and among Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. and the persons listed on Schedule I thereto
    (Exhibit 10.5)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    dated as of January 12
 2011
 between Pallini SpA and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 18
 2011) (2)

    
    
    

    
    
Supply
    Agreement
 dated as of January 1
 2005
 between Irish Distillers Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited and Castle
    Brands (USA) Corp. (Exhibit 10.8)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    No. 1 to Supply Agreement
 dated as of September 20
 2005
 to the Supply Agreement
 dated as of January 1
 2005
 among Irish
    Distillers Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (Exhibit 10.9)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Letter
    Agreement
 dated November 7
 2008
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Vector Group Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 12
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Indemnification Agreement entered into with directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report
    on Form 10-Q filed on August 14
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Castle Brands Inc. Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form
    8-K filed with the SEC on June 16
 2006)#

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 dated as of April 7
 2017
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7
 2017)#

    
    
    

    
    
Third
    Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of February 26
 2010
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1
 2010)#



    
    





    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 dated as of April 7
 2017
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7
 2017)#

    
    
    

    
    
Reaffirmation
    Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp.
 the officers signatory thereto
    and certain junior lenders to the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed
    with the SEC on August 10
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Castle
    Brands Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended (Exhibit 10.29)(1)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Castle Brands Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (Exhibit 10.30)(1)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    No. 2 to Castle Brands Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to our annual report on
    Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30
 2009 filed with the SEC on June 29
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Restricted Stock Agreement*#

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 dated as of April 7
 2017
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7
 2017)#

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Validity and Support Agreement
 dated as of August 19
 2011
 among Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP
 the Company
 Castle
    Brands (USA) Corp. and the officer signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form
    8-K filed with the SEC on August 25
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 dated as of April 7
 2017
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Alejandra Pe&ntilde;a (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.4 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7
 2017)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to the Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of May 11
 2012
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and
    Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Castle
    Brands Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule
    14A for the 2012 annual meeting of shareholders
 filed with the SEC on September 11
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    No. 1 to the Castle Brands Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our registration statement
    on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on March 23
 2017)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Fourth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of January 24
 2014
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark
    Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on January 27
 2014)#

    
    
    

    
    
Extension
    and Amendment Agreement
 dated as of October 24
 2015
 by and between Castle Brands (USA) Corp. and Pallini S.p.A. (f/k/a
    Pallini Internazionale S.r.l.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on October
    29
 2015)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of February 1
 2016
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark
    Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on February 3
 2016)#

    
    
    

    
    
Castle
    Brands Inc. 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our definitive proxy statement on
    Schedule 14A for the 2016 annual meeting of shareholders
 filed with the SEC on January 11
 2017)#

    
    
    

    
    

 dated March 29
 2007
 by
    and among Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. and the persons listed on Schedule I thereto*

    
    
    

    
    
List
    of Subsidiaries*

    
    
    

    
    
Consent
    of EisnerAmper LLP*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of CEO Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of CFO Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*



    
    




    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document.*

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. *




    
Filed
    herewith




    
Management
    Compensation Contract




    
Previously
    filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-128676)
 which was declared effective on April
    5
 2006
 and incorporated by reference herein.




    
Confidential
    portions of this document are omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment that has been granted by the Commission
    and have been filed separately with the Commission.

    
    

    

    this document are omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and have been filed separately with the Commission.


Item
16. Form 10-K Summary




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 on June 14
 2017.



    
CASTLE
    BRANDS INC.

    
    

    
    
/s/
    ALFRED J. SMALL

    
    
Alfred
    J. Small 

    
    
Senior
    Vice President
 Chief Financial

    
    
Officer
    Secretary and Treasurer (Principal

    
    
Financial
    Officer and Principal Accounting

    
    
    


POWER
OF ATTORNEY

Each
individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 such person&rsquo;s
true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for such person and in such person&rsquo;s
name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K
 and to file the
same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and all documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting
unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person
hereby ratifying and confirming all that any said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or any substitute or substitutes of any of them
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
President
    and Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
June
    14
 2017

Richard
    J. Lampen
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
Senior
    Vice President
 Chief Financial
    
June
    14
 2017

Alfred
    J. Small
    
Officer
    Secretary and Treasurer (Principal
    
    

    
    
Financial
    Officer and Principal Accounting
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June
    14
 2017

Mark
    Andrews
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June
    14
 2017

John
    F. Beaudette
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June
    14
 2017

Henry
    C. Beinstein
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/

 M.D.
    
    
    
June
    14
 2017

Phillip
    Frost
 M.D.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June
    14
 2017

Dr.
    Richard M. Krasno
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June
    14
 2017

Steven
    D. Rubin
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June
    14
 2017

Mark
    Zeitchick
    
    
    
    



    
    













     




EXHIBIT
10.1

NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

RESTATED
Export AGREEMENT

As
Fully Restated on May 9
 2017

This
Restated Export Agreement (this &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
 entered into as of May 9
 2017
 between Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
(f/k/a Gosling Partners Inc.)
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited
a company organized under the laws of Bermuda (&ldquo;GXB&rdquo;)
 is for the sole purpose of restating that Export Agreement
entered into as of February 14
 2005
 as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Export Agreement on February 18
 2005
 further amended
by Amendment No. 2 to Export Agreement on July 25
 2012
 further amended by Amendment No. 3 to Export Agreement on June 9
 2015
and further amended by Amendment No. 4 to Export Agreement on March 29
 2017 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Export Agreement&rdquo;).

WHEREAS
the parties are interested in pursuing global sales of GXB&rsquo;s Products (as defined below) and to maximize the distribution
of the Products in the Territory (as defined below); and

WHEREAS
the parties are hereby restating the Export Agreement in its entirety for the sole purpose of reflecting the initial agreement
with all amendments made prior hereto.

NOW
THEREFORE
 for good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged
 and in consideration
of the mutual promises set forth below
 the parties hereto
 intending to be legally bound
 agree as follows:

1.




    
    
&ldquo;Case&rdquo;
    shall mean (i) for rums
 twelve (12) bottles of 750 ml. each or an equivalent nine (9) liter volume
 (ii) for Goslings Dark
    &lsquo;n Stormy RTD
 four (4) cases of six four-packs that aggregate to one liter each per four pack
 or an equivalent twenty
    four (24) liter volume
 and (iii) for Goslings Rum Swizzle RTD
 two (2) cases of six bottles of 1.75 liter each
 or an equivalent
    twenty one (21) liter volume.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Castle&rdquo;
    shall mean Castle Brands Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Contract
    Year&rdquo; shall mean any twelve (12) month period beginning on the first day of April and ending on the last day of March
    of the following calendar year.



    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.



    
    
&nbsp;&ldquo;Industry
    Buyer&rdquo; shall mean an entity whose primary business is the sale of beverage alcohol products.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Initial
    Term&rdquo; shall mean the period commencing on April 1
 2005 and continuing for twenty-five (25) years thereafter.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Intellectual
    Property Rights&rdquo; shall mean registered or unregistered trademarks
 trade names
 including
 but not limited to
 Gosling&rsquo;s
    Black Seal&reg; Rum
 Gosling&rsquo;s Gold Rum&reg;
 Gosling&rsquo;s Old Rum&reg;
 Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer and GOSLING&rsquo;S
    SINCE 1806 STORMY GINGER BEER ALL NATURAL THE REFRESHING ZIP OF GINGER
 patents
 patent applications
 patent rights (including
    any patents issuing on such applications or rights)
 service marks
 trade dress
 licenses
 technology and all other intellectual
    property
 including
 without limitation
 all computer programs
 formulas
 databases
 know-how
 trade secrets used or held
    for use in connection with the Products.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Renewal
    Term&rdquo; shall mean the period commencing the first day following the end of the &ldquo;Initial Term&rdquo; or any subsequent
    &ldquo;Renewal Term&rdquo; and continuing for ten (10) years thereafter.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Person&rdquo;
    shall mean any individual
 corporation
 limited liability company
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 association
 unincorporated
    organization
 or other entity.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Products&rdquo;
    shall mean all of the products set forth on Schedule I hereto. 

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Territory&rdquo;
    shall include all national or international markets with the exception of Bermuda.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Trademarks&rdquo;
    shall mean all trademarks
 brand names and logo design used on or in connection with Products.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Ginger
    Beer Case&rdquo; shall mean twenty-four (24) twelve (12) fluid ounce cans (288 fluid ounces) or equivalent volume of ginger
    beer in different packaging formats
 including
 but not limited to
 the equivalent volume of ginger beer produced from the
    &ldquo;bag-in-box&rdquo; packaging format.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Ginger
    Beer Percentage&rdquo; shall mean as follows: (i) if total Ginger Beer Case sales by Polar or another GXB &ndash; authorized
    manufacturer to the Company are less than [ * ] Ginger Beer Cases for the last twelve full months prior to the time of a sale
    the Ginger Beer Percentage shall be [ * ]% of the sale Proceeds; and (ii) to the extent that Ginger Beer Case sales by Polar
    or another GXB &ndash; authorized manufacturer to the Company are greater than or equal to [ * ] Ginger Beer Cases for the
    last twelve full months prior to the time of a sale
 the Ginger Beer Percentage shall increase by an additional [ * ]% of
    the sale Proceeds for each additional [ * ] Ginger Beer Cases sold during the last twelve full months prior to the time of
    a sale
 subject to a maximum Ginger Beer Percentage of [ * ]% at [ * ] Ginger Beer Case sales or more; provided
 however
    that to the extent that total Ginger Beer Case sales by Polar or another GXB &ndash; authorized manufacturer to the Company
    are greater than or equal to [ * ] Ginger Beer Case sales for the last twelve full months prior to the time of a sale
 the
    Ginger Beer Percentage shall be increased by an additional [ * ]% of the sale Proceeds less any amounts received by the Company
    from Polar Corp. pursuant to Section 6 of the Polar Agreement.



    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.



    
    
&ldquo;Polar
    Agreement&rdquo; shall mean that certain Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement dated April 1
 2009
 by and between GXB
    and Polar Corp.
 as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto
 dated March 29
 2017. 

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Supermajority&rdquo;
    shall mean the members of the Board of Directors of the Company representing in the aggregate at least (A) 81% of the outstanding
    shares of common stock of the Company
 and (B) either (1) the member of the Board of Directors appointed by E. Malcolm B.
    Gosling or (2) the member of the Board of Directors appointed by Gosling&rsquo;s Limited.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Proceeds&rdquo;
    shall mean proceeds received less any reasonable legal
 brokerage
 and other transaction costs directly related to the sale
    which are actually incurred by GXB. 


2.


(a)
GXB hereby assigns its global distribution rights (excluding Bermuda) to all Products to the Company for the Term of this Agreement
and hereby appoints the Company as its exclusive authorized global exporter of the Products in the Territory. In connection therewith
GXB hereby grants the Company a license for the use of its global Trademarks (excluding Bermuda) for the Products for the Term
of this Agreement
 it being understood that such license does not include using such Trademarks on merchandise or other goods
aside from the Products themselves and marketing or promotional materials relating to the advertising and distribution thereof
by the Company. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that
 notwithstanding the Company&rsquo;s rights as exclusive global
distributor (excluding Bermuda) of the Goslings Ginger Beer Products and licensee of the related Trademarks
 GXB shall be permitted
to perform its obligations under the Polar Agreement. The past or future performance by GXB of its obligations in accordance with
the requirements of the Polar Agreement shall not constitute a breach or other violation of this Agreement by GXB. The Company
and GXB hereby acknowledge and agree as follows for the Term for this Agreement: (i) GXB does hereby delegate to the Company GXB&rsquo;s
approval rights contained in Section 5 of the Polar Agreement; provided that the Company shall consult with GXB and take GXB&rsquo;s
input into consideration prior to exercising any approval rights thereunder; and provided
 further
 that any such approval or
disapproval shall be dealt with through GXB and not directly with Polar Corp.; (ii) GXB does hereby assign to the Company GXB&rsquo;s
rights to receive liquidated damages from Polar Corp
 contained in Section 5 of the Polar Agreement; provided that the Company
shall reimburse GXB for any costs or expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees) incurred by GXB in enforcing the right to such
liquidated damages; and (iii) the Company will indemnify and hold GXB harmless with respect to any and all costs
 expenses (including
attorneys&rsquo; fees)
 damages
 losses or other expenses
 including any payments required to be made by GXB to Polar Corp.
 under
(A) the penultimate sentence of the second paragraph of Section 2.e. of the Polar Agreement (relating to commissions on sales
outside of North America)
 and (B) the last three sentences of the first paragraph of Section 5 of the Polar Agreement (relating
to sales to Protected Customers (as defined therein))
 and (C) as a result of any sales by the Company&rsquo;s resellers or distributors
to Protected Customers that could have been prevented by the Company without it having to exercise commercially unreasonable efforts.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

(b)
The compensation to GXB by the Company for the assignment of these global distribution rights is a total payment of $2
500
000
payable in four equal installments of $625
000 at April 1
 2005
 October 1
 2005
 April 1
 2006 and October 1
 2006.

(c)
On April 1
 2005
 the beginning of the Initial Term
 GXB shall assign all of its rights
 title and interest in and to the National
Distribution Agreement
 effective January 1
 2005
 between GXB and Castle (as amended to reflect an initial term of twenty-five
(25) years
 commencing from April 1
 2005) (the &ldquo;National Distribution Agreement&rdquo;) to the Company.

(d)
GXB further agrees to assign all of its rights
 title and interests in and to that certain distribution agreement to be entered
into at a subsequent date between GXB and Castle with respect to the United Kingdom market (the &ldquo;UK Distribution Agreement&rdquo;).

All
rights and obligations of the parties specified in the National Distribution Agreement and the UK Distribution Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect to the extent that those two agreements are not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. If there are inconsistencies between those agreements and this Agreement
 the terms and conditions of this Agreement
shall prevail.

3.


a.
. The Company acknowledges GXB&rsquo;s exclusive right
 title and interest in and to any and all Intellectual
Property Rights embodied in or pertaining to the Products and that
 except as to the sales proceeds specified in Section 4 of
this Agreement
 or any other agreement between the parties
 the Company shall acquire no rights whatsoever in or to any of such
Intellectual Property Rights and that all usage of such Intellectual Property Rights by the Company shall inure to the benefit
of GXB.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

b.

 Marks
 Legends and Name
 remove
 cover
 or add to
 in any manner whatsoever
 any
patent notice
 copyright notice
 trademark
 service mark
 trade name
 serial number
 model number
 brand name or legend that GXB
may attach or affix to the Products. The Company shall not market the Products under any name
 sign or logo other than the trademarks
authorized to be used by GXB from time to time.

c.
. The Company shall promptly notify GXB (a) of any claims or objections that its use of the Intellectual
Property Rights in connection with the distribution of the Products has or may infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any
other Person
 and (b) of any and all infringements
 imitations
 illegal use
 or misuse
 by any Person
 of GXB Intellectual Property
Rights which come to its attention; provided
 however
 that the Company shall not take any legal action relating to the protection
of GXB Intellectual Property Rights without the prior written approval of GXB; and provided further that the Company shall render
to GXB at GXB&rsquo;s expense
 all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of GXB&rsquo;s
Intellectual Property Rights.

d.
. GXB shall defend at its own expense any action brought against the Company to the extent that such action is
based on a claim that the use or supply of any Product in the Territory infringes the Intellectual Property Rights of any other
Person and shall pay any costs and damages finally awarded against the Company in any such action which are attributable to any
such claim. GXB&rsquo;s obligation under the preceding sentence is subject to the conditions that (a) the Company shall promptly
have notified GXB in writing of any such claim
 and (b) GXB shall have had sole control of such defense and all negotiations for
any settlement or compromise. In the event any Product shall become
 or in GXB&rsquo;s opinion is likely to become
 the subject
of any infringement claim
 GXB shall have the right to instruct the Company to refrain from supplying the Product or to take such
other steps as GXB may consider appropriate in order to limit its liability exposure.

4.


a.
GXB shall retain title to the Trademarks and its other Intellectual Property Rights for all of its portfolio brands. In the event
GXB decides to sell any or all of its Trademarks (or other Intellectual Property Rights) relating to the Products (other than
Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer) during the Term of this Agreement
 the Company shall have a right of first refusal to purchase said
Trademark(s) (and Intellectual Property Rights
 if applicable) at the same price being offered by a bona fide third party offerer.
Within 30 days of receipt of a third party offer
 GXB shall give written notice to the Company stating the price
 terms and the
potential purchaser of the Trademarks and Intellectual Property Rights. The option to purchase the Trademarks and Intellectual
Property Rights shall be exercisable by notice given to GXB by the Company at any time within 20 days of the receipt of the notice.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

If
the Company does not exercise its option within said 20 day period
 or in the event the Company waives its right of first refusal
then
 in said event
 Castle shall acquire an identical right of first refusal and GXB shall promptly give written notice to Castle
stating the price
 terms and the potential purchaser of the Trademarks and Intellectual Property Rights. The option to purchase
the Trademarks and Intellectual Property Rights shall be exercisable by notice given to GXB at any time within 20 days of the
receipt of the notice to the Company. If either the Company or Castle exercises it right of first refusal
 the party exercising
such right shall have 180 days within which to consummate the purchase of such Trademarks and Intellectual Property Rights on
the terms set forth in the notice.

If
neither the Company nor Castle exercises its option within the applicable time period set forth above
 GXB may
 at any time within
180 days following the expiration of the 20 day option period
 sell the Trademarks and Intellectual Property Rights to the third
party offeror.

If
an offer is reduced following the Company&rsquo;s or Castle&rsquo;s waiver of its right of first refusal
 the Company and Castle
shall have a new right of first refusal at the reduced price.

b.
. In the event GXB should decide to sell any or all of its portfolio Products (other than Goslings
Stormy Ginger Beer) and/or Trademark(s) (other than Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer)
 whether sold directly or indirectly through
the sale of stock of GXB or its parent company
 to a third party
 the Company or Castle
 then
 in recognition of the facts that
(1) the Company has enhanced the value of the Trademarks through its marketing investments and sales performance under this Agreement
and (2) the Company may henceforth no longer have the opportunity to earn a full return on its investments in the brand(s) being
sold
 GXB agrees to share the Proceeds of any such sale with the Company pursuant to the following formula:

i.
If total Case sales by GXB to the Company are less than [ * ] Cases for the last twelve full months prior to the time of a sale
the Company shall receive [ * ]% of the sale Proceeds.

ii.
To the extent that Case sales are greater than [ * ] Cases but less than [ * ] cases
 the Company shall be entitled to an additional
[ * ]% of the Proceeds for each additional [ * ] Cases sold during the prior full twelve months (growing to a level of [ * ]%
at [ * ] cases).

iii.
To the extent that Case sales exceed [ * ] Cases
 the Company shall be entitled to an additional [ * ]% of the Proceeds for each
additional [ * ] Cases sold over [ * ] cases during the prior full twelve months
 subject to a maximum of [ * ]% of the sales
Proceeds for Case sales of [ * ] or more.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

iv.
If the Company no longer holds the distribution rights to Products at the time of a sale of Products and/or Trademarks
 then the
Company&rsquo;s share of earned Proceeds shall decline at the rate of [ * ]% per Contract Year from the Proceeds that would have
been payable if the Company still held said distribution rights; beginning with the first Contract Year following non-renewal
of the Company&rsquo;s distribution rights. (For example
 if the Company&rsquo;s shares were [ * ]% at the time it no longer holds
the distribution rights
 that percentage would decline at the rate of [ * ]% per year for [ * ] years.)

v.
In the event that one or more of the Products are sold
 the Case amounts above will be reduced to an amount mutually acceptable
to the parties.

vi.
For the avoidance of doubt
 the provisions of this Section 4(b) do not apply to the Products or Trademarks relating to Goslings
Stormy Ginger Beer or proceeds of a sale thereof.

c.


i.
In the event GXB should decide to sell the Products or Trademarks relating to Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 whether sold directly
or indirectly through the sale of stock of GXB or its parent company
 to a third party
 the Company or Castle
 then
 GXB agrees
to share with the Company an amount equal to the Ginger Beer Percentage of the Proceeds of any such sale.

ii.
If the Company no longer holds the distribution rights to Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer at the time of a sale of the Products or
Trademarks relating to Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 then the Company&rsquo;s share of earned Proceeds shall decline at the rate
of [ * ]% per Contract Year from the Proceeds that would have been payable if the Company still held said distribution rights;
beginning with the first Contract Year following non-renewal of the Company&rsquo;s distribution rights. (For example
 if the
Company&rsquo;s shares were 10% at the time it no longer holds the distribution rights
 that percentage would decline at the rate
of [ * ]% per year for 10 years.)

d.
It shall be GXB&rsquo;s obligation to register
 at its expense
 the Trademarks for all portfolio Products in all export markets
identified by mutual agreement of the parties.

5.


The
Company shall not sell any branded items other than Products without the approval of members of the Board of Directors of the
Company representing a Supermajority. The Company shall have a right of first refusal to add to Products any new brands introduced
by GXB.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

6.


a.
Initial prices to be charged by GXB for the sale of its portfolio Products to the Company are listed in Schedule II attached hereto.
Price increases by GXB are to be restricted to recovery of actual cost of production increases incurred by GXB. Schedule I may
be amended by mutual agreement of the parties at any time. The Company shall pay the full amount of the purchase price for Products
within 60 days after the date of invoice to the Company.

b.
The price charged by GXB for the Products is exclusive of all taxes
 including national and local sales
 use or value-added taxes
customs duties
 withholding taxes or similar charges imposed by any governmental entity after the Products has been delivered
to the destination designated by the Company. The Company shall pay for all such taxes
 assessments or charges
 without reduction
in the purchase price charged by GXB.

7.


GXB
warrants for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of delivery of the Products to the Company that the Products will be
of merchantable quality and fit for human consumption
 provided that following delivery the Products are handled and stored in
a manner that is commercially reasonable for the storage of beverage alcohol products. In the event the Company claims a breach
of the warranty within the warranty period
 GXB shall refund the purchase price therefore
 including freight
 insurance and other
charges to the Company. GXB shall indemnify and hold the Company harmless against any proven direct damages and proven direct
losses resulting from the non-conformance of the Products with this warranty
 or any punitive
 incidental
 special or consequential
damages
 awarded to a third party which result from the product quality under the warranty or through no fault or negligence by
of the Company (i.e. human consumption of any Product past the warranty period if sold by the Company prior to the expiration
of such warranty period). Otherwise
 to the extent permitted by applicable law
 the Company waives any claims for incidental
special or consequential damages or other losses including lost profits.

8.


The
Company will prepare an annual Contract Year financial plan (the &ldquo;Financial Plan&rdquo;)
 which will be submitted for review
and approval by the Company Board of Directors. The Financial Plan will be designed to maintain an aggressive growth in GXB Products
while also producing a reasonable profit for the Company and it stockholders. The Financial Plan will include the level of proposed
sales as well as proposed marketing expenditures. It is the objective to keep the losses
 if practical
 to a maximum of $750
000
in the first Contract Year and $500
000 and $250
000
 respectively
 for the second and third Contract Year.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

9.


The
Initial Term of this Agreement shall be twenty-five (25) years. Provided that this Agreement has not sooner terminated in accordance
with Section 10
 upon expiration of the Initial Term
 the Agreement will automatically renew for ten (10) year periods (&ldquo;Renewal
Terms&rdquo; and together with the Initial Term
 the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;) as long as the Company shall have sold a number of Cases
during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term (the &ldquo;Threshold Amount&rdquo;)
 which reflects a rate of growth in Case sales
during such period that is equal to or exceeds the [ * ] or does not exceed the [ * ] rate of rum sales in the U.S. during such
period
 as reported by [ * ]
 or other mutually acceptable industry data supplier. The Threshold Amount may be amended at any
time by mutual agreement of the parties to reflect a new Threshold Amount for the Initial Term or any Renewal Term.

10.


(a)
This Agreement may be terminated by written notice
 effective on the date such written notice is received
 after the occurrence
of any of the following events:



    
    
By
    GXB upon failure of the Company to achieve the performance requirements as specified in Section 9; 

    
    
    

    
    
By
    either party upon any material breach of this Agreement by the other party
 other than by Force Majeure
 provided that the
    non-breaching party shall give to the breaching party written notice of such breach or default and shall request that such
    breach or default be cured. If the breaching party shall fail to cure such breach or default within thirty (30) days of the
    date of the notice of breach or default
 the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement immediately by giving written
    notice of termination to the breaching party; 

    
    
    

    
    
By
    either party if the other party
 pursuant to or within the meaning of the Unites States Bankruptcy Code or any other federal
    or state law relating to insolvency or relief of debtors (a &ldquo;Bankruptcy Law&rdquo;)
 shall (i) commence a voluntary
    case or proceeding; (ii) consent to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case; (iii) consent to the
    appointment of a trustee
 receiver
 assignee
 liquidator or similar official; (iv) make an assignment for the benefit of its
    creditors; or (v) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due;

    
    
    

    
    
By
    either party if a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (i) is for the relief
    against the other party in an involuntary case; (ii) appoints a trustee
 receiver
 assignee
 liquidator or similar official
    for the other party or substantially all of the other party&rsquo;s properties; or (iii) orders the liquidation of the other
    party
 and in each case the order or decree is not dismissed within 180 days; or 

    
    
    

    
    
By
    GXB upon any sale contemplated in Section 4(a) to an Industry Buyer or any sale contemplated in Section 4(c)
 provided
 if
    less than substantially all of the Trademarks for the Products are sold
 such termination shall be solely as to the specific
    Products for which the Trademarks have been sold.



    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

(b)
Additionally
 this Agreement may be terminated by the mutual written consent of GXB and the Company pursuant to the approval of
the members of the Board of Directors of the Company representing a Supermajority.

(c)
All parties warrant and covenant that
 upon expiration or termination
 no party will take any action to impair or diminish the
goodwill or business of another party and no party will disclose any confidential information about another party.

(d)
Any termination of the Agreement will not eliminate the potential participation by the Company in a sale of the brands or Trademarks
as set forth in Section 4.

11.


The
Company shall at all times strictly comply with all applicable laws
 rules
 regulations and governmental orders
 now or hereafter
in effect
 relating to its performance of this Agreement or the activities of the Company. The Company further agrees to make
obtain
 and maintain in force at all times during the term of this Agreement
 all material filings
 registrations
 reports
 licenses
permits and authorizations (collectively &ldquo;Authorizations&rdquo;) required under applicable law
 regulation or order in order
for the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement
 although it is recognized that the Company is primarily organized
as a marketing company. GXB shall provide the Company with such assistance as the Company may reasonably request in making or
obtaining any such Authorizations.

12.


a.
. The waiver by either party of a breach or default in any of the provisions of this Agreement by the other party
shall not be construed as a waiver of any succeeding breach of the same or other provisions; nor shall any delay or omission on
the part of either party to exercise or avail itself of any right
 power or privilege that it has or may have hereunder operate
as a waiver of any breach or default by the other party.

b.
. This Agreement and the purchase orders accepted by GXB hereunder
 constitute the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements between the parties
whether written or oral
 relating to the same subject matter. No modification
 amendments or supplements to this Agreement shall
be effective for any purpose unless in writing and signed by each party. Approvals or consents hereunder of a party shall also
be in writing.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

c.
. If any term of this Agreement is in violation of
 or prohibited by
 any applicable law or regulation
 such
term shall be deemed as amended or deleted to conform to such law or regulation without invalidating or amending or deleting any
other term of this Agreement.

d.
. Because of the importance of the personal relationships of the parties and the mutual levels of trust established
between them
 it is agreed that none of the rights or obligations created by this Agreement shall be assignable by either party
without the written consent of the other party
 which consent cannot be unreasonably withheld. In the event of an assignment of
this Agreement
 the Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the parties. Furthermore
the terms and condition set forth herein and the rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall not be affected
by a change of control of the Company; provided that upon any such change of control
 any sale or transfer of shares of the Company
by the new controlling person shall be subject to the approval of GXB.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 GXB is free to sell its Products and/or Trademarks
 subject to Section 4 hereof and the stockholders of the Company
are free to sell their shares subject to any current or future restrictions governing such shares.

e.
. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall preclude the Company from selling any of its capital stock
to any future investor nor shall anything contained herein grant GXB a right to advise
 require or compel the Company to accept
or reject any future purchaser of its capital stock. Furthermore
 in the event the Company does sell any shares of its capital
stock
 this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

f.
. Neither party shall be liable to the other party for any delay or omission in the performance of any obligation
under this Agreement
 other than the obligation to pay monies
 where the delay or omission is due to any cause or condition beyond
the reasonable control of the party obliged to perform
 including but not limited to
 strikes or other labor difficulties
 acts
of God
 acts of government (in particular with respect to the refusal to issue necessary import or export licenses)
 war
 riots
embargoes
 terrorists attacks
 or inability to obtain supplies (&ldquo;Force Majeure&rdquo;). If Force Majeure prevents or delays
the performance by a party of any obligation under this Agreement
 then the party claiming Force Majeure shall promptly notify
the other party thereof in writing and the parties shall use their best efforts to continue performance under the Agreement.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

g.
. The rights and obligations of the parties under this agreement shall not be governed by the
provisions of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods but instead shall be construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
 in the United States of America without giving effect to principles
of conflict of laws. In the event any disagreement or dispute among the parties arises under or out of this Agreement
 including
termination issues
 such disagreement or dispute shall be submitted to Judicial Mediation Services
 Inc.
 a professional arbitration
service consisting of retired Federal and State judges (&ldquo;JAMS&rdquo;) for binding arbitration unless the parties mutually
agree upon an alternative dispute resolution service. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of JAMS
or such other dispute resolution service as might be agreed upon and shall be held in New York
 New York. Any award made by JAMS
or such other dispute resolution service as might be agreed upon shall be binding upon the parties. Binding arbitration shall
be the exclusive remedy for breach of this Agreement by any party. The parties shall share equally all costs of arbitration other
than representation by counsel which shall be at each party&rsquo;s own expense.

h.
. All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
) when delivered if delivered personally
) when sent if sent by telecopy
 with a confirmation
promptly sent by way of one of the methods permitted in this Section or by U.S. mail
 postage prepaid
) the day after
deposit with an overnight courier service marked for overnight delivery
 or if deposited with an overnight courier service marked
for non-overnight delivery
) five days after
mailing if sent by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) postage prepaid
 in each case to the parties at the
following addresses and/or telecopier numbers (or such other address or telecopier number for any party as shall be specified
by like notice
 

If
to the Company:

Gosling-Castle
Partners Inc.
122
 Street
 Suite 5000
New
York
 New York 10168
Telecopy
No.: (646) 356-0222
Attention:
E. Malcolm B. Gosling
 President and CEO

If
to GXB:

Gosling&rsquo;s
Export (Bermuda) Limited
PO
Box HM827

Hamilton
HM CX

Telecopy
No.: (441) 292-1775
Attention:
E. Malcolm B. Gosling
 President


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

13.
. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts
 each of which when so executed and delivered
shall be deemed an original
 and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[remainder
of page intentionally left blank]



    
    



NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have caused this Restated Export Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives
effective as of the Effective Date.



    
GOSLING-CASTLE
    PARTNERS INC.

    
    

    
By:
    
/s/
    Richard Lampen

    
    
Richard
    Lampen

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
GOSLING&rsquo;S
    Export (Bermuda) Limited

    
    
    

    
By:
    
/s/
    E. Malcolm B. Gosling

    
    
E.
    Malcolm B. Gosling

    
    
    





    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

SCHEDULE
I





    
Goslings
    Black Seal(R) Rum

    
    

    
Goslings
    Gold Rum(R)

    
    

    
Goslings
    Old Rum(R)

    
    

    
Goslings
    Dark &lsquo;n Stormy RTD

    
    

    
Goslings
    Rum Swizzle RTD

    
    

    
Goslings
    Stormy Ginger Beer



    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

SCHEDULE
II





    
    
The
    initial price to be charged by GXB for the sale of rum Products to the Company shall be calculated pursuant to the formula
    set forth below:


-
Manufacturer&rsquo;s Cost + Producer&rsquo;s Profit

Manufacturer&rsquo;s
Cost shall mean the actual cost of manufacturing
 as documented
 excluding allocations of corporate overhead.

Producer&rsquo;s
Profit for all rum Products shall be increased
 effective as of April 1
 2014
 from [ * ] per rum Case to [ * ] per rum Case for
any rum Case in excess of [ * ] rum Cases during any annual period beginning on April 1st. For the Ready To Drink (&ldquo;RTD&rdquo;)
Products
 including
 without limitation
 the Goslings Dark &lsquo;n Stormy RTD and the Goslings Rum Swizzle RTD
 Producer&rsquo;s
Profit shall be calculated based on a per equivalent Case (12 x 750 ml) of eighty proof Goslings rum actually utilized in the
RTD product.

2.
The price to be charged by GXB for the sale of Ginger Beer Products to the Company shall be determined as provided in Section
2 and Schedule B of the Polar Agreement. As of March 23
 2017
 the current case price (ex. warehouse) of Goslings Stormy Ginger
Beer
 12 oz. cans - 4-6 Pk.
 is $[ * ].


    
    














     



EXHIBIT
10.2

NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.


    
                                                         

AMENDED
AND RESTATED
NATIONAL
DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

This
Amended and Restated National Distribution Agreement (this &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made as of March 29
 2017 by and between
Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (f/k/a Gosling Partners Inc.)
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Supplier&rdquo;)
 and Castle Brands
(USA) Corp.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Importer&rdquo;).

WHEREAS
Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited (&ldquo;GXB&rdquo;) and Importer entered in to that certain National Distribution Agreement
dated as of September 3
 2004 (the &ldquo;National Distribution Agreement&rdquo;);

WHEREAS
pursuant to the Export Agreement (as defined below)
 GXB
 among other things
 assigned its rights
 title and interest in and to
the National Distribution Agreement to Supplier;

WHEREAS
Supplier (as successor-in-interest to GXB) and Importer entered in to Amendment No. 2 to the National Distribution Agreement
dated as of April 1
 2014
 as further amended by that letter agreement to the National Distribution Agreement
 dated as of June
9
 2015 (collectively
 the &ldquo;Prior Agreement&rdquo;)
 it being understood that no Amendment No. 1 to the National Distribution
Agreement has ever been executed; and

WHEREAS
the parties hereto have agreed to amend and restate in its entirety the Prior Agreement as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW
THEREFORE
 in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged
 the parties hereby agree as follows:

1.


(a)
&ldquo;Products&rdquo; shall mean all products listed in Schedule A.

(b)
&ldquo;Territory&rdquo; shall mean the domestic market of the 50 states of the United States of America
 and such other markets
as may be added by mutual consent.

(c)
&ldquo;Trademarks&rdquo; shall mean the trademarks Gosling&rsquo;s Black Seal Rum
 Gosling&rsquo;s Gold Bermuda Rum
 Gosling&rsquo;s
Family Reserve Old Rum
 Dark &lsquo;n Stormy and all other trademarks
 brand names and logo designs used on or in connection with
the Products.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

(d)
&ldquo;Initial Term&rdquo; shall mean the period commencing January 1
 2005 (or such earlier date that the Producer has completed
the termination of its pre-existing Import Agreement) and continuing through March 31
 2030.

(e)
&ldquo;Renewal Term&rdquo; shall mean the period commencing the first day following the end of the Initial Term or any prior Renewal
Term and continuing for ten (10) years thereafter.

(f)
&ldquo;Contract Year&rdquo; shall mean the twelve (12) month period commencing January 1 and ending December 31 of that calendar
year.

(g)
&ldquo;Case&rdquo; shall mean (i) for rums
 twelve (12) bottles of 750 ml. each or an equivalent nine (9) liter volume
 (ii) for
Goslings Dark n&rsquo; Stormy RTD
 four (4) cases of six four-packs of one liter each
 or an equivalent twenty four (24) liter
volume
 and (iii) for Goslings Rum Swizzle RTD
 two (2) cases of six bottles of 1.75 liter each
 or an equivalent twenty one (21)
liter volume.

(h)
&ldquo;Export Agreement&rdquo; means that certain Export Agreement originally dated as of February 14
 2005
 by and between Supplier
and GXB
 as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Export Agreement on February 18
 2005
 Amendment No. 2 to Export Agreement on July 25
2012
 Amendment No. 3 to the Export Agreement on June 9
 2015
 Amendment No. 4 to Export Agreement of even-date herewith
 and
as further amended from time-to-time.

2.


(a)
Subject to Supplier&rsquo;s rights and obligations under the Export Agreement
 Supplier hereby appoints Importer as the sole and
exclusive importer and distributor of the Products for the Territory
 except as provided under the Export Agreement and Polar
Agreement (defined therein).

(b)
Importer hereby accepts appointment as the sole and exclusive importer of the Products for the Territory and shall
 during the
term of this Agreement
 use all reasonable efforts to distribute the Products throughout the Territory. Importer hereby acknowledges
the limitations of its rights
 including limitations on its exclusivity
 as provided in the Export Agreement and Polar Agreement.

3.


The
Initial Term of this Agreement shall continue for a period through March 31
 2030
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with
Section 11. Upon expiration of the Initial Term
 this Agreement will automatically renew for additional Renewal Terms
 unless
sooner terminated in accordance with Section 11.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

4.


(a)
All sales of the rum Products by Supplier to Importer shall be on an FOB Sazerac Company
 Inc.
 or such other bottler as GXB may
select (the &ldquo;Rum Bottler&rdquo;) basis
 and all sales of the ginger beer Products by Supplier to Importer shall be on an
FOB Polar Corp. (the &ldquo;GSGB Bottler&rdquo;) basis
 in either event
 at the prices set in accordance with 
and as amended hereafter from time to time pursuant to Section 4(b) below. Payment shall be made to a bank designated by Supplier
and shall be due sixty (60) days from the date of the bill of lading. Because Supplier will be funding marketing programs in the
Territory with the aforementioned receivables
 time shall be of the essence for receipt of payments sixty (60) days from the date
of bills of lading.

(b)
All carriers engaged to ship the Products within the Territory for Importer (or any distributor designated by Importer in the
Territory) shall be the agents of Importer. The risk of loss thereon shall pass immediately to Importer upon delivery of the rum
Products from the Rum Bottler and upon delivery of the ginger beer Products from the GSGB Bottler
 in either event
 to such carrier
for shipment within the Territory. Importer shall have the right to determine the point of destination in the Territory and the
method of shipment of the Products.

(c)
It is the intention of this Agreement that Importer will receive a net margin amount as set forth in the following table (the
&ldquo;Net Margin&rdquo;). Importer will also be entitled to reimbursement for Control State (17 states plus Montgomery County)
brokers&rsquo; commissions as approved by Supplier
 any mutually agreed salaries
 warehousing
 insurance
 and other costs of distribution
such that Importer is able to net the agreed Net Margin
 but not amounts above or below the agreed Net Margin. The reimbursements
shall not include the normal salaries
 travel and entertainment and other overhead costs of the Importer
 except with respect
to certain mutually agreed personnel that will be hired and directed by Importer but will follow the strategic marketing plan
prepared by the Supplier (&ldquo;Supplier Sales Personnel&rdquo;). The costs of Supplier Sales Personnel
 including normal health
or other benefits
 will be reimbursed by Supplier.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.



    
    
Volume
    Range
    
Net
    Margin to Importer

2004
    (if applicable)
    
All
    Sales
    
[
    * ] per case

    
    
Up
                                         to [ * ] cases
Over
        [ * ] cases
    
[
                                         * ] per case
[
        * ] per case

2006
    and later
    
Up
                                         to [ * ] cases
Over
        [ * ] cases
    
[
                                         * ] per case
[
        * ] per case

For
                                         Dark &lsquo;n Stormy RTD
2012
        and later
    
[
    * ]
    
[
    * ] per &frac12; case

For
                                         Ginger Beer
After
        April 1
 2014
    
[
    * ]
    
[
                                         * ] per case
(See
        Schedule A)


(d)
Supplier will pay to Importer a fee of $[ * ] per spirit case to help defray the normal overhead costs of the Importer.

(e)
Importer may bill Supplier monthly for reimbursements
 and should be reimbursed by Supplier within 15 days by wire transfer to
Importer&rsquo;s designated account. Importer and Supplier will work together to coordinate mutual payments and reimbursements
to minimize the levels of net funding required by either party.

(f)
Any excess funds received by Importer
 net of agreed Net Margins
 reimbursements or payments to the Affiliate
 shall be promptly
forwarded to Supplier. It is the intention of this payments section to assure Importer that it receive its agreed Net Margin
but not amounts above or below the agreed Net Margin
 except as related to agreed reimbursements.

5.


(a)
Supplier shall be responsible for the creation
 development and implementation of all marketing
 advertising and promotional efforts
of the products. At least four times per Contract Year
 Supplier shall review with Importer the Supplier&rsquo;s plans for the
current and following Contract Year. Importer will be responsible for sales efforts in the field
 and will coordinate with the
Supplier with respect to field-based marketing programs
 including local promotions
 product tastings
 discounts
 etc.
 with the
cost of such programs borne entirely by the Supplier.

(b)
The costs of marketing and advertising will be borne by Supplier. To the extent that the Importer pays for any billings relative
to marketing or advertising
 Supplier agrees to promptly reimburse Importer
 unless there is a legitimate dispute relative to
any such invoice.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

6.
. Importer represents
 warrants and covenants to Supplier as follows:

(a)
Importer holds in full force and effect the federal
 state and local licenses or permits that are necessary to conduct its business
as an importer of the Products and to engage in the transactions intended by this Agreement.

(b)
Importer shall maintain a distributor network of adequate size to represent and promote the sales of the Products throughout the
Territory. Such sales force shall be kept properly informed as to all advertising
 marketing and promotional programs and policies
regarding the Products.

(c)
Importer shall conduct its activities under this Agreement in accordance with local
 state and federal laws and regulations regarding
the sale of the Products.

(d)
Importer shall monitor its customers&rsquo; inventories of the Products to ensure that quantities are adequate to service the
requirements of the markets in the Territory. Importer shall promptly deliver
 or arrange for direct import shipments of the Products
to its customers in the Territory in accordance with good business practice and local custom.

(e)
Importer shall timely file all price schedules and reports as may be required by applicable laws and regulations.

(f)
Importer shall not terminate any existing wholesaler
 or appoint any new wholesaler
 in the Territory without the prior written
consent of Supplier; which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(g)
Importer is aware of the terms of the Export Agreement and the obligations and restrictions of the Supplier (as &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
set forth therein.

7.
. Supplier represents
 warrants and covenants to Importer as follows:

(a)
Supplier has the authority to enter into and carry out its obligations under this Agreement.

(b)
The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not act as a breach
of any agreement or understanding to which Supplier is a party.

(c)
Supplier has the right to designate and appoint the Importer as the distributor of the Products in the Territory pursuant to this
Agreement.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

(d)
The Products sold to Importer under this Agreement shall be merchantable and fit for human consumption. The Products shall be
manufactured
 packaged and labeled in conformity with applicable U.S. federal
 state and local laws
 rules and regulations and
specifically
 the rules and regulations of the Federal Alcohol Tax and Trade Bureau and the Food and Drug Administration. Samples
of the Product have been provided to Importer. All shipments of the Products shall conform to any samples provided.

(e)
The Products sold to Importer shall be free and clear of any liens or encumbrances. Neither the execution of this Agreement
 nor
compliance with its terms
 will result in the creation or imposition of any lien
 charge
 encumbrance or restriction of any nature
by any third party upon the Products sold to Importer.

(f)
Supplier shall maintain an adequate inventory of the Products with which to supply Importer. Supplier shall accept all orders
reasonably submitted by Importer
 with shipment to follow not later than thirty (30) days from receipt of an order
 unless excused
by Section 15 below
 or as otherwise agreed upon by the parties.

(g)
Supplier shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the sale of unauthorized shipments of the Products in the Territory
by entities or persons other than Importer
 except as contemplated in the Export Agreement and Polar Agreement (as defined in
the Export Agreement). In this regard
 Supplier shall not sell or otherwise transfer any of the Products to any distributor whom
Supplier knows
 or has reason to believe
 will
 either directly or indirectly
 sell or otherwise transfer the Products in the
Territory
 except as contemplated in the Export Agreement and Polar Agreement.

(h)
Subject to the provisions of Sections 8 and 10 below and in all events
 with the full right to select counsel and supervise the
legal and any settlement processes
 Supplier shall defend
 indemnify and hold harmless Importer from and against any and all damages
and liability
 costs or expenses
 including attorneys&rsquo; fees
 it may incur as a result of product liability
 trademark infringement
product recall
 breach of contract or other action relating to breach of warranty or representation by Supplier.

(i)
Supplier warrants that the shelf life of all Products sold to Importer shall be not less than twelve (12) months provided all
such Products are properly handled
 stored and shelved by Importer and its customers.

8.


(a)
During the term of this Agreement
 each party shall maintain
 in full force and effect
 general liability insurance with product
hazard coverage regarding the sale of the Products in the Territory in an amount of not less than five million dollars ($5
000
000)
in the aggregate and one million dollars ($1
000
000) for single accident occurrence. Such insurance shall contain a broad form
vendor&rsquo;s endorsement inuring to the benefit of the other party. Each party shall
 on an annual basis
 furnish to the other
party a certificate confirming such coverage.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

(b)
Subject to the provisions of Section 7(i) above
 any Products not merchantable due to quality deficiencies
 packaging problems
or errors committed by Supplier or its suppliers
 may be returned to Supplier at Supplier&rsquo;s cost
 for full credit or replacement
provided that notice of such defect
 if patent
 is given to Supplier within six (6) months of receipt of shipment of the Products
and
 if latent
 within six (6) months after Importer&rsquo;s knowledge of the defect. Supplier shall not be obliged to issue a
credit for any Products that have been rendered unmerchantable by inordinate delays in shipping
 improper handling or other negligent
acts on the part of Importer or its customers. Notice of unmerchantable Products shall be given to all parties upon receipt of
such information.

9.
. During the term of this Agreement
 Importer shall have the right of first refusal regarding:

(a)
any other current or future rum or ginger beer products Supplier currently maintains in
 or adds to
 its product line for sale
in the Territory.

(b)
If Importer exercises its option pursuant to paragraph 9(a) above
 paragraph 1(a) shall be automatically amended and the term
&ldquo;Products&rdquo; as used in this Agreement shall be deemed to include such additional product. In the event that Importer
declines to exercise such option
 Supplier shall be free to negotiate with other Importers for such products
 but Supplier shall
not thereafter enter into an importation agreement with any other importer upon terms more favorable than those offered to Importer.

10.


(a)
Supplier represents and warrants that it has entered into the Export Agreement and pursuant to its rights thereunder
 it has the
authority to market and sell the Products into the Territory for resale; it has a license to use all common law or statutory rights
in all symbols
 designs
 words and other trade dress features used upon or associated with the Products
 whether registered as
trademarks
 service marks or copyrights
 or not (the &ldquo;Intellectual Property&rdquo;); and it is authorized to grant rights
or sublicenses to Importer for non-exclusive and limited use of the Intellectual Property in connection with the sale and distribution
of the Products within the Territory.

(b)
Supplier hereby grants to Importer a non-exclusive license to use the Intellectual Property in the Territory for the Term of this
Agreement for the limited purposes of the sale
 promotion and distribution of the Products
 subject to the following
 to which
the Importer hereby agrees:

(i)
Importer shall use the Intellectual Property only in connection with the sale
 promotion and distribution of the Products.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

(ii)
All uses of the Intellectual Property shall reproduce faithfully the design and appearance of the Intellectual Property as represented
in or on the labels and packaging or as is otherwise provided by Supplier
 including claims of copyright or trademark protection
and/or registration.

(iii)
Any uses of the Intellectual Property by Importer
 shall first be approved by Supplier. E-mail approval shall be sufficient for
this purpose.

(iv)
The Intellectual Property shall not be used in juxtaposition or conjunction with intellectual property associated with any product
or service other than the Products and shall always be used in good taste and in a manner which is not in any way denigrating
to the Supplier or the Intellectual Property.

(v)
Importer shall have no right to sublicense to any third party the right to reproduce the Intellectual Property for any purpose
except in connection with media advertising
 which shall first be reviewed and approved in writing or provided (e.g.
 advertising
mats) by the Supplier.

(c)
Notwithstanding any rights granted in any provision of this Agreement
 Importer expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Intellectual
Property is the property of the Supplier&rsquo;s licensor(s) and Importer neither shall make claim nor assert any right to
 or
interest in
 the Intellectual Property during or after the expiration or termination of this Agreement
 except the right to limited
non-exclusive use during the Term hereof in accordance with the foregoing provisions.

11.


(a)
Supplier may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration by giving notice to the Importer for any of the following reasons:

(i)
Importer
 through failure to renew
 or because of cancellation
 suspension or revocation continuing for a period in excess of
sixty (60) days
 has suffered the loss of any material license or permit required by law and necessary to carry out the provisions
of this Agreement;

(ii)
Importer has failed to make payment of any invoice in accordance with Supplier&rsquo;s credit terms and has not remedied the failure
after thirty (30) days&rsquo; written notice of such failure and no bona fide dispute regarding said invoice(s) exists between
the parties;


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

(iii)
Importer has breached or failed to fulfill any other material term or condition of this Agreement and has not remedied the breach
or failure after thirty (30) days&rsquo; written notice of said breach or failure to perform and there is no bona fide dispute
that a material breach has occurred.

(iv)
Importer has changed ownership through a sale
 merger
 acquisition or other major change in equity control without the prior written
approval of Importer
 with such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of this provision
 a major change shall
be defined as a change affecting more than twenty five percent (25%) of control at any one time or a cumulative series of changes
affecting fifty one percent (51%) of control.

(b)
Importer may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration by giving notice to Supplier for either of the following reasons:

(i)
Supplier has failed to honor any commitment regarding sales
 delivery
 credits
 allowances
 returns
 packaging quality or product
quality
 and that such failure has continued for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice to Supplier.

(ii)
Supplier has failed to fulfill any other material term or condition of this Agreement and has not remedied this failure after
thirty (30) days&rsquo; notice thereof and there is no bona fide dispute that a material breach has occurred.

(c)
This Agreement shall terminate automatically and without notice for any of the following reasons:

(i)
Either party has filed a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or entered into an arrangement under a national or federal bankruptcy
statute or other voluntary proceeding under any federal
 state
 or local law for the settlement or extension of payment of its
obligations to general creditors; or

(ii)
An involuntary lien or petition in bankruptcy has been filed against either party and such involuntary lien or petition has not
been dismissed within thirty (30) days; or

(iii)
Either party ceases to do business; or

(iv)
The Export Agreement has terminated.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

12.


(a)
Upon the expiration of the final Term or upon the effective date of any termination of this Agreement
 the following shall occur:

(i)
Subject to the provisions of Section 12(b) below
 all outstanding
 but unshipped orders for Product by the Importer shall be deemed
cancelled
 whether previously accepted by Supplier or not.

(ii)
All outstanding invoices of Supplier to Importer for Product sold and delivered to carriers
 whether due in accordance with their
terms or not
 shall become due and payable immediately.

(iii)
Importer promptly shall release and deliver to Supplier (FOB Importer&rsquo;s facility loading dock) all point-of-sale or other
materials in its possession that Supplier furnished to it without charge and any items in its possession (other than Product)
that bear Intellectual Property (as described in Section 10
 above).

(iv)
Importer and its employees immediately shall cease all use of the Intellectual Property referred to in Section 10 above
 except
as required to sell any remaining inventory held by Importer.

(v)
Supplier or its designee
 shall have the option
 for thirty (30) days after the effective date of expiration or termination
 to
repurchase
 at Importer&rsquo;s laid-in-cost
 its inventory of factory sealed cases of the Product and/or point-of sale material
for the Product purchased by Importer
 less any sums for payments Importer owes to Supplier. Importer hereby agrees to sell said
inventory to Supplier
 or Supplier&rsquo;s designee
 provided said Designee is a licensed vendor of alcoholic beverages
 on said
terms
 in the event Supplier provides timely written notice of the exercise of the aforementioned option.

(vi)
Both parties warrant and covenant that
 upon expiration or termination
 neither party will take any action to impair or diminish
the goodwill or business of the other party and neither party will disclose any confidential information about the other party.

(b)
Upon the occurrence of a termination event or following notice of termination to Importer
 but prior to the effective date thereof
Supplier shall honor Importer&rsquo;s outstanding and unshipped orders or orders submitted prior to the effective date of termination
only on a payment-before-shipment basis
 provided the following conditions are met:

(i)
All outstanding invoices due and owing to Supplier have been paid in full;

(ii)
Such orders are in accord with past purchasing practices;

(iii)
Such orders are scheduled for delivery prior to the effective date of Termination; and

(iv)
Such orders for the Product shall be sufficient to satisfy only Importer&rsquo;s demand for the Product in the Territory prior
to the date of termination and not thereafter.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

13.


The
rights and obligations of the parties under this agreement shall not be governed by the provisions of the United Nations Convention
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods but instead shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York in the United States of America without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws. In the event any disagreement
or dispute between the parties arises under or out of this Agreement
 such disagreement or dispute shall initially be submitted
to Judicial Mediation Services
 Inc.
 a professional mediating service consisting of retired Federal and State judges (&ldquo;JAMS&rdquo;)
or a mutually agreed upon dispute resolution service. The mediation shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of JAMS or
such other dispute resolution service as might be agreed upon and shall be held in New York
 New York. Any award made by JAMS
or such other dispute resolution service as might be agreed upon shall be binding upon the parties. Mediation shall be the preferred
remedy for breach of this Agreement by either party. The parties shall share equally all costs of mediation other than representation
by counsel which shall be at each party&rsquo;s own expense.

14.


(a)
All notices or consents provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or registered or certified
mail to the party to whom notice or consent is to be given at the address set forth above. Such notice may be given by facsimile
but a confirming copy must be delivered by hand or registered or certified mail. The date of delivery of the written confirmation
will be considered the effective date of delivery of notice. For required Marketing and Intellectual Property approval
 e-mail
notification shall be acceptable when confirmed by the receiving party.

(b)
This agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties
 supersedes all their prior oral or written agreements or understandings
including without limitation
 the Prior Agreement
 and shall not be changed except by a further written agreement or a written
amendment to this Agreement executed by both parties.

(c)
The failure by either party to exercise any of its rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights.
Any such failure shall not preclude the exercise of such rights at any later time.


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

15.
. If any party is prevented from performing any of its obligations hereunder by an occurrence beyond its reasonable
control such as
 but not limited to
 acts of God
 fire
 flood
 war
 insurrection
 government regulations
 raw material shortage
strikes
 or lack of common carrier facilities
 then the affected party shall be excused from performance for so long as such occurrence
exists.

16.
. If any term of this Agreement is in violation of
 or prohibited by
 any applicable law or regulation
 such
term shall be deemed as amended or deleted to conform to such law or regulation without invalidating or amending or deleting any
other term of this Agreement.

17.
 Neither party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party. Any purported
assignment without such consent shall be null and void.

18.


For
Importer:
Castle
Brands (USA) Corp. 
122
 Street
 Suite 5000

New
York
 New York 10168
Attn:
John S. Glover
 President and CEO

with
a copy (which shall not itself constitute notice) to:
Holland
&amp; Knight LLP
701
Brickell Avenue
 Suite 3300
Miami
Florida 33131
Attention:
Bradley D. Houser

For
Supplier:
Gosling-Castle
Partners Inc.
122
 Street
 Suite 5000

New
York
 New York 10168
Attn:
E. Malcolm B. Gosling
 President and CEO

with
a copy (which shall not itself constitute notice) to:
Gosling&rsquo;s
Export (Bermuda) Ltd.
P.O.
Box HM 827
Hamilton
HM CX


19.
. The parties acknowledge that no joint venture has been created by this Agreement and that
neither party can take any action that is legally binding on the other party without the prior consent of the party to be charged.

[Signature
Page Follows]


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have caused this agreement to be executed on the day and year first above written.



CASTLE
    BRANDS (USA) CORP.
    

    
    
    

By:
    
/s/
    Alfred J. Small 
    

    
Alfred
    J. Small
    

    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    




GOSLING-CASTLE
    PARTNERS INC.
    

    
    
    

    
/s/
    Richard Lampen 
    

    
Richard
    Lampen
    

    
    
    


[Signature
Page to Amended and Restated National Distribution Agreement]


    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

EXHIBIT
1

SCHEDULE
A

GOSLINGS
GINGER BEER



Item
    #
    
US
                   Cost
    
Freight
    Cost
Total
    Cost

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]



    
    


NOTE:
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED WITH A &ldquo;[ * ]&rdquo; ARE THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST BY THE COMPANY
TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT. COMPLETE
 UNREDACTED COPIES OF THIS EXHIBIT
HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS PART OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.

GOSLINGS
RUM



Item
    #
    
US
                                         Cost
    
Freight
    Cost
Total
    Cost

    
750/6 Old Family Rum 80
    proof
    
    
[
                                         * ] 
[
                                         * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
750/6 Goslings Old Family Rum 80 proof
    Export
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
750/6 Black Seal Rum 80 proof Winter
    VAP w/ 2 GB cans
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
750/6 Black Seal Rum 80 proof Summer
    VAP w/ 2 GB cans
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
750/12 Black Seal Rum 80 proof Traveler
    (old label)
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
    
    
[
                                         * ]

    
    
    
    
[
                                       * ] 
[
                                       * ]
[
                                         * ]




    
    













     




EXHIBIT
10.18

RESTRICTED
STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

PURSUANT
TO THE

CASTLE
BRANDS INC.

2013
INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN

THIS
&rdquo;)
 made as of [&#9679;]
 by and between Castle Brands Inc.
 with its principal office
at 122 East 42nd Street
 Suite 5000
 New York
&rdquo;)
 and [&#9679;] (the &ldquo;

WHEREAS
&rdquo;) adopted the Castle Brands Inc. 2013 Incentive Compensation
Plan on August 24
 2012 (approved by the shareholders of the Company on October 15
 2012) (as such plan may be amended from time
to time
 the &ldquo;

WHEREAS
the Plan provides that the Company
&rdquo;)
 has
the ability to grant awards of restricted stock to officers
 directors
 employees
 consultants and other persons who provide services
to the Company or any Related Entities; and



 subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan
 the Committee has determined that Participant
 a [&#9679;]
 shall be awarded
shares of Restricted Stock in the amount set forth below and subject to the terms
 conditions and restrictions set forth herein.


NOW
THEREFORE
 the Company and the Participant each agree as follows:

1.
. Subject to the terms
 conditions and restrictions of the Plan and this Agreement
 the
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;). For the avoidance of doubt
 the Participant is receiving
the Restricted Shares at the five-day volume weighted average price as of [&#9679;] of $[&#9679;] and on the same terms as were
approved by the Committee on such date
 and
 accordingly
 the Participant shall be entitled to all rights of a holder of shares
of common stock
 par value $.01 per share
 hereof
as of the Grant Date. To the extent required by applicable law
 the Participant shall pay to the Company the par value ($.01)
for each Restricted Share awarded to the Participant simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement in cash or cash equivalents
 of this Agreement
 the Restricted Shares are subject
to certain restrictions
 hereof.
Unless otherwise provided herein
 terms used herein that are defined in the Plan and not defined herein shall have the meanings
attributable thereto in the Plan.


    
    


2.
 hereof
 the Restricted Shares shall
become vested in the following percentages and at the following times
 provided that the Continuous Service of the Participant
continues through and on the applicable Vesting Date:



    
    

    

    


There
shall be no proportionate or partial vesting of the Restricted Shares in or during the months
 days or periods prior to each Vesting
Date
 and all vesting of the Restricted Shares shall occur only on the applicable Vesting Date. Upon the termination or cessation
of the Participant&rsquo;s Continuous Service
 other than a Without Cause Termination or a Good Reason Termination
 any portion
of the Restricted Shares which is not yet then vested shall automatically and without notice terminate
 be forfeited and be and
become null and void except as otherwise provided herein.

(b)
Notwithstanding any other term or provision of this Agreement
 in the event that an Acceleration Event (as defined below) occurs
the Restricted Shares subject to this Agreement shall become immediately fully vested as of the date of the Acceleration Event.
For purposes of this Agreement
 an &ldquo;Acceleration Event&rdquo; shall mean the first to occur of any of the following: (i)
a Change in Control (as defined below) provided that the Participant&rsquo;s Continuous Service with the Company and its Related
Entities continues through and on the date of such Change in Control; (ii) the Participant&rsquo;s Continuous Service with the
Company and its Related Entities terminates through either a Without Cause Termination or a Good Reason Termination (as such quoted
terms are defined below); or (iii) the Participant&rsquo;s Continuous Service with the Company and its Related Entities terminates
as a result of the Participant&rsquo;s death or disability.

(c)
For purposes of this Agreement
&rdquo; means the occurrence of one of the following events: (i)
consummation of a reorganization
 merger or consolidation
 sale
 disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or stock
of the Company or any other similar corporate event (a &ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo;)
 in each case
 unless
 following such
Business Combination
 all or substantially all of the individuals or entities who were the beneficial owners
 respectively
 of
the voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business
Combination beneficially own
 directly or indirectly
 more than 50% of
 respectively
 the then outstanding voting securities entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors
 as the case may be
 of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination
(including
 without limitation
 a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all
of the Company&rsquo;s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries); or (ii) Board approval of a complete dissolution
or liquidation of the Company; or (iii) any &ldquo;person&rdquo; (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act)
 other
than Dr. Phillip Frost
 any member of his immediate family
 and any &ldquo;person&rdquo; or &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as used in Section
13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) that is controlled by Dr. Frost or any member of his immediate family
 any beneficiary of the estate
of Dr. Frost
 or any trust
 partnership
 corporation or other entity controlled by any of the foregoing
 is or becomes
 after
the date hereof
 a &ldquo;beneficial owner&rdquo; (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act)
 directly or indirectly
 of
securities of the Company representing 35% or more of the combined voting power of the Company&rsquo;s then outstanding securities
eligible to vote for the election of the board of directors of the Company.


    
    


(d)
For purposes of this Agreement
&rdquo; shall mean a termination of the Participant&rsquo;s
employment by the Company or a subsidiary thereof other than for Cause (as defined below) or as a result of the Participant&rsquo;s
death or disability
&rdquo; shall mean a termination of the Participant&rsquo;s employment
by the Participant for &ldquo;good reason&rdquo; pursuant to and in accordance with the Participant&rsquo;s written employment
agreement with the Company or a subsidiary thereof (if any) on the date hereof
&rdquo; shall mean
the Participant&rsquo;s (i) having committed in the performance of his or her duties
 one or more acts or omissions constituting
fraud
 dishonesty
 or willful injury to the Company which results in a material adverse effect on the business
 financial condition
or results of operations of the Company
 (ii) having committed one or more acts constituting gross neglect or willful misconduct
which results in a material adverse effect on the business
 financial condition or results of operations of the Company
 (iii)
breach of fiduciary duty
 (iv) failure to substantially perform assigned duties relating to such Participant&rsquo;s performance
under the terms of his or her employment agreement
 if any (other than any such failure owing to Participant becoming disabled)
as reasonably determined by a majority of the entire Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
 after consultation
with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 (v) conviction of
 or the entry by the Participant of any plea of guilty or nolo
contendere to
 any felony
 or (vi) material breach of any provision of the Participant&rsquo;s employment agreement
 if any
 as
reasonably determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
 after consultation with the Chief
Executive Officer; provided
 however
 that in any of the foregoing circumstances
 Participant has failed to cure such Cause
 to
the extent curable
 within a thirty (30) day notice period.

3.
. If the Participant&rsquo;s Continuous Service with the Company and the Related Entities is terminated
for any reason other than a Without Cause Termination or a Good Reason Termination
 the Participant shall automatically forfeit
any unvested Restricted Shares and the Company shall acquire such unvested Restricted Shares for the amount paid by the Participant
for such Restricted Shares (or
 if no amount was paid by the Participant for such Restricted Shares
 then the Company shall acquire
such Restricted Shares for no consideration). The Committee shall have the power and authority to enforce on behalf of the Company
any rights of the Company under this Agreement in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s forfeiture of the Restricted Shares pursuant
to this 

4.
. From and after the Grant Date
 the Participant shall have
 with respect
to the Restricted Shares (whether vested or unvested)
 all of the rights of a holder of shares of Common Stock of the Company
including
 without limitation
 the right to vote the shares
 to receive and retain all regular cash dividends payable to holders
of shares of record on and after the Grant Date (although such dividends will be treated
 to the extent required by applicable
law
 as additional compensation for tax purposes)
 and to exercise all other rights
 powers and privileges of a holder of shares
with respect to the Restricted Shares; 
 that
 to the extent the Company issues a dividend in the form of shares
or other property
 such shares or other property shall be subject to the same restrictions that are then applicable to the Restricted
Shares under the Plan and this Agreement and such restrictions shall expire at the same time as the restrictions on the Restricted
Shares expire. Participant shall not be required to repay any dividends received with respect to Restricted Shares that are subsequently
forfeited prior to vesting.


    
    


5.
. The Participant acknowledges that (i) no later than the earlier of (x) the date on
which any Restricted Shares shall have become vested or (y) the date on which the Participant makes a Section 83(b) election (if
he or she so chooses to make such an election)
 the Participant shall pay to the Company
 or make arrangements satisfactory to
the Company regarding payment of
 any Federal
 state or local or other taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect
to any Restricted Shares which shall have become so vested; (ii) the Company shall
 to the extent permitted by law
 have the right
to deduct from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any Federal
 state or local or other taxes of any kind
required by law to be withheld with respect to any Restricted Shares which shall have become so vested
 including that the Company
may
 but shall not be required to
 sell a number of Restricted Shares sufficient to cover applicable withholding taxes; and (iii)
in the event that the Participant does not satisfy (i) above on a timely basis
 the Company may
 but shall not be required to
pay such required withholding and
 to the extent permitted by applicable law
 treat such amount as a demand loan to the Participant
at the maximum rate permitted by law
 with such loan
 at the Company&rsquo;s sole discretion and provided the Company so notifies
the Participant within thirty (30) days of the making of the loan
 secured by the Restricted Shares and any failure by the Participant
to pay the loan upon demand shall entitle the Company to all of the rights at law of a creditor secured by the Restricted Shares.
The Company may hold as security any certificates representing any Restricted Shares and
 upon demand of the Company
 the Participant
shall deliver to the Company any certificates in his or her possession representing the Restricted Shares together with a stock
power duly endorsed in blank. The Participant also acknowledges that it is his or her sole responsibility
 and not the Company&rsquo;s
to file timely and properly any election under Section 83(b) of the Code
 and any corresponding provisions of state tax laws
if the Participant wishes to utilize such election.

6.
. This Agreement is not an agreement of employment. Neither the execution of
this Agreement nor the issuance of the Restricted Shares hereunder constitute an agreement by the Company or any Related Entity
thereof to employ or to continue to employ the Participant during the entire
 or any portion of
 the term of this Agreement
 including
but not limited to any period during which any Restricted Shares are outstanding.


    
    



7.
. In the event that a certificate evidencing the Restricted Shares is issued
 the certificate representing
the Restricted Shares shall have endorsed thereon the following legends:

(a)
&ldquo;THE ANTICIPATION
 ALIENATION
 ATTACHMENT
 SALE
 TRANSFER
 ASSIGNMENT
 PLEDGE
 ENCUMBRANCE OR CHARGE OF THE SHARES OF STOCK
REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (INCLUDING FORFEITURE) OF THE CASTLE BRANDS INC. (THE &ldquo;COMPANY&rdquo;)
2013 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN ADOPTED BY THE COMPANY&rsquo;S BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON AUGUST 24
 2012 (APPROVED BY THE SHAREHOLDERS
OF THE COMPANY ON OCTOBER 15
 2012) (AS SUCH PLAN MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME
 THE &ldquo;PLAN&rdquo;) AND AN AGREEMENT ENTERED
INTO BETWEEN THE REGISTERED OWNER AND THE COMPANY DATED AS OF [&#9679;]. COPIES OF SUCH PLAN AND AGREEMENT ARE ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL
OFFICE OF THE COMPANY.&rdquo;

(b)
Any legend required to be placed thereon by applicable blue sky laws of any state. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in no event

2

8.
. The Company
 its successors and assigns
 is hereby appointed the attorney-in-fact
 with full
power of substitution
 of the Participant for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Agreement and taking any action
and executing any instruments which such attorney-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof
 which
appointment as attorney-in-fact is irrevocable and coupled with an interest. The Company
 as attorney-in-fact for the Participant
may in the name and stead of the Participant
 make and execute all conveyances
 assignments and transfers of the Restricted Shares
provided for herein
 and the Participant hereby ratifies and confirms that which the Company
 as said attorney-in-fact
 shall
do by virtue hereof. Nevertheless
 the Participant shall
 if so requested by the Company
 execute and deliver to the Company all
such instruments as may
 in the judgment of the Company
 be advisable for this purpose.

9.
. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee
 the Restricted Shares shall not be subject to a Transfer
(as defined below)
 otherwise than by will or under the applicable laws of descent and distribution
 unless and until the shares
 hereof. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors
 administrators
heirs

9
. For purposes of this Agreement
&rdquo; shall mean any sale
 transfer
 encumbrance
 gift
 donation
 assignment
 pledge
 hypothecation
 or
other disposition
 whether similar or dissimilar to those previously enumerated
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 and including
but not limited to
 any disposition by operation of law
 by court order
 by judicial process
 or by foreclosure
 levy or attachment.

10.


(a)
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs
 personal legal
representatives
 successors
 trustees
 administrators
 distributes
 devisees and legatees. The Company may assign to
 and require
any successor (whether direct or indirect
 by purchase
 merger
 consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree in writing to perform this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing
 the Participant may not assign this Agreement or any of the Participant&rsquo;s rights
 interest or obligations hereunder.


    
    


(b)
This award of Restricted Shares shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Board or stockholders of the Company to
make or authorize an adjustment
 recapitalization or other change in the capital structure or the business of the Company
 any
merger or consolidation of the Company or subsidiaries
 any issue of bonds
 debentures
 preferred or prior preference stock ahead
of or affecting the Restricted Shares
 the dissolution or liquidation of the Company
 any sale or transfer of all or part of its
assets or business or any other corporate act or proceeding.

(c)
The Participant agrees that the award of the Restricted Shares hereunder is special incentive compensation and that it and any
dividends paid thereon (even if treated as compensation for tax purposes) will not be taken into account as &ldquo;salary&rdquo;
or &ldquo;compensation&rdquo; or &ldquo;bonus&rdquo; in determining the amount of any payment under any pension
 retirement or
profit-sharing plan of the Company or any subsidiary thereof or any life insurance
 disability or other benefit plan of the Company
or any subsidiary thereof.

(d)
No modification or waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the party
against whom it is sought to be enforced.

(e)
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
 all of which taken together shall constitute one contract.

(f)
The failure of any party hereto at any time to require performance by another party of any provision of this Agreement shall not
affect the right of such party to require performance of that provision
 and any waiver by any party of any breach of any provision
of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision
 a waiver of the
provision itself
 or a waiver of any right under this Agreement.

(g)
The headings of the sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall in no way restrict
or modify any of the terms or provisions hereof.

(h)
All notices
 consents
 requests
 approvals
 instructions and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and
validly given or made when delivered
 or on the second succeeding business day after being mailed by registered or certified mail
whichever is earlier
 to the persons entitled or required to receive the same
 at the addresses set forth at the heading of this
Agreement or to such other address as either party may designate by like notice. Notices to the Company shall be addressed to
Castle Brands Inc. at 122 East 42nd Street
 Suite 5000
 New York
 New York
 10168
 Attn: Chief Financial Officer.


    
    


(i)
This Agreement shall be construed
 interpreted and governed and the legal relationships of the parties determined in accordance
with the internal laws of the State of New York without reference to rules relating to conflicts of law.

(j)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
 in the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the Participant&rsquo;s
employment agreement
 if any
 the terms of the Participant&rsquo;s employment agreement shall govern.

11.
. This Agreement is subject to all the terms
 conditions and provisions of the Plan
 including
without limitation
 the amendment provisions thereof
 and to such rules
 regulations and interpretations relating to the Plan
as may be adopted thereunder and as may be in effect from time to time. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of
the Plan has been delivered to the Participant. If and to the extent that this Agreement conflicts or is inconsistent with the
terms
 conditions and provisions of the Plan
 the Plan shall control
 and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than any other
documents expressly contemplated herein or in the Plan) and supersedes any prior agreements between the Company and the Participant.

[signature
page(s) follow]


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.



    
CASTLE
    BRANDS INC.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    

    
    

Address
    of Participant:
    



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
10.29

AMENDMENT
NO. 1 TO STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

This
Amendment No. 1 (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;) made as of the 29th day of March
 2017
 by and among Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
(f/k/a Gosling Partners Inc.)
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and the persons listed on Schedule I set forth
 attached hereto (the &ldquo;Stockholders&rdquo; and
 individually
 a &ldquo;Stockholder&rdquo;)
 amends the
Stockholders Agreement
 day of February
 2005
 by and among Gosling Partners Inc. and the Stockholders
(the &ldquo;Stockholders Agreement&rdquo;).

WHEREAS
the Company and the Stockholders desire to amend the Stockholders Agreement to reflect the present ownership of the issued and
outstanding stock of the Company in the amount shown opposite their names on Schedule I.

NOW
THEREFORE
 for good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged
 and in consideration
of the mutual promises set forth below
 the parties hereto
 intending to be legally bound
 agree as follows:

1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Schedule
I to the Stockholders Agreement is amended to reflect the present ownership of the issued and outstanding stock of the Company
by the Stockholders in the amount shown opposite their names as set forth on 

2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Section
5 of the Stockholders Agreement is hereby amended to delete the sentence therein which reads
 &ldquo;If the Company proposes to
issue any shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock
 other
than securities issued as a result of any stock split
 stock dividend
 reclassification
 recapitalization or the like the Company
will deliver to each Stockholder a written notice (the &ldquo;New Issuance Notice&rdquo;) not less than thirty (30) days prior
to the date of completion of such issuance (the &ldquo;New Issuance&rdquo;).&rdquo; and to replace it with the following sentence:
&ldquo;If the Company proposes to issue Common Stock or any other class of equity securities or securities convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for Common Stock or any other class of equity securities (the class of equity securities
 including
Common Stock
 referred to in the preceding sentence is hereinafter referred to as the &ldquo;New Securities&rdquo;)
 other than
equity securities issued as a result of any stock split
 stock dividend
 reclassification
 recapitalization or the like
 the Company
will deliver to each Stockholder a written notice (the &ldquo;New Issuance Notice&rdquo;) not less than thirty (30) days prior
to the date of completion of such issuance (the &ldquo;New Issuance&rdquo;).&rdquo; 

3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Section
6 of the Stockholders Agreement is amended to be replaced in its entirety with the following:

Liquidation
Dissolution or Winding Up

4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Section
7 of the Stockholders Agreement is hereby amended to be replaced in its entirety with the following:



    
    


Certain
Covenants
the following covenants and provisions
 unless with respect to a specific transaction
 event or action that is subject to the
provisions of this Section 7
 the Company shall have been permitted to effect
 participate in or proceed with such transaction
event or action pursuant to the approval of the members of the Board of Directors representing in the aggregate at least (A) 81%
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (B) either (1) the member of the Board of Directors appointed by E. Malcolm B.
Gosling or (2) the member of the Board of Directors appointed by Gosling&rsquo;s Limited:

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will not enter into or be a party to any material transaction
 agreement or arrangement (an &ldquo;Arrangement&rdquo;)
with any director
 officer
 employee or Stockholder of the Company or any member of their respective immediate families or any
corporation or other entity directly or indirectly controlled by one or more of such directors
 officers
 employees or Stockholders
or members of their immediate families (collectively
 a &ldquo;Related Party&rdquo;)
 except (i) if all material terms of such
Arrangement are disclosed in advance to all Stockholders and such Arrangement is undertaken in the ordinary course of business
and on terms not less favorable to the Company than it would obtain in a comparable arm&rsquo;s length transaction with an unrelated
third party; or (ii) if the Related Party Arrangement is in effect as of the date Amendment No. 1 to Stockholders Agreement.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce its rights under all Related Party Arrangements
 and will not amend
terminate
 waive
 negotiate
 settle
 or otherwise modify any Related Party Arrangement (each
 a &ldquo;Company Action&rdquo;)
except if all material terms or details of such Company Action with respect to the Related Party Arrangement are disclosed in
advance to all Stockholders and such Company Action with respect to the Related Party Arrangement is undertaken in the ordinary
course of business and on terms not less favorable to the Company than it would obtain in a comparable arm&rsquo;s length transaction
with an unrelated third party. 

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
number of directors on the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors will remain at five (5). 

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company&rsquo;s certificate of incorporation and bylaws will not be amended or otherwise modified.

(e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will not make any loan or advance
 or incur any indebtedness
 pledge or grant liens on any assets or guarantee
 indemnify
assume
 endorse or otherwise become responsible for the obligations of any other individual
 corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
limited liability company
 governmental authority
 unincorporated organization
 trust
 association or other entity
 outside the
ordinary course of the Company&rsquo;s business. 

(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will not purchase
 lease or otherwise acquire any real property or interest in real property.

(g)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will not create or issue
 or agree to create or issue
 Common Stock or any other New Securities
 or give
 or agree to
give
 any option in respect of any Common Stock or any other New Securities.



    
    


(h)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will not commence any business or line of business which is inconsistent with the business of the Company as of the date
Amendment No. 1 to Stockholders Agreement or make any fundamental changes to the nature of the business of the Company.

(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will not acquire securities
 except in the ordinary course of business
 such as short term investments for working capital
purposes; form any subsidiary; enter into any partnership or joint venture
 except in the ordinary course of business
 such as
a distribution or reseller arrangement; or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of
 or acquiring a controlling interest
in
 any other business or entity. 

(j)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will not sell or otherwise dispose of all or any material part of the Company&rsquo;s assets or business.

(k)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will not voluntarily liquidate or dissolve or file a voluntary petition by the Company pursuant to Chapter 7
 Chapter
11 or Chapter 13 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code.

(l)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will not merge
 consolidate or reorganize
 it being understood that this provision does not affect the right of Castle
Brands Inc.
 itself
 to engage in any such transaction.

(m)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Stockholders and the Company will ensure that the Board of Directors does not delegate any of its rights
 responsibilities or
discretion to any committee thereof
 or appoint or remove any committee members.

(n)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Stockholders and the Company will not agree to take any action that
 if consummated
 would violate this Section 7. 

5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Section
11 of the Stockholders Agreement is hereby amended to delete the sentence therein which reads
 &ldquo;The Company plans to separately
enter into a five year employment agreement with E. Malcolm B. Gosling
 which agreement shall contain standard protective and
non-compete provisions
 and will endeavor to obtain at least $5
000
000 of Key Man Insurance on the life of E. Malcolm B. Gosling.&rdquo;
and to replace it with the following sentence: &ldquo;The Company plans to separately enter into a consulting agreement with Gosling&rsquo;s
International
 a Bermuda company
 for an initial term of five years
 which agreement will automatically renew for additional one-year
terms unless either party gives 30 days&rsquo; advance written notice prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The consulting
agreement shall contain standard protective and non-compete provisions. The $5
000
000 of Key Man Insurance in place on the life
of E. Malcolm B. Gosling shall remain in effect. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that if the parties were previously
operating pursuant to an employment relationship between the Company and E. Malcolm B. Gosling
 such employment relationship shall
terminate
 and the terms thereof
 whether written and/or oral
 shall have no further force and effect upon the Company and Gosling&rsquo;s
International entering into the consulting agreement pursuant to this Section 11.&rdquo; 


    
    



6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sections
12-25 of the Stockholders Agreement are hereby renumbered as Sections 13-26 and the following new Section 12 shall be inserted:

Manufacturing
and Distribution Agreement
cause Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited (&ldquo;GXB&rdquo;) to enforce the Polar Agreement (as hereinafter defined). The
parties shall cooperate in good faith in allocating costs and expenses relating to enforcement of the Polar Agreement between
GXB
 the Company and Castle. During the term of the Export Agreement
 GXB will not make any amendments or modifications to Sections
2(a)
 2(c)
 4
 5 or 6 or Schedule A of the Polar Agreement (as defined below) that would adversely and directly affect the Company
without the prior written consent of the Company. &ldquo;Polar Agreement&rdquo; means the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement
dated April 1
 2009
 by and between GXB and Polar Corp.
 as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto
 dated March 29
 2017.&rdquo;

7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Section
19 of the Stockholders Agreement (renumbered from Section 18) is hereby amended to be replaced in its entirety with the following:

Entire
Agreement and Amendments
matter hereof and neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived
 modified
 amended or terminated except by a written
agreement signed by the Stockholders representing in the aggregate at least (a) 81% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
of the Company
 including (b) either E. Malcolm B. Gosling or Gosling&rsquo;s Limited; 
 
 no amendment
shall be permitted that (i) imposes any obligation on a Stockholder to contribute capital to the Company or guaranty
 indemnify
assume or otherwise become liable for any liability or obligation of the Company
 or (ii) adversely and disproportionately effects
any Stockholder
 without the written consent of such Stockholder; and 
 
 that Stockholders proposing
any such amendment shall send notice of any proposed amendment to all Stockholders at least ten (10) days in advance of such amendment
becoming effective in order to permit the other Stockholders to communicate any concerns to the proposing Stockholders. No waiver
of any breach or default hereunder shall be considered valid unless in writing
 and no such waiver shall be deemed a waiver to
any subsequent beach or default of the same or similar nature.&rdquo;

8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Agreement shall be governed by
 and construed in accordance with
 the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to its principles
of conflicts of law. 

9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Capitalized
terms used herein
 unless otherwise defined herein
 shall have the meanings set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. 

10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Except
as specifically amended herein
 the Stockholders Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Amendment may be executed in counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed to be an original
 but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. 

12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To
the extent that any provision of this Amendment conflicts or is inconsistent with the terms of the Stockholders Agreement
 this
Amendment shall govern
 it being agreed that in such event any provisions of the Stockholders Agreement required to be amended
to give effect to this Amendment shall be deemed amended.



    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized representatives effective as of
the date first written above.



    
GOSLING-CASTLE
    PARTNERS INC.


    
    
    


    
    
/s/
    Richard Lampen


    
    
Richard
    Lampen


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
/s/
    E. Malcolm B. Gosling


    
    
E.
    Malcolm B. Gosling&nbsp;


    
    
    


    
GOSLING&rsquo;S
    LIMITED


    
    
    


    
By:
    
/s/
    Nancy Gosling


    
Name:
    
Dr.
    Nancy Gosling


    
Title:
    
President
    and Chief Executive Officer


    
    
    


    
CASTLE
    BRANDS INC.


    
    
    


    
    
/s/
    Richard Lampen


    
    
Richard
    Lampen


    
Title:
    
President
    and Chief Executive Officer



[Signature
Page to Amendment No. 1 to Stockholders Agreement]


    
    


EXHIBIT
A

SCHEDULE
I





    
    
Number
    of Shares Owned

    
    
    

E.
Malcolm B. Gosling
    
99
500
        

    
    
    

Gosling&rsquo;s
Limited
    
99
500
        

    
    
    

Castle
        Brands Inc.
        
    
801
000




    
    













     




EXHIBIT
21.1

Castle
Brands Inc. Subsidiaries



    
    
State/Country
    of Incorporation

    
    
    

Castle
    Brands (USA) Corp.
    
Delaware
    USA

    
    
    

Gosling-Castle
    Partners Inc.
    
Delaware
    USA

    
    
    

Castle
    Brands Spirits Group Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Castle
    Brands Spirits Company Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Castle
    Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Castle
    Brands Spirits Company (GB) Limited
    
United
    Kingdom



    
    













     




EXHIBIT
23.1

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



in the Registration Statements of Castle Brands Inc. on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-198414
 333-176005 and 333-143422) and Form S-8 (Nos.
333-133567
 333-160380
 333-189750
 333-216910 and 333-216911) of our reports dated June 14
 2017
 on our audits of the
consolidated financial statements as of March 31
 2017 and 2016 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended March
31
 2017
 and the effectiveness of Castle Brands Inc.&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2017
which reports are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.



/s/
    EisnerAmper LLP

New
    York
 New York

June
    14
 2017



    
    













     




EXHIBIT
31.1

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION

I
Richard J. Lampen
 certify that:



    
I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Castle Brands Inc.;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    June 14
 2017
/s/
    Richard J. Lampen

    
Richard
    J. Lampen 

    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)



    
    













     




EXHIBIT
31.2

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION

I
Alfred J. Small
 certify that:



    
    
&nbsp;I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Castle Brands Inc.;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    June 14
 2017 
/s/
    Alfred J. Small

    
Alfred
    J. Small 

    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
(Principal
    Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)



    
    













     




EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Richard J. Lampen
 the President
and Chief Executive Officer of Castle Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;) and Alfred J. Small
 Chief Financial Officer
of the Registrant
 each hereby certifies that:

1.
The Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31
 2017 (the &ldquo;Periodic Report&rdquo;) fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and

2.
The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operations of the Registrant.

Date:
June 14
 2017



/s/
    Richard J. Lampen
    
/s/
    Alfred J. Small

Richard
    J. Lampen
    
Alfred
    J. Small

Chief
    Executive Officer
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
(Principal
    Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)



    
    





















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









    
    
    



    
    
    









    
    
    
    



    

    



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&amp;#8220;CB-USA&amp;#8221;) and McLain &amp;#38; Kyne
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;McLain &amp;#38; Kyne&amp;#8221;)
 the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&amp;#8220;CB-IRL&amp;#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s 80.1% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (&amp;#8220;GCP&amp;#8221;)

 marketing and sale of premium and super premium rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada

 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer

 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Reserve
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Chef&amp;#8217;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s&#13;Ocean Aged at Sea
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Wood Experiments and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential&#13;Select
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink&#13;cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions;&#13;Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that&#13;has been aged for 36 years
 Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle Whiskey; and the Arran Scotch Whiskeys:&#13;the single malts
 including the 10 Years Old
 the 18 Years Old and special finishes

 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&amp;#8217;s&#13;Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur

 an ultra-pure

 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer&#13;and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco


 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for doubtful accounts of $123
200
 $61
000 and $236
000

 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)

 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging
 finished goods
 excise taxes and freight and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage

 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $240
000
 $200
000&#13;and $281
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances and write-offs on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily&#13;in connection with spoilage and slow moving inventory
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands

 2016 Balance Sheet&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#8212; The Company has revised its March 31
 2016 consolidated balance sheet for an error in the historical carrying value of inventory. The Company determined that inventory at March 31
 2016 was overstated by $1
493
130
 the cumulative result of changes in estimated freight costs and excise taxes and certain cost variances in prior years. The Company assessed the materiality of this error on previously issued consolidated financial statements and concluded that the error was immaterial to any one year. As a result
 inventory was decreased by $1
493
130 with accumulated deficit increased by $1
493
130 at March 31

 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts

 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and&#13;Other&amp;#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting&#13;units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine&#13;whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
 the two-step impairment&#13;test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes&#13;in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most&#13;significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and&#13;discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s net assets&#13;exceeds the unit&amp;#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of&#13;goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill&#13;recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks

 2017 and 2016
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each reporting&#13;unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&amp;#8217; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
 Company-specific&#13;facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this assessment

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There were no impairments recorded during the years ended March 31
 2017

 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&amp;#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
347
121
 $2
635
430 and $2
574
471 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015


 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases

 &amp;#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&amp;#8221;

 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&amp;#8217;s debt



 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 2017
 the Company had reserves for uncertain tax positions (including related interest&#13;and penalties) for various state and local tax issues of $20


 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
486
796
 $4
960
301 and $3
184
392 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015

 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8212; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification&#13;        Accounting.&amp;#8221; ASU 2017-09 provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award&#13;        require an entity to apply modification accounting. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early&#13;        adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance&#13;        will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2017-05
 &amp;#8220;Other Income &amp;#8212; Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying&#13;        the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets.&amp;#8221; ASU 2017-05 clarifies&#13;        the scope and accounting of a financial asset that meets the definition of an &amp;#8220;in-substance nonfinancial asset&amp;#8221; and&#13;        defines the term &amp;#8220;in-substance nonfinancial asset.&amp;#8221; ASU 2017-05 also adds guidance for partial sales of nonfinancial&#13;        assets. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently&#13;        evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2017-04
 &amp;#8220;Intangibles &amp;#8212; Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (Topic 350).&amp;#8221; ASU 2017-04&#13;        removes Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2020
 with early adoption&#13;        permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have&#13;        on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2017-01
 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business.&amp;#8221; This ASU
 which must be&#13;        applied prospectively
 provides a narrower framework to be used to determine if a set of assets and activities constitutes a business&#13;        than under current guidance and is generally expected to result in greater consistency in the application of ASC Topic 805
 Business&#13;        Combinations. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently&#13;        evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2016-18
 &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash
 a consensus of the FASB&amp;#8217;s Emerging Issues Task&#13;        Force (the &amp;#8220;Task Force&amp;#8221;).&amp;#8221; The new standard requires that the statement of cash flows explain the change during&#13;        the period in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents.&#13;        Entities will also be required to reconcile such total to amounts on the balance sheet and disclose the nature of the restrictions.&#13;        This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating&#13;        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2016-16
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory.&amp;#8221; This ASU removes the prohibition against&#13;        the immediate recognition of the current and deferred income tax effects of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory.&#13;        This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. Entities must apply a modified retrospective&#13;        basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is&#13;        currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results&#13;        of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2016-15
 &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#8221;
 which provides guidance&#13;        on eight cash flow classification issues with the objective of reducing differences in practice. The new standard is effective&#13;        for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. Adoption is required to be on a retrospective basis
 unless&#13;        impracticable for any of the amendments
 in which case a prospective application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating&#13;        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
&#13;        &amp;#8220;Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#8221;
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee&#13;        share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well&#13;        as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017. The Company&#13;        is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;        results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2016-02
 &amp;#8220;Leases.&amp;#8221; The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset&#13;        and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either&#13;        finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard&#13;        is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital&#13;        and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial&#13;        statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the&#13;        impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2016-01
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8212;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial&#13;        Liabilities&amp;#8221;
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes&#13;        to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
&#13;        and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies guidance related to&#13;        the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale&#13;        debt securities. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 and upon adoption
 an entity should apply the&#13;        amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which&#13;        the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial&#13;        liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company&#13;        is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;        results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
&#13;        &amp;#8220;Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#8221;
 which changes the measurement principle for inventory&#13;        from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling&#13;        prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new&#13;        guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted.&#13;        The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;        2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221;
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance&#13;        includes the required steps to achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised&#13;        goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange&#13;        for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018. The Company is currently evaluating&#13;        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 but not yet effective
 accounting standards
 if currently adopted

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-03
 &amp;#8220;Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (Topic 250) and Investments&#13;        - Equity Method and Joint Ventures&amp;#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2017-03 provide additional detail surrounding disclosures required&#13;        related to adoption of new pronouncements. The ASU is effective for the periods of each related pronouncement. The Company adopted&#13;        this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that&#13;        the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2015-17
 &amp;#8220;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.&amp;#8221; ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred&#13;        taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective&#13;        for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years.&#13;        The guidance may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively and early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to adopt ASU&#13;        2015-17 early
 and applied it retrospectively as allowed by the standard. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material effect&#13;        on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2015-16
 &amp;#8220;Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments&amp;#8221;
 which requires&#13;        adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period&#13;        to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of&#13;        changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated&#13;        as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires the disclosure of the nature and amount&#13;        of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately the amounts in current-period income statement&#13;        line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized&#13;        as of the acquisition date. The guidance became effective for the Company beginning April 1

 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;        2015-15
 &amp;#8220;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs&#13;        Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement&amp;#8221; at June 18
 2015&#13;        EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements.&#13;        Commitment fees paid to the lender represent the benefit of being able to access capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
&#13;        are not in the scope of the new guidance and it is appropriate to present such fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless&#13;        of whether or not there are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual&#13;        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016. The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not&#13;        have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
&#13;        &amp;#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-03&amp;#8221;)
 which requires that debt issuance&#13;        costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of&#13;        that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected.&#13;        Upon adoption
 the Company applied the new guidance on a retrospective basis and adjusted the balance sheet of each individual&#13;        period presented to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance
 reclassifying $100
049 and $170
895 in debt&#13;        issuance costs from Other Assets to Credit Facility
 net at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2014-15
 &amp;#8220;Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#8221;
 which requires&#13;        management to assess a company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain&#13;        circumstances. Before this new standard
 there was minimal guidance in U.S. GAAP specific to going concern. Under the new standard
&#13;        disclosures are required when conditions give rise to substantial doubt about a company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going&#13;        concern within one year from the financial statement issuance date. This guidance was effective for the Company beginning with&#13;        its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual&#13;        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not&#13;        have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations


 2017
 2016&#13;and 2015


798
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;13
508
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;11
988


861
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
861
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
861

659
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;15
369
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;13
969



714

976

086
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;13
763

801

740

 2017
 and 2016
 9% and&#13;11%
 respectively
 of raw materials and 7% and 5%
 respectively

 2017
 2016&#13;and 2015
 the Company acquired $6
900
819
 $5
441
432 and $5
333
763 of aged bourbon whiskey
 respectively

 but not limited to
 historical usage



&#13;the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (&amp;#8220;Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Gosling&amp;#8217;s Limited (&amp;#8220;GL&amp;#8221;)&#13;and E. Malcolm B. Gosling (&amp;#8220;Gosling
&amp;#8221; and together with GL
 the &amp;#8220;Sellers&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the&#13;Purchase Agreement
 the Company acquired an additional 201
000 shares (the &amp;#8220;GCP Share Acquisition&amp;#8221;) of the common stock&#13;of GCP
 representing a 20.1% equity interest in GCP. GCP is a strategic global export venture between the Company and the Gosling&#13;family. As a result of the completion of the GCP Share Acquisition
 the Company&amp;#8217;s total equity interest in GCP increased&#13;to 80.1%. The consideration for the GCP Share Acquisition was (i) $20
000
000 in cash and (ii) 1
800

&amp;#8221; and in particular section 810-10-45. Under&#13;the relevant guidance
 a parent accounts for such changes in its ownership interest in a subsidiary as equity transactions. The&#13;parent cannot recognize a gain or loss in consolidated net income or comprehensive income for such transactions and is not permitted&#13;to step up a portion of the subsidiary's net assets to fair value for the additional interests acquired. Any difference between&#13;the fair value of the consideration paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted shall be recognized in&#13;equity attributable to the parent. As a result
 the Company reduced the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest by $2
232
824
&#13;with the $20
215

 2017
&#13;2016 and 2015
 GCP had pretax net income on a stand-alone basis of $3
762
130
 $3
475
006 and $814
573
 respectively. The Company&#13;allocated a portion of this net income
 or $1
359
145
 $809
662 and $325
829
 to non-controlling interest for the years ended March&#13;31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Combined with the effects of income tax expense
 net
 allocated to noncontrolling interests&#13;as described in Note 1.Q Income Taxes
 the cumulative balance allocated to noncontrolling interests in GCP was $2
479
512 and $3
353
191&#13;at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively

 the additional income attributable to the change in ownership is immaterial and is not presented&#13;in these consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31

 GCP declared and&#13;paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company recorded 60% of this dividend
 or $900
000
 as a return of capital&#13;and a reduction of its investment in GCP
 and allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
 to noncontrolling interests and a reduction&#13;in the additional paid-in capital of GCP. GCP neither declared nor paid a dividend in the year ended March 31


 CB-USA purchased 20%&#13;of Copperhead Distillery Company (&amp;#8220;Copperhead&amp;#8221;) for $500
000. Copperhead owns and operates the Kentucky Artisan Distillery.&#13;The investment was part of an agreement to build a new warehouse to store Jefferson&amp;#8217;s bourbons
 provide distilling capabilities&#13;using special mash-bills made from locally grown grains and create a visitor center and store to enhance the consumer experience&#13;for the Jefferson&amp;#8217;s brand. The investment has been used for the construction of a new warehouse in Crestwood
 Kentucky dedicated&#13;to the storage of Jefferson&amp;#8217;s whiskies. The Company has accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting.&#13;For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company recognized $51
430 of income from this investment; for the initial period ended&#13;March 31
 2016
 the Company recognized $18
667 of income from this investment. The investment balance was $570
097 and $518
667&#13;at March 31
 2017 and 2016




536

796

397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;112

730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
691
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
951

781
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
075



 2017
 2016 and 2015 totaled $366
381
 $280
702 and $249
683


226 at each of March&#13;31




693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;631

271
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8
271

668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;185

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;994

460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;55
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
309
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
307

035
018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
372

274
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
935

112
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
112

387

048




294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;331

617
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
065

478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;29

184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;776

035

372

 2017
 2016 and 2015 totaled $663
712
 $658
811 and $655
769







037


 2017 and 2016
 the Company&#13;had &amp;#8364;310
305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) and &amp;#8364;303
890 or $345
076 (translated at&#13;the March 31
 2016 exchange rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral&#13;for overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance



580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;211

133
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
088

675
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
675

000

019

975

305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 a revolving credit facility and Company credit cards. These credit facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&amp;#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &amp;#8364;0 at each of March 31

 GCP issued a promissory note (the &amp;#8220;GCP Note&amp;#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling&amp;#8217;s Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $211

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&amp;#8220;Keltic&amp;#8221;)
 which
 as amended

 the Company&#13;and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Amended Agreement&amp;#8221;) with&#13;ACF FinCo I LP (&amp;#8220;ACF&amp;#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility&#13;and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing&#13;Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the&#13;inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
&#13;2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate&#13;plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2017
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.5%. The&#13;monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing&#13;for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120

&#13;the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers&#13;of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
&#13;Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including&#13;Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
&#13;Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director&#13;of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director&#13;of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
&#13;of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 and Phillip Frost M.D.
 a principal&#13;shareholder and director
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
&#13;the Company
 CB-USA and ACF

 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
&#13;2013 (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Subordination Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic

 the Company&#13;and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &amp;#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&amp;#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
&#13;the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit&#13;in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &amp;#8220;Purchased Inventory&#13;Sublimit&amp;#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July&#13;31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole&#13;or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit&#13;replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest&#13;rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c)&#13;7.50%. As of March 31
 2017
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 8.25%. The monthly facility fee&#13;remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
&#13;the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with&#13;respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with&#13;(a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior&#13;lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate&#13;of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements&#13;by and among each officer
 the Company

 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the&#13;sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The&#13;participation agreement provides that ACF&amp;#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be&#13;limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the&#13;Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the&#13;junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to&#13;pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to&#13;pay a commitment fee of $18

 the Company and CB-USA may&#13;borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement&#13;and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest at 6% through December 14
 2016
&#13;then 6.25% through March 15
 2017
 then 6.5% through March 31
 2017 on the Amended Agreement. For the year ended March 31
 2016
&#13;the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016 on&#13;the Amended Agreement. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest at 7.75% through December 14
 2016
 and then&#13;at 8.0% through March 15
 2017
 then 8.25% through March 31
 2017 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March&#13;31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased&#13;Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal&#13;amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &amp;#8220;Default&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Event of&#13;Default&amp;#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum&#13;above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also&#13;receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance&#13;of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement&#13;contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative&#13;and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&amp;#8217;s&#13;ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations&#13;of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets&#13;of the Borrower. At March 31
 2017
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects

 the Company&#13;used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
&#13;Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests&#13;in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. In January 2017
 the Company acquired&#13;$1
030
000 in aged bulk bourbon under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with additional borrowings from certain related parties&#13;of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($51
500)
 Richard J. Lampen ($34
333)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($17
167)
&#13;Brian L. Heller ($14
592)
 and Alfred J. Small ($5
150)
 as junior participants in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with respect&#13;to such purchase. Under the terms of the participation agreement

 2017 and 2016
&#13;$13
133
124 and $12
088
594
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2017&#13;and 2016
 there was $5
866
876 and $6
911
406
 respectively
 in potential availability under the Credit Facility. In connection&#13;with the adoption of ASU 2015-03
 the Company included $100
049 and $170
895 of debt issuance costs at March 31
 2017 and 2016
&#13;respectively

 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &amp;#8220;Convertible Notes&amp;#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on

 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
&#13;an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group&#13;Ltd. ($200


 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement

 2017&#13;and 2016
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities

 the Company issued a promissory note to Frost Nevada Investments Trust (the &amp;#8220;Holder&amp;#8221;)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 in the aggregate principal amount of $20
000
000 (the &amp;#8220;Subordinated Note&amp;#8221;). The purpose of Company&amp;#8217;s issuance of the Subordinated Note was to finance the GCP Share Acquisition. The Subordinated Note bears interest quarterly at the rate of 11% per annum. The principal and interest incurred thereon shall be due and payable in full on March 15
 2019. All claims of the Holder to principal
 interest and any other amounts owed under the Subordinated Note are subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company existing as of the date of the Subordinated Note. The Subordinated Note contains customary events of default and may be prepaid by the Company
 in whole or in part
 without penalty


675

133


019


 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the &amp;#8220;2014 Distribution Agreement&amp;#8221;)&#13;with Barrington Research Associates
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Barrington&amp;#8221;)
 as sales agent
 under which the Company may issue and sell&#13;over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 shares (the &amp;#8220;Shares&amp;#8221;) of its common stock having a gross&#13;sales price of up to $10
000

 if any
 may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an &amp;#8220;at-the-market&amp;#8221;&#13;offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE MKT&#13;LLC or any other existing trading market for the common stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
 and otherwise&#13;to or through Barrington in accordance with the placement notices delivered by the Company to Barrington. Also
 with the prior&#13;consent of the Company
 some of the Shares may be sold in privately negotiated transactions. Under the 2014 Distribution Agreement
&#13;Barrington will be entitled to compensation of 2.0 % of the gross proceeds from the sale of all of the Shares sold through Barrington
&#13;as sales agent
 pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement. Also
 the Company will reimburse Barrington for certain expenses incurred&#13;in connection with the matters contemplated by the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional&#13;$7
500 per calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however

 2017
&#13;no shares were issued under the 2014 Distribution Agreement. As of March 31
 2017

 2016
&#13;the Company sold 2
119
282 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $3
251
989
 before&#13;deducting sales agent and issuance costs of $124

&#13;2015
 the Company sold 1
290
581 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $2
088
674
 before&#13;deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $122

 the Company entered&#13;into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the &amp;#8220;2013 Distribution Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Barrington
 as sales agent
 under which&#13;the Company could issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington

 2014
&#13;the Company sold 1
247
343 Shares pursuant to the 2013 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $1
231
241
 before&#13;deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $64
198. No Shares were sold in the nine-month period from July 1
 2014 through&#13;March 31

 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and $1
417 of accrued interest&#13;thereon into 501

 GCP declared and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
&#13;to non-controlling interests. No dividends were declared or paid in the year ended March 31

 the Company issued 1
800


 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&#13;had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods&#13;presented


 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 2017
 2016 and 2015 consists primarily of federal and state and local taxes attributable to GCP
 which&#13;does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company. Effective with the acquisition of the additional 20.1% of GCP&#13;as described in Note 4

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Domestic Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;945
985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(385
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
285
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(251
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;129
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;694
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(255
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
194

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
617
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
183
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;608
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(784
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;397
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;382
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total current provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;833
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
580
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;990
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(540
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(148
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;214
958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;73
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(115
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(645
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(129
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;288
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
077
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
034
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;823
547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(774
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;416
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;455
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(115
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;187
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
450
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
278

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Permanent items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(29.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;176.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Share based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(48.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;73.68 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of foreign operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(67.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase in unrecognized tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intercompany profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local taxes

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign currency transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;144
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;112
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
204
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;857
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Share based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;665
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;679
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;U.S. federal and state net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
374
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
585
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
511
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
003
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;245
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total gross assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
111
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37
373
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(32
621
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(37
355
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;490
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income tax liability:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(994
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
222
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(48
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
048
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
222
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(558
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
204

 management considers whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be&#13;realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in those periods&#13;in which temporary differences become deductible and/or net operating loss carryforwards can be utilized. The Company considers&#13;the level of historical taxable income
 scheduled reversal of temporary differences
 tax planning strategies and projected future&#13;taxable income in determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted. Based on historic operating losses and projected future&#13;income
 the Company concluded that its net deferred tax assets are not realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. As such
 the&#13;Company maintained a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. The Company&amp;#8217;s valuation allowance decreased&#13;by $4
734

 the Company&#13;does not amortize indefinite lived-intangible assets for financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax liability of $559

 2017
 the Company had U.S.&#13;federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $83
446
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire in Fiscal 2023 through&#13;2037
 if not utilized. The annual utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be limited in future years due to the&#13;&amp;#8220;change in ownership provisions&amp;#8221; set forth in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company also has Irish&#13;net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $12
092
000

 2017
 the Company has not provided&#13;for U.S. federal and foreign withholding taxes on any excess of financial reporting over the tax basis of investments in foreign&#13;subsidiaries
 as such earnings are indefinitely reinvested overseas. Generally
 such amounts become subject to U.S. taxation upon&#13;the remittance of dividends and under certain other circumstances. Due to the complexities of the tax laws and assumptions that&#13;would have to be made

 excluding interest and penalties

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 84%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions based on tax positions taken in the current and prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Decreases based on tax positions taken in prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at March 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18

&#13;2017
 the entire amount would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized. The Company records accrued interest and penalties related&#13;to income tax matters in general and administrative expenses. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 interest and penalties on unrecognized&#13;tax benefits were $2


 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2003 Plan&amp;#8221;)
 which provides for awards of&#13;incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants&#13;and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are granted with an exercise price at&#13;or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant

 there were 2
000
000&#13;shares of common stock available for distribution under the 2003 Plan. In January 2009
 the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders approved&#13;an amendment to the 2003 Plan to increase the number of shares available under the 2003 Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to&#13;establish the maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of August 2013

 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&amp;#8220;2013 Plan&amp;#8221;) which provides for an aggregate of 10
000
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation&#13;rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. In February 2017
 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;shareholders approved an amendment to the 2013 Plan to increase the number of shares available under the 2013 Plan from 10
000
000&#13;to 20
000
000. As of March 31
 2017
 8
289
000 shares had been issued under the 2013 Plan
 with 11
711

 2017
 2016 and 2015 amounted to $1
577
994
 $1
370
556 and $787
710
 respectively
 of which $495
775
&#13;$493
666 and $178
137
 respectively
 is included in selling expense and $1
082
219
 $876
890 and $609
573
 respectively
 is included&#13;in general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. At March 31
 2017
 total&#13;unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $3
348
495
 representing 6
546
375 unvested options. This cost is expected&#13;to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.35 years. There were 671
028
 1
079
602 and 677
127 options exercised during&#13;the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The Company did not recognize any related tax benefit for the years&#13;ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
508
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
988
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
174
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
280
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
622
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
525
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(671
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
079
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(677
127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(318
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(23
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
033
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
798
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
508
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
988
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable at period end&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
285
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
931
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
064


100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;303
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;403
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.26 &amp;#8212; $0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
132
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
783
396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
223
876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.41 &amp;#8212; $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
299
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
137
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;644
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$1.01 &amp;#8212; $1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;391
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;121
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$1.51 &amp;#8212; $2.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
471
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;664
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$6.01 &amp;#8212; $7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
798
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
285
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
393

 2017 were 9
285

 2017

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
662
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
525
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Canceled or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(954
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
309
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unvested at March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
924
055&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
622
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Canceled or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
958
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unvested at March 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
576
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
280
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Canceled or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(138
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
171
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unvested at March 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
546

 risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s historical volatility and the volatility of a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option.&#13;The expected term and vesting of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined&#13;using the simplified method available under current guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve&#13;in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the&#13;past and does not plan to pay any dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires&#13;the Company to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary


 the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders approved the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (&amp;#8220;2017 ESPP&amp;#8221;) which provides&#13;for an aggregate of 3
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock reserved for issuance over the term of the 2017 ESPP. The purpose&#13;of the 2017 ESPP is to provide incentives for present and future employees of the Company and any designated subsidiary to acquire&#13;a proprietary interest in the Company through the purchase of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock. As of March 31
 2017


 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 is a shareholder in the Company and one of the officers of Pallini served as a director of the Company until March 26
 2015. In January 2011
 CB-USA entered into an agreement (&amp;#8220;New Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Pallini regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The terms of the New Agreement were effective as of April 1

 2015. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company purchased goods from Pallini for $3
840

 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
 under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&amp;#8217;s executive vice president
 effective October 11
 2008 to serve as the Company&amp;#8217;s president and chief executive officer and to provide certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr. Lampen in connection with providing such services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 30 days&amp;#8217; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 Vector Group was paid $110
846
 $85
396 and $135
475
 respectively

 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&amp;#8220;LTS&amp;#8221;) for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 LTS was paid $128
625
 $131
054 and $210
875
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr. Lampen
 the Company&amp;#8217;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and four other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost

 in March 2013
 the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with certain related parties. As described in Notes 8D and 8E
 in October 2013 and March 2017

 the Company issued 1
800
000 shares of Common Stock to the Sellers and paid $20
000


 which provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;900
386 or $961
756 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &amp;#8364;837
164
 or $894
225
 has been purchased as of March 31
 2017. For the contract year ending June 30
 2018
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;1
017
189 or $1
086
520 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement

 which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;394
961 or $421
882 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &amp;#8364;313
081
 or $334
421
 has been purchased as of March 31
 2017. For the year ending June 30
 2018
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;442
274 or $472
420 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement

 which provides for the production of newly distilled bourbon whiskey through December 31
 2019. Under this agreement
 the distiller provides the Company with an agreed upon amount of original proof gallons of newly distilled bourbon whiskey
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company contracted and purchased approximately $2
053
750 in newly distilled bourbon. For the contract year ending December 31
 2017
 the Company originally contracted to purchase approximately $2
464
500 in newly distilled bourbon
 none of which had been purchased as of March 31
 2017. The Company is not obligated to pay the distiller for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
 the distiller has the right to limit additional purchases to ten percent above the commitment amount. In March 2017
 the distiller notified the Company of its intent to terminate the contract under its terms after the 2017 contract year

 one of the Company&amp;#8217;s products

 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010 and expires on February 29
 2020 and provides for monthly payments of $26
255. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and extends through October 31
 2019 and provides for monthly payments of &amp;#8364;1
500 or $1
602 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on April 27
 2015 and extends through June 26
 2018 and provides for monthly payments of $3





067

 the Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises.&#13;Rent expense under operating leases amounted to approximately $477
460
 $335
047 and $359
714 for the years ended March 31
 2017
&#13;2016 and 2015
 respectively

 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Credit Facility
 as amended in July 2012
 March 2013
 August 2013
 November 2013
 August 2014

 the Company believes that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
 in the opinion of management after consultation with counsel

 even if not meritorious


 at times

 the Southern Glazer&amp;#8217;s Wine and Spirits of America
 Inc. family of companies
 accounted for approximately
 36.6%
&#13;        39.9% and 29.7% of the Company&amp;#8217;s net sales for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 and approximately&#13;        29.3% and 38.6% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2017 and 2016


 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
&#13;tequila and ginger beer

 net
 consolidated income from operations
 consolidated net income (loss) attributable to&#13;common shareholders
 consolidated income tax expense and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated&#13;sales



528

302

938

740

918

519


269

220

457




115

039

095

904

005

077





527

698


516

799



450

278


339

009

147

759

858

998

386

567

756

569

364

413




004

222

933


269

220

457


234

786

107

824

342

610



750

627

309

580

716
115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
727
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
670
240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9
586












350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net (loss) income per common share
 basic

 diluted

 basic
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
521
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
698
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
963
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;161
065
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
521
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
698
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;165
245
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;165
878


513

536

207

963

627
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
056
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
702
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8
167









123

011


268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net (loss) income per common share
 basic

 diluted

 basic
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;157
535
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;159
774
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
031
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
167
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;157
535
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;159
774
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
031
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;167
331


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
508
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
988
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
174
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
280
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
622
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
525
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(671
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
079
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(677
127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(318
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(23
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
033
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
798
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
508
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
988
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable at period end&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
285
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
931
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
064



100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;303
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;403
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.26 &amp;#8212; $0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
132
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
783
396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
223
876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.41 &amp;#8212; $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
299
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
137
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;644
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$1.01 &amp;#8212; $1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;586
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;391
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;121
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$1.51 &amp;#8212; $2.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
471
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;664
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$6.01 &amp;#8212; $7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
798
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
285
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
393


 2017

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
662

525


309

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
924

622


958

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
576

280


171

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
546

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    


    
    



    

    


    
    


    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000 per month (increased to $2

    
    

 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional $7
500 per calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&amp;#8220;CB-USA&amp;#8221;) and McLain &amp;#38; Kyne
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;McLain &amp;#38; Kyne&amp;#8221;)
 the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&amp;#8220;CB-IRL&amp;#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s 80.1% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (&amp;#8220;GCP&amp;#8221;)


 marketing and sale of premium and super premium rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada


 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer

 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Reserve
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Chef&amp;#8217;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s&#13;Ocean Aged at Sea
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Wood Experiments and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential&#13;Select
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink&#13;cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions;&#13;Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that&#13;has been aged for 36 years
 Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle Whiskey; and the Arran Scotch Whiskeys:&#13;the single malts
 including the 10 Years Old
 the 18 Years Old and special finishes

 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&amp;#8217;s&#13;Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur

 an ultra-pure

 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive&#13;U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco

    



 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for doubtful accounts of $123
200
 $61
000 and $236
000


 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)


 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging
 finished goods
 excise taxes and freight and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage

 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $240
000
 $200
000&#13;and $281
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances and write-offs on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily&#13;in connection with spoilage and slow moving inventory
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands


 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts


 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and&#13;Other&amp;#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting&#13;units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine&#13;whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
 the two-step impairment&#13;test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes&#13;in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most&#13;significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and&#13;discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s net assets&#13;exceeds the unit&amp;#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of&#13;goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill&#13;recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks

 2017 and 2016
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each reporting&#13;unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&amp;#8217; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
&#13;Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this assessment


 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There were no impairments recorded during the years ended March 31
 2017


 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&amp;#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
347
121
 $2
635
430 and $2
574
471 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015




 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases


 &amp;#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&amp;#8221;


 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&amp;#8217;s debt




 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 2017
 the Company had reserves for uncertain tax positions (including related interest&#13;and penalties) for various state and local tax issues of $20




 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
486
796
 $4
960
301 and $3
184
392 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015


 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation


 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8212; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification&#13;        Accounting.&amp;#8221; ASU 2017-09 provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award&#13;        require an entity to apply modification accounting. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early&#13;        adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance&#13;        will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2017-05
 &amp;#8220;Other Income &amp;#8212; Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying&#13;        the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets.&amp;#8221; ASU 2017-05 clarifies&#13;        the scope and accounting of a financial asset that meets the definition of an &amp;#8220;in-substance nonfinancial asset&amp;#8221; and&#13;        defines the term &amp;#8220;in-substance nonfinancial asset.&amp;#8221; ASU 2017-05 also adds guidance for partial sales of nonfinancial&#13;        assets. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently&#13;        evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2017-04
 &amp;#8220;Intangibles &amp;#8212; Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (Topic 350).&amp;#8221; ASU 2017-04&#13;        removes Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2020
 with early adoption&#13;        permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have&#13;        on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2017-01
 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business.&amp;#8221; This ASU
 which must be&#13;        applied prospectively
 provides a narrower framework to be used to determine if a set of assets and activities constitutes a business&#13;        than under current guidance and is generally expected to result in greater consistency in the application of ASC Topic 805
 Business&#13;        Combinations. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently&#13;        evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2016-18
 &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash
 a consensus of the FASB&amp;#8217;s Emerging Issues Task&#13;        Force (the &amp;#8220;Task Force&amp;#8221;).&amp;#8221; The new standard requires that the statement of cash flows explain the change during&#13;        the period in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents.&#13;        Entities will also be required to reconcile such total to amounts on the balance sheet and disclose the nature of the restrictions.&#13;        This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating&#13;        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2016-16
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory.&amp;#8221; This ASU removes the prohibition against&#13;        the immediate recognition of the current and deferred income tax effects of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory.&#13;        This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. Entities must apply a modified retrospective&#13;        basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is&#13;        currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results&#13;        of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2016-15
 &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#8221;
 which provides guidance&#13;        on eight cash flow classification issues with the objective of reducing differences in practice. The new standard is effective&#13;        for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. Adoption is required to be on a retrospective basis
 unless&#13;        impracticable for any of the amendments
 in which case a prospective application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating&#13;        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
&#13;        &amp;#8220;Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#8221;
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee&#13;        share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well&#13;        as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017. The Company&#13;        is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;        results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2016-02
 &amp;#8220;Leases.&amp;#8221; The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset&#13;        and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either&#13;        finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard&#13;        is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital&#13;        and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial&#13;        statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the&#13;        impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2016-01
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8212;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial&#13;        Liabilities&amp;#8221;
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes&#13;        to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
&#13;        and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies guidance related to&#13;        the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale&#13;        debt securities. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 and upon adoption
 an entity should apply the&#13;        amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which&#13;        the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial&#13;        liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company&#13;        is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;        results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
&#13;        &amp;#8220;Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#8221;
 which changes the measurement principle for inventory&#13;        from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling&#13;        prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new&#13;        guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted.&#13;        The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;        2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221;
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance&#13;        includes the required steps to achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised&#13;        goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange&#13;        for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018. The Company is currently evaluating&#13;        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 but not yet effective
 accounting standards
 if currently adopted


 the FASB issued ASU 2017-03
 &amp;#8220;Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (Topic 250) and Investments&#13;        - Equity Method and Joint Ventures&amp;#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2017-03 provide additional detail surrounding disclosures required&#13;        related to adoption of new pronouncements. The ASU is effective for the periods of each related pronouncement. The Company adopted&#13;        this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that&#13;        the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2015-17
 &amp;#8220;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.&amp;#8221; ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred&#13;        taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective&#13;        for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years.&#13;        The guidance may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively and early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to adopt ASU&#13;        2015-17 early
 and applied it retrospectively as allowed by the standard. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material effect&#13;        on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        2015-16
 &amp;#8220;Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments&amp;#8221;
 which requires&#13;        adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period&#13;        to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of&#13;        changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated&#13;        as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires the disclosure of the nature and amount&#13;        of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately the amounts in current-period income statement&#13;        line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized&#13;        as of the acquisition date. The guidance became effective for the Company beginning April 1

 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;        2015-15
 &amp;#8220;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs&#13;        Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement&amp;#8221; at June 18
 2015&#13;        EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements.&#13;        Commitment fees paid to the lender represent the benefit of being able to access capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
&#13;        are not in the scope of the new guidance and it is appropriate to present such fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless&#13;        of whether or not there are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual&#13;        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016. The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not&#13;        have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
&#13;        &amp;#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-03&amp;#8221;)
 which requires that debt issuance&#13;        costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of&#13;        that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected.&#13;        Upon adoption
 the Company applied the new guidance on a retrospective basis and adjusted the balance sheet of each individual&#13;        period presented to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance
 reclassifying $100
049 and $170
895 in debt&#13;        issuance costs from Other Assets to Credit Facility
 net at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;        No. 2014-15
 &amp;#8220;Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#8221;
 which requires&#13;        management to assess a company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain&#13;        circumstances. Before this new standard
 there was minimal guidance in U.S. GAAP specific to going concern. Under the new standard
&#13;        disclosures are required when conditions give rise to substantial doubt about a company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going&#13;        concern within one year from the financial statement issuance date. This guidance was effective for the Company beginning with&#13;        its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual&#13;        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not&#13;        have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations



798
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;13
508
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;11
988


861
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
861
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
861

659
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;15
369
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;13
969



714

976

086
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;13
763

801

740



536

796

397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;112

730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
691
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
951

781
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
075







693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;631

271
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8
271

668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;185

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;994

460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;55
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
309
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
307

035
018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
372

274
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
935

112
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
112

387

048





294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;331

617
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
065

478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;29

184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;776

035

372








037



580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;211

133
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
088

675
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
675

000

019

975

305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 a revolving credit facility and Company credit cards. These credit facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&amp;#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &amp;#8364;0 at each of March 31

 GCP issued a promissory note (the &amp;#8220;GCP Note&amp;#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling&amp;#8217;s Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $211

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&amp;#8220;Keltic&amp;#8221;)
 which
 as amended

 the Company&#13;and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Amended Agreement&amp;#8221;) with&#13;ACF FinCo I LP (&amp;#8220;ACF&amp;#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility&#13;and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing&#13;Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the&#13;inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
&#13;2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate&#13;plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2017
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.5%. The&#13;monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing&#13;for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120

&#13;the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers&#13;of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
&#13;Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including&#13;Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
&#13;Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director&#13;of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director&#13;of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
&#13;of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 and Phillip Frost M.D.
 a principal&#13;shareholder and director
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
&#13;the Company
 CB-USA and ACF

 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
&#13;2013 (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Subordination Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic

 the Company&#13;and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &amp;#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&amp;#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
&#13;the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit&#13;in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &amp;#8220;Purchased Inventory&#13;Sublimit&amp;#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July&#13;31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole&#13;or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit&#13;replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest&#13;rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c)&#13;7.50%. As of March 31
 2017
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 8.25%. The monthly facility fee&#13;remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
&#13;the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with&#13;respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with&#13;(a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior&#13;lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate&#13;of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements&#13;by and among each officer
 the Company

 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the&#13;sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The&#13;participation agreement provides that ACF&amp;#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be&#13;limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the&#13;Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the&#13;junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to&#13;pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to&#13;pay a commitment fee of $18

 the Company and CB-USA may&#13;borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement&#13;and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest at 6% through December 14
 2016
&#13;then 6.25% through March 15
 2017
 then 6.5% through March 31
 2017 on the Amended Agreement. For the year ended March 31
 2016
&#13;the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016 on&#13;the Amended Agreement. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest at 7.75% through December 14
 2016
 and then&#13;at 8.0% through March 15
 2017
 then 8.25% through March 31
 2017 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March&#13;31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased&#13;Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal&#13;amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &amp;#8220;Default&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Event of&#13;Default&amp;#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum&#13;above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also&#13;receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance&#13;of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement&#13;contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative&#13;and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&amp;#8217;s&#13;ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations&#13;of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets&#13;of the Borrower. At March 31
 2017
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects

 the Company&#13;used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
&#13;Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests&#13;in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. In January 2017
 the Company acquired&#13;$1
030
000 in aged bulk bourbon under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with additional borrowings from certain related parties&#13;of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($51
500)
 Richard J. Lampen ($34
333)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($17
167)
&#13;Brian L. Heller ($14
592)
 and Alfred J. Small ($5
150)
 as junior participants in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with respect&#13;to such purchase. Under the terms of the participation agreement

 2017 and 2016
&#13;$13
133
124 and $12
088
594
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2017&#13;and 2016
 there was $5
866
876 and $6
911
406
 respectively
 in potential availability under the Credit Facility. In connection&#13;with the adoption of ASU 2015-03
 the Company included $100
049 and $170
895 of debt issuance costs at March 31
 2017 and 2016
&#13;respectively

 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &amp;#8220;Convertible Notes&amp;#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on

 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
&#13;an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group&#13;Ltd. ($200


 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement

 2017&#13;and 2016
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities

 the Company issued a promissory note to Frost Nevada Investments Trust (the &amp;#8220;Holder&amp;#8221;)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 in the aggregate principal amount of $20
000
000 (the &amp;#8220;Subordinated Note&amp;#8221;). The purpose of Company&amp;#8217;s issuance of the Subordinated Note was to finance the GCP Share Acquisition. The Subordinated Note bears interest quarterly at the rate of 11% per annum. The principal and interest incurred thereon shall be due and payable in full on March 15
 2019. All claims of the Holder to principal
 interest and any other amounts owed under the Subordinated Note are subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company existing as of the date of the Subordinated Note. The Subordinated Note contains customary events of default and may be prepaid by the Company
 in whole or in part
 without penalty



675

133


019





617

183



000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;382


580





702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;19
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;73





077

034



000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;455



450

278


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Permanent items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(29.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;176.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Share based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(48.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;73.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of foreign operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(67.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase in unrecognized tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intercompany profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local taxes


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign currency transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;144
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;112
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
204
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;857
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Share based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;665
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;679
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;U.S. federal and state net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
374
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
585
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
511
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
003
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;245
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total gross assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
111
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37
373
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(32
621
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(37
355
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;490
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income tax liability:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(994
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
222
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(48
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
048
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
222
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(558
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
204








067


 net
 consolidated income from operations
 consolidated net income (loss) attributable&#13;to common shareholders
 consolidated income tax expense and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated&#13;sales



528

302

938

740

918

519


269

220

457




115

039

095

904

005

077





527

698


516

799



450

278


339

009

147

759

858

998

386

567

756

569

364

413




004

222

933


269

220

457


234

786

107

824

342

610



750

627

309

580

716
115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
727
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
670
240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9
586












350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net (loss) income per common share
 basic

 diluted

 basic
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
521
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
698
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
963
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;161
065
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
521
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
698
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;165
245
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;165
878


513

536

207

963

627
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
056
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
702
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8
167









123

011


268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net (loss) income per common share
 basic

 diluted

 basic
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;157
535
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;159
774
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
031
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
167
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;157
535
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;159
774
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;160
031
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;167
331

    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    










285


814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;90



194


 excluding interest and penalties





    
    
    

 2016 Balance Sheet&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#8212; The Company has revised its March 31
 2016 consolidated balance sheet for an error in the historical carrying value of inventory. The Company determined that inventory at March 31
 2016 was overstated by $1
493
130
 the cumulative result of changes in estimated freight costs and excise taxes and certain cost variances in prior years. The Company assessed the materiality of this error on previously issued consolidated financial statements and concluded that the error was immaterial to any one year. As a result
 inventory was decreased by $1
493
130 with accumulated deficit increased by $1
493
130 at March 31

    






























      

 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $7
645
789
 $7
451
569 and $6
754
453 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015


305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors' insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 a revolving credit facility and Company credit cards. These credit facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender's AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;0 at each of March 31


 GCP issued a promissory note (the GCP Note) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $211


 the Company issued a promissory note to Frost Nevada Investments Trust (the Holder)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 in the aggregate principal amount of $20
000
000 (the Subordinated Note). The purpose of Company's issuance of the Subordinated Note was to finance the GCP Share Acquisition. The Subordinated Note bears interest quarterly at the rate of 11% per annum. The principal and interest incurred thereon shall be due and payable in full on March 15
 2019. All claims of the Holder to principal
 interest and any other amounts owed under the Subordinated Note are subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company existing as of the date of the Subordinated Note. The Subordinated Note contains customary events of default and may be prepaid by the Company
 in whole or in part
 without penalty


 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 which
 as amended


 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the Convertible Notes). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the Conversion Price). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on

      






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  



 Net - Schedule of Property

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Stock Options

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



275 and $245
238 at March 31
2017 and 2016



      



711 and $331
008 at March 31
 2017 and 2016



      


      


      



035
018 and $7
372
585 at March 31
 2017 and 2016



      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net (including $412
269 and $312
813 of related-party participation at March 31
 2017 and 2016



      



100
000 of related party participation at March 31



      


      


      


      


      


      



 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at March 31




 $.01 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 162
945
805 and 160
474
777 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2017 and 2016



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










































      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      






      


      


      



 basic and diluted




 basic and diluted



      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      



 net of issuance costs of $124




 net of issuance costs of $124
876



      






      






      






      






      






      


      


      






      


      

      





      


      










      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      


      



 and accrued interest thereon



      


      








      


      


      


      


      


      






      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      



 Stock Options



      






      






      

      


      


      


      



 plant and equipment




 plant and equipment



      






      


      


      

      


      





      


      


      


      


      

      










      

      

      





      

      


      


      






      





      

      

      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      




      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      





























      











 Amendment Fees



      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      
















      



 convertible




 convertible



      






      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      













 value







 shares



      


      










      





      


      


      

      












































      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      





      






      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      




















































      






















      












































      


      


      


      


      






      





      


      






      


      



 income statement



      






      


      


      


      






      


      







      





      


      








      


      





      

      

      



 basic




 diluted




 basic




 diluted



 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security


      

      







      

      

      

      


 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      





 often within specific geographical areas or supply channels
 for a specified period of time


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      




      




      




      

      

      

      


 Amendment Fees


      

      

      

      













      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      




      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      







      

      




      




      


 Net of Tax



 Net of Tax

















      




      

      

      

      





 Plant


      

      

      

      




      







      

      




      


 Plant and Equipment









 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities



Other Reconciling Items



 Tax Credit Carryforwards




















      

      


 Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2017
Jun. 09
 2017
Sep. 30
 2016








































  2017



































































623
615



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



122
883
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016











048


430
532



Accounts receivable - net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $302
275 and $245
238 at March 31
2017 and 2016
 respectively

460
432


410
571







279



Inventories - net of allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $312
711 and $331
008 at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively

801
080


740
192





674
923


611
797





547
483


196
371





780


255



Intangible assets - net of accumulated amortization of $8
035
018 and $7
372
585 at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively

387
330


048
302





226


226



Investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 at equity

097


667





455


076





773


486





342
144


610
383












549
942


652
260





668
708


352
170





158
318


338
072





376
968


342
502










Credit facility
 net (including $412
269 and $312
813 of related-party participation at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively)

033
075


917
694





000
000





Notes payable - 5% Convertible notes (including $1
100
000 of related party participation at March 31
 2017 and 2016)

675
000


675
000





580


580





766


204
000





666







876
055


350
776

















Preferred stock
 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2017 and 2016






Common stock
 $.01 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 162
945
805 and 160
474
777 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively

629
458


604
748





889
613


866
671





223
822)


371
209)





308
672)


193
794)





986
577


906
416





479
512


353
191





466
089


259
607





342
144


610
383




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.




























The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).






















































































Amount of long-term notes classified as other
 payable after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents restricted as to withdrawal or usage
 classified as noncurrent. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016











275


238





711


008





035
018


372
585





269


813





100
000


100
000



Subordinated note payable
 percent






Convertible notes payable
 percent






Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

945
805


474
777



Common stock
 shares outstanding

945
805


474
777







Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable to related parties
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Subordinated note payable
 percent.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Amount payable to related parties classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015












Sales
 net


269
131


220
368


457
421






568
774


666
798


884
632






700
357


553
570


572
789






122
490


222
659


254
818






642
775


385
851


488
336






030
093


513


540






904
999


005
547


077
905)



Other (expense) income
 net


660)




602






430


667








706


867)


564)



Interest expense
 net


335
241)


088
539)


129
047)






234


858)


194
914)



Income tax expense
 net


702)


450
848)


278
999)






532


706
706)


473
913)






359
145)


662)


829)






613)


516
368)


799
742)



Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders









Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders


811
957


380
223


456
341






 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $7
645
789
 $7
451
569 and $6
754
453 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015






























































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.






















































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.

























































Amount of expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives
 classified as other.




























Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015













645
789


451
569


453







The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues
 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015













532


706
706)


473
913)














878)


131


009)





878)


131


009)





654


614
575)


034
922)







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)




















































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balance at Mar. 31
 2014

518
411


485
965


055
099)


724
916)


217
700


935
191



Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2014

841
133



















799
742)




829


473
913)











009)




009)



Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $124
876

379


108
189








133
568



Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $124
876
 shares

537
924















578


387








965



Exercise of common stock warrants
 shares

657
802

















971)








250)



Surrender of common stock in connection with exercise of common stock warrant
 shares

902)















017


400








417



Conversion of 5% convertible notes and accrued interest thereon
 shares

574















771


213








984



Exercise of common stock options
 shares

127
































710








710



Balance at Mar. 31
 2015

571
877


626
893


854
841)


285
925)


543
529


094
663



Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2015

187
658



















516
368)




662


706
706)











131




131



Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $124
876

193


105
920








127
113



Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $124
876
 shares

119
282















796


184








980



Exercise of common stock options
 shares

079
602

















118








000



Common stock issued under 2013 incentive compensation plan
 shares

235

















000)








000)






















250
556








250
556



Balance at Mar. 31
 2016

604
748


866
671


371
209)


193
794)


353
191


259
607



Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2016

474
777



















613)




359
145


532











878)




878)





710


479








189



Exercise of common stock options
 shares

028

















355)








355)





000


430
000








448
000



Common stock issued in connection with the acquisition of an additional 20.1% of noncontrolling interests
 shares

800
000

















215
176)






232
824)


448
000)







577
994








577
994



Balance at Mar. 31
 2017

629
458


889
613


223
822)


308
672)


479
512


466
089



Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2017

945
805

















Common stock issued in connection with the acquisition of an additional 20.1% of noncontrolling interests
 shares.










































































































































































































Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from direct costs associated with issuing stock. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration.




























Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)



























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.



















































































































Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.






















































































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.



















































































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Convertible notes payable
 percent






355



Acquisition of noncontrolling interests
 percent




Acquisition of additional noncontrolling interests
 percent








Acquisition of additional noncontrolling interests
 percent.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015













532


706
706)


473
913)














030
093


513


540





200


000


984)





681


127


942



Deferred income tax (benefit) expense
 net

235)


152)


178





430)


667)







706)


867


564





577
994


370
556


710





000


000


000



Changes in operations
 assets and liabilities:










182
011)


040


671
925)





279


471


462)





344
791)


498
338)


223
601)





066
856)


258)


587





117)


260)


000)





217
652


163
818


321
722





579


579







247


812)


642





666









229
755)


147
516)


378
087)





723
223)


854
222)


852
000)














740)


462)


742)





740)


885)


109)





000
000)







Investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 at equity



000)







040)









374
520)


604)


780)














044
531


965
050


170
507





000
000











900)


270
100)









250
000)







743)


278







251
989


319
915





355)


876)


347)







000)











715





189


980


984





281
365


087
500


626
952





106)


745)


930





484)


929


102





430
532


191
603


501





048


430
532


191
603














448
000













250



Conversion of 5% convertible note
 and accrued interest thereon
 to common stock





417





159
667


099


973





553
377


079
387


525







The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amount of outstanding money paid in advance for goods or services that bring economic benefits for future periods and supplies. Also includes
 The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other current operating assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows.

























































Investment in consolidated entity
 at equity.

























































This element represents that
 the amount of reversal of provision for obsolete inventory.






















































































The sum of adjustments which are added to or deducted from net income or loss
 including the portion attributable to noncontrolling interest
 to reflect cash provided by or used in operating activities
 in accordance with the indirect cash flow method.





















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.









































































































































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in current receivables (due within one year or one operating cycle) to be collected from an entity that is controlling
 under the control of
 or within the same control group as the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations to be paid to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.












































































































































































Amount of cash paid for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount of expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives
 classified as other.






















































































The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of or advances to an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 and joint venture or equity method investment) or the acquisition of an additional interest in a subsidiary (controlled entity).




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).






















































































The cash inflow from an obligation which places a lender in a lien position behind debt having a higher priority of repayment (senior loan) in liquidation of the entity's assets scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017


Common stock conversion
 percent




Acquisition noncontrolling interests
 percent









Common stock conversion
 percent








Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017








ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES



    
    
 &#8212; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&#8220;the Company&#8221;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&#8220;CB-USA&#8221;) and McLain &#38; Kyne
 Ltd. (&#8220;McLain &#38; Kyne&#8221;)
 the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&#8220;CB-IRL&#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&#8217;s 80.1% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (&#8220;GCP&#8221;)
 with adjustments for income or loss allocated based upon percentage of ownership. The accounts of the subsidiaries have been included as of the date of acquisition. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; The Company is principally engaged in the importation
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada
 Europe and Asia.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; Goslings rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 an essential non-alcoholic ingredient in Goslings trademarked Dark &#8216;n Stormy 


&#8212;Premium
small batch bourbons: Jefferson&#8217;s
 Jefferson&#8217;s Reserve
 Jefferson&#8217;s Chef&#8217;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&#8217;s
Ocean Aged at Sea
 Jefferson&#8217;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&#8217;s Wood Experiments and Jefferson&#8217;s Presidential
Select
 Jefferson&#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&#8217;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink
cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions;
Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that
has been aged for 36 years
 Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle Whiskey; and the Arran Scotch Whiskeys:
the single malts
 including the 10 Years Old
 the 18 Years Old and special finishes
 as well as the official Robert Burns whiskeys.

&#8212; Pallini
Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&#8217;s
Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur
pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement.

&#8212; Boru
vodka
 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland.

&#8212; a USDA
certified organic
 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer
and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco
 reposado and a&#241;ejo.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
 - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&#8217;s proportionate share of the investees&#8217; income
 losses and distributions. The Company assesses the carrying value of its equity investments when an indicator of a loss in value is present and records a loss in value of the investment when the assessment indicates that an other-than-temporary decline in the investment exists. The Company classifies its equity earnings of equity investments as a component of net income or loss.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for doubtful accounts of $123
200
 $61
000 and $236
000
 respectively.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
 and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states in the United States until such time as product is sold through to the retail channel.

    
    
    

    
    
&#160;&#8212; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging
 finished goods
 excise taxes and freight and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market requirements. A change to the carrying value of inventories is recorded in cost of goods sold. See Note 3.



31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $240
000
 $200
000
and $281
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances and write-offs on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily
in connection with spoilage and slow moving inventory
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as adjustments
to estimated freight costs and excise taxes and certain cost variances. The charges have been recorded as increases to Cost of
Sales in the respective years.



    
    
Revisions to March 31
 2016 Balance Sheet
 2016 consolidated balance sheet for an error in the historical carrying value of inventory. The Company determined that inventory at March 31
 2016 was overstated by $1
493
130
 the cumulative result of changes in estimated freight costs and excise taxes and certain cost variances in prior years. The Company assessed the materiality of this error on previously issued consolidated financial statements and concluded that the error was immaterial to any one year. As a result
 inventory was decreased by $1
493
130 with accumulated deficit increased by $1
493
130 at March 31
 2016 on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

    
    
    

    
    
&#160;&#8212; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statement of operations. Equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging from three to five years.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.



Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 350
 &#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and
Other&#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting
units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine
whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
 the two-step impairment
test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes
in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most
significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and
discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s net assets
exceeds the unit&#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of
goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill
recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks
trade names and formulations are indefinite lived intangible assets not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment at
least annually. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset group allocated to each reporting unit
with its allocated carrying amount.


assessment at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each reporting
unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&#8217; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
 Company-specific
facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this assessment
 the Company determined
that no quantitative assessment was required.



    
    
 &#8212; Under ASC 310
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There were no impairments recorded during the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
347
121
 $2
635
430 and $2
574
471 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States or other relevant jurisdiction and then transferred out of &#8220;bond.&#8221; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods. When the underlying products are sold &#8220;ex warehouse&#8221;
 the sales price reflects the taxes paid and the inventoried excise taxes and duties are charged to cost of sales.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 the cost of the promotional goods is charged to cost of sales and dollars off invoice are a reduction to revenue.




    
    
 &#8212; The functional currency for the Company&#8217;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&#8221;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; ASC 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments&#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&#8217;s debt
 as compared to the current borrowing rates available to the Company.



are reported at fair value in accordance with authoritative guidance
 which accomplishes the following key objectives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. A financial instrument&#8217;s
categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The three levels of the valuation hierarchy are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
Level 2 &#8212; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.

    
    
    




    
    
 &#8212; Under ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. A valuation allowance is provided to the extent a deferred tax asset is not considered recoverable.



provisions of ASC 740 and as of March 31
 2017
 the Company had reserves for uncertain tax positions (including related interest
and penalties) for various state and local tax issues of $20
666. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain
tax positions in general and administrative expense.



    
    
 &#8212; The costs of research
 development and product improvement are charged to expense as incurred and are included in selling expense.

    
    
    

    
    
&#8212; Advertising and marketing costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
486
796
 $4
960
301 and $3
184
392 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

    
    
    

    
    
 &#8212; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 amortization and expense accruals.




    
    
    
        
        &#8212; In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
 &#8220;Compensation &#8212; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification
        Accounting.&#8221; ASU 2017-09 provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award
        require an entity to apply modification accounting. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early
        adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance
        will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2017-05
 &#8220;Other Income &#8212; Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying
        the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets.&#8221; ASU 2017-05 clarifies
        the scope and accounting of a financial asset that meets the definition of an &#8220;in-substance nonfinancial asset&#8221; and
        defines the term &#8220;in-substance nonfinancial asset.&#8221; ASU 2017-05 also adds guidance for partial sales of nonfinancial
        assets. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
        evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2017-04
 &#8220;Intangibles &#8212; Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (Topic 350).&#8221; ASU 2017-04
        removes Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2020
 with early adoption
        permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have
        on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2017-01
 &#8220;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business.&#8221; This ASU
 which must be
        applied prospectively
 provides a narrower framework to be used to determine if a set of assets and activities constitutes a business
        than under current guidance and is generally expected to result in greater consistency in the application of ASC Topic 805
 Business
        Combinations. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
        evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2016-18
 &#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash
 a consensus of the FASB&#8217;s Emerging Issues Task
        Force (the &#8220;Task Force&#8221;).&#8221; The new standard requires that the statement of cash flows explain the change during
        the period in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents.
        Entities will also be required to reconcile such total to amounts on the balance sheet and disclose the nature of the restrictions.
        This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2016-16
 &#8220;Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory.&#8221; This ASU removes the prohibition against
        the immediate recognition of the current and deferred income tax effects of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory.
        This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. Entities must apply a modified retrospective
        basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is
        currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results
        of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2016-15
 &#8220;Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&#8221;
 which provides guidance
        on eight cash flow classification issues with the objective of reducing differences in practice. The new standard is effective
        for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. Adoption is required to be on a retrospective basis
 unless
        impracticable for any of the amendments
 in which case a prospective application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
        &#8220;Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&#8221;
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee
        share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well
        as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017. The Company
        is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s
        results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2016-02
 &#8220;Leases.&#8221; The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset
        and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either
        finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard
        is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital
        and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
        statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the
        impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.




    
    
    

 the FASB issued ASU
        2016-01
 &#8220;Financial Instruments&#8212;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
        Liabilities&#8221;
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes
        to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
        and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies guidance related to
        the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale
        debt securities. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 and upon adoption
 an entity should apply the
        amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which
        the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial
        liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company
        is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s
        results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
        &#8220;Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&#8221;
 which changes the measurement principle for inventory
        from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling
        prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new
        guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted.
        The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No.
        2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221;
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance
        includes the required steps to achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
        goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
        for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018. The Company is currently evaluating
        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

        other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
        condensed consolidated financial statements.




    
    
    
        
        &#8212; In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-03
 &#8220;Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (Topic 250) and Investments
        - Equity Method and Joint Ventures&#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2017-03 provide additional detail surrounding disclosures required
        related to adoption of new pronouncements. The ASU is effective for the periods of each related pronouncement. The Company adopted
        this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that
        the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial
        condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2015-17
 &#8220;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.&#8221; ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred
        taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective
        for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years.
        The guidance may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively and early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to adopt ASU
        2015-17 early
 and applied it retrospectively as allowed by the standard. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material effect
        on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2015-16
 &#8220;Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments&#8221;
 which requires
        adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period
        to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of
        changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated
        as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires the disclosure of the nature and amount
        of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately the amounts in current-period income statement
        line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized
        as of the acquisition date. The guidance became effective for the Company beginning April 1
 2016. The Company will apply the guidance
        prospectively for all future business combinations.
        

 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.
        2015-15
 &#8220;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs
        Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement&#8221; at June 18
 2015
        EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements.
        Commitment fees paid to the lender represent the benefit of being able to access capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
        are not in the scope of the new guidance and it is appropriate to present such fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless
        of whether or not there are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual
        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016. The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not
        have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
        &#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2015-03&#8221;)
 which requires that debt issuance
        costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of
        that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected.
        Upon adoption
 the Company applied the new guidance on a retrospective basis and adjusted the balance sheet of each individual
        period presented to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance
 reclassifying $100
049 and $170
895 in debt
        issuance costs from Other Assets to Credit Facility
 net at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 on the accompanying Consolidated
        Balance Sheet.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2014-15
 &#8220;Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#8221;
 which requires
        management to assess a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain
        circumstances. Before this new standard
 there was minimal guidance in U.S. GAAP specific to going concern. Under the new standard
        disclosures are required when conditions give rise to substantial doubt about a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going
        concern within one year from the financial statement issuance date. This guidance was effective for the Company beginning with
        its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual
        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not
        have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.





































The entire disclosure for the organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure
 and significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements
 as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE
 (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets
 (3) the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE
 and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows.  Describes procedure if disclosures are provided in more than one note to the financial statements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017








BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON
SHARE


by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common
share is computed giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the period that are not
anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants
or conversion of convertible notes outstanding. In computing diluted net loss per share for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016
and 2015
 no adjustment has been made to the weighted average outstanding common shares as the assumed exercise of outstanding
options and warrants and the assumed conversion of convertible notes is anti-dilutive.


in calculating diluted net loss per share are as follows:



    
    
Years ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
798
558
    
    
    
13
508
086
    
    
    
11
988
188
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
000
    

    
    
    
1
861
111
    
    
    
1
861
111
    
    
    
1
861
111
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
659
669
    
    
    
15
369
197
    
    
    
13
969
299
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017












    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
714
225
    
    
    
11
976
561
    

    
    
    
13
086
855
    
    
    
13
763
631
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
801
080
    
    
    
25
740
192
    



 2017
 and 2016
 9% and
11%
 respectively
 of raw materials and 7% and 5%
 respectively
 of finished goods were located outside of the United States.


 2017
 2016
and 2015
 the Company acquired $6
900
819
 $5
441
432 and $5
333
763 of aged bourbon whiskey
 respectively
 in support of its anticipated
near and mid-term needs.


for obsolete and slow moving inventory based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected
future demand and market requirements.


of weighted average cost or market.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017

Investments
 Debt and Equity Securities [Abstract]








Investment in Gosling-Castle Partners
Inc.
 consolidated


the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (&#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with Gosling&#8217;s Limited (&#8220;GL&#8221;)
and E. Malcolm B. Gosling (&#8220;Gosling
&#8221; and together with GL
 the &#8220;Sellers&#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the
Purchase Agreement
 the Company acquired an additional 201
000 shares (the &#8220;GCP Share Acquisition&#8221;) of the common stock
of GCP
 representing a 20.1% equity interest in GCP. GCP is a strategic global export venture between the Company and the Gosling
family. As a result of the completion of the GCP Share Acquisition
 the Company&#8217;s total equity interest in GCP increased
to 80.1%. The consideration for the GCP Share Acquisition was (i) $20
000
000 in cash and (ii) 1
800
000 shares of common stock
of the Company.


accounted for this transaction in accordance with ASC 810 &#8220;Consolidation
&#8221; and in particular section 810-10-45. Under
the relevant guidance
 a parent accounts for such changes in its ownership interest in a subsidiary as equity transactions. The
parent cannot recognize a gain or loss in consolidated net income or comprehensive income for such transactions and is not permitted
to step up a portion of the subsidiary's net assets to fair value for the additional interests acquired. Any difference between
the fair value of the consideration paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted shall be recognized in
equity attributable to the parent. As a result
 the Company reduced the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest by $2
232
824
with the $20
215
176 excess of the cash and stock paid over the adjustment to the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest
recognized as a decrease in the Company&#8217;s additional paid-in capital.


 2017
2016 and 2015
 GCP had pretax net income on a stand-alone basis of $3
762
130
 $3
475
006 and $814
573
 respectively. The Company
allocated a portion of this net income
 or $1
359
145
 $809
662 and $325
829
 to non-controlling interest for the years ended March
31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Combined with the effects of income tax expense
 net
 allocated to noncontrolling interests
as described in Note 1.Q Income Taxes
 the cumulative balance allocated to noncontrolling interests in GCP was $2
479
512 and $3
353
191
at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 as shown on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.


at the end of the fiscal year
 the additional income attributable to the change in ownership is immaterial and is not presented
in these consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31
 2017.


 GCP declared and
paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company recorded 60% of this dividend
 or $900
000
 as a return of capital
and a reduction of its investment in GCP
 and allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
 to noncontrolling interests and a reduction
in the additional paid-in capital of GCP. GCP neither declared nor paid a dividend in the year ended March 31
 2017.

Investment in Copperhead Distillery
Company
 equity method


 CB-USA purchased 20%
of Copperhead Distillery Company (&#8220;Copperhead&#8221;) for $500
000. Copperhead owns and operates the Kentucky Artisan Distillery.
The investment was part of an agreement to build a new warehouse to store Jefferson&#8217;s bourbons
 provide distilling capabilities
using special mash-bills made from locally grown grains and create a visitor center and store to enhance the consumer experience
for the Jefferson&#8217;s brand. The investment has been used for the construction of a new warehouse in Crestwood
 Kentucky dedicated
to the storage of Jefferson&#8217;s whiskies. The Company has accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting.
For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company recognized $51
430 of income from this investment; for the initial period ended
March 31
 2016
 the Company recognized $18
667 of income from this investment. The investment balance was $570
097 and $518
667
at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for cost method and equity method investments included basis
 impairment losses
 recognized or unrecognized gains (losses).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Equipment
 Net


Mar. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Equipment
 Net

EQUIPMENT
 NET





    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
536
064
    
    
    
2
796
064
    

    
    
    
112
397
    
    
    
112
676
    

    
    
    
42
730
    
    
    
42
730
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
691
191
    
    
    
2
951
470
    

    
    
    
1
781
411
    
    
    
2
075
215
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
909
780
    
    
    
876
255
    



ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 totaled $366
381
 $280
702 and $249
683
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017











226 at each of March
31
 2017 and 2016.





    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
170
000
    
    
    
170
000
    

    
    
    
631
693
    
    
    
631
693
    

    
    
    
8
271
555
    
    
    
8
271
555
    

    
    
    
186
668
    
    
    
185
207
    

    
    
    
994
000
    
    
    
994
000
    

    
    
    
55
460
    
    
    
55
460
    

    
    
    
10
309
376
    
    
    
10
307
915
    

    
    
    
8
035
018
    
    
    
7
372
585
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
274
358
    
    
    
2
935
330
    

    
    
    
4
112
972
    
    
    
4
112
972
    

    
    
    
6
387
330
    
    
    
7
048
302
    



&#8212; indefinite lived consists of product formulations and the Company&#8217;s relationships with its distillers.





    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
170
000
    
    
    
170
000
    

    
    
    
367
294
    
    
    
331
366
    

    
    
    
6
617
062
    
    
    
6
065
111
    

    
    
    
37
478
    
    
    
29
188
    

    
    
    
843
184
    
    
    
776
920
    

    
    
    
8
035
018
    
    
    
7
372
585
    



March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 totaled $663
712
 $658
811 and $655
769
 respectively.


for each of the next five fiscal years is as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
246
884
    

    
    
    
    
228
551
    

    
    
    
    
190
384
    

    
    
    
    
188
246
    

    
    
    
    
183
769
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
037
834
    





































The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017











 2017 and 2016
 the Company
had &#8364;310
305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) and &#8364;303
890 or $345
076 (translated at
the March 31
 2016 exchange rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral
for overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty and a revolving credit facility as described in
Note 8A below.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017












    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
211
580
    
    
    
211
580
    

    
    
    
13
133
124
    
    
    
12
088
594
    

    
    
    
1
675
000
    
    
    
1
675
000
    

    
    
    
20
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
019
704
    
    
    
13
975
174
    




    
    
The Company has arranged various credit facilities aggregating &#8364;310
305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 a revolving credit facility and Company credit cards. These credit facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;0 at each of March 31
 2017 and 2016.




    
    
In December 2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#8220;GCP Note&#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling&#8217;s Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $211
580 of principal due on the GCP Note was included in long-term liabilities.




    
    
In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&#8220;Keltic&#8221;)
 which
 as amended
 provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a facility of up to $19.0 million (the &#8220;Credit Facility&#8221;) for the purpose of providing the Company with working capital.



 the Company
and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Amended Agreement&#8221;) with
ACF FinCo I LP (&#8220;ACF&#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility
and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing
Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the
inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate
plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2017
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.5%. The
monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing
for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120
000 amendment fee in connection with
the execution of the Amended Agreement.&#160;


the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers
of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&#8217;s
Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including
Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director
of the Company and the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director
of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 and Phillip Frost M.D.
 a principal
shareholder and director
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
the Company
 CB-USA and ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic; (ii) an Amended and Restated Term Note; and (iii) an Amended and
Restated Revolving Credit Note.


Agreement
 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
2013 (as amended
 the &#8220;Subordination Agreement&#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic
 and certain
junior lenders to the Company; neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Subordination Agreement.


 the Company
and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit
in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &#8220;Purchased Inventory
Sublimit&#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July
31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole
or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit
replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest
rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c)
7.50%. As of March 31
 2017
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 8.25%. The monthly facility fee
remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with
respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45
000 commitment fee in connection with the Loan
Agreement Amendment.


Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with
(a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior
lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate
of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements
by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF and (ii) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note.


to entering into the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain related parties of the
Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the
sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The
participation agreement provides that ACF&#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be
limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the
Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the
junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to
pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to
pay a commitment fee of $18
000 on each anniversary of the effective date until the junior participants&#8217; obligations are
terminated pursuant to the participation agreement.


referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA may
borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement
and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest at 6% through December 14
 2016
then 6.25% through March 15
 2017
 then 6.5% through March 31
 2017 on the Amended Agreement. For the year ended March 31
 2016
the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016 on
the Amended Agreement. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest at 7.75% through December 14
 2016
 and then
at 8.0% through March 15
 2017
 then 8.25% through March 31
 2017 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March
31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased
Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal
amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &#8220;Default&#8221; or &#8220;Event of
Default&#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum
above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also
receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance
of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement
contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative
and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#8217;s
ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations
of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets
of the Borrower. At March 31
 2017
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects
 with the covenants under the Amended Agreement.


 the Company
used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests
in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. In January 2017
 the Company acquired
$1
030
000 in aged bulk bourbon under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with additional borrowings from certain related parties
of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($51
500)
 Richard J. Lampen ($34
333)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($17
167)
Brian L. Heller ($14
592)
 and Alfred J. Small ($5
150)
 as junior participants in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with respect
to such purchase. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum.


 2017 and 2016
$13
133
124 and $12
088
594
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2017
and 2016
 there was $5
866
876 and $6
911
406
 respectively
 in potential availability under the Credit Facility. In connection
with the adoption of ASU 2015-03
 the Company included $100
049 and $170
895 of debt issuance costs at March 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively
 as direct deductions from the carrying amount of the related debt liability.



    
    
In October 2013
 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 the Convertible Notes.



Notes included related parties of the Company
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group
Ltd. ($200
000).


all or any part of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily volume of the Company&#8217;s
common stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds
$50
000 per trading day and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for at least twenty (20) trading days during
any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current Conversion Price. Any forced conversion will be
applied ratably to the holders of all Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement based on each holder&#8217;s
then-current note holdings.


Purchase Agreement
 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement
 by
and among ACF and certain other junior lenders to the Company; the Company is not a party to the Subordination Agreement.


 2017
and 2016
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities
 respectively.



    
    
In March 2017
 the Company issued a promissory note to Frost Nevada Investments Trust (the &#8220;Holder&#8221;)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 in the aggregate principal amount of $20
000
000 (the &#8220;Subordinated Note&#8221;). The purpose of Company&#8217;s issuance of the Subordinated Note was to finance the GCP Share Acquisition. The Subordinated Note bears interest quarterly at the rate of 11% per annum. The principal and interest incurred thereon shall be due and payable in full on March 15
 2019. All claims of the Holder to principal
 interest and any other amounts owed under the Subordinated Note are subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company existing as of the date of the Subordinated Note. The Subordinated Note contains customary events of default and may be prepaid by the Company
 in whole or in part
 without penalty
 at any time.



follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
675
000
    

    
    
    
13
133
124
    

    
    
    
211
580
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
019
704
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017











&#8212; In November 2014
 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the &#8220;2014 Distribution Agreement&#8221;)
with Barrington Research Associates
 Inc. (&#8220;Barrington&#8221;)
 as sales agent
 under which the Company may issue and sell
over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 shares (the &#8220;Shares&#8221;) of its common stock having a gross
sales price of up to $10
000
000.


2014 Distribution Agreement
 if any
 may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an &#8220;at-the-market&#8221;
offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE MKT
LLC or any other existing trading market for the common stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
 and otherwise
to or through Barrington in accordance with the placement notices delivered by the Company to Barrington. Also
 with the prior
consent of the Company
 some of the Shares may be sold in privately negotiated transactions. Under the 2014 Distribution Agreement
Barrington will be entitled to compensation of 2.0 % of the gross proceeds from the sale of all of the Shares sold through Barrington
as sales agent
 pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement. Also
 the Company will reimburse Barrington for certain expenses incurred
in connection with the matters contemplated by the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional
$7
500 per calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however
 that such reimbursement amount shall not exceed
8% of the aggregate gross proceeds received by the Company under the 2014 Distribution Agreement.


 2017
no shares were issued under the 2014 Distribution Agreement. As of March 31
 2017
 Shares having a gross sales price of up to approximately
$4.7 million remained available for issuance pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement.


 2016
the Company sold 2
119
282 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $3
251
989
 before
deducting sales agent and issuance costs of $124
876.


2015
 the Company sold 1
290
581 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $2
088
674
 before
deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $122
149.


 the Company entered
into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the &#8220;2013 Distribution Agreement&#8221;) with Barrington
 as sales agent
 under which
the Company could issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 Shares of its common stock having a
gross sales price of up to $6.0 million.


 2014
the Company sold 1
247
343 Shares pursuant to the 2013 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $1
231
241
 before
deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $64
198. No Shares were sold in the nine-month period from July 1
 2014 through
March 31
 2015 under the 2013 Distribution Agreement.


in August 2014 upon the expiration of the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-3 under which the shares were sold.


- In the year ended March 31
 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and $1
417 of accrued interest
thereon into 501
574 shares of common stock.

 - In September
2015
 GCP declared and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
to non-controlling interests. No dividends were declared or paid in the year ended March 31
 2015.

 - As described
in Note 4 in March 2017
 the Company issued 1
800
000 shares of Common Stock to the Sellers in connection with the GCP Acquisition.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017








FOREIGN CURRENCY
FORWARD CONTRACTS


from time to time to reduce its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The Company recognizes in the balance sheet derivative
contracts at fair value
 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company
had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods
presented
 is included in other income and expense.



































The entire disclosure for foreign currency transactions and translation. This may include description of foreign currency transactions
 foreign currency gains and losses
 explanation of change in cumulative translation adjustment
 description of effect of subsequent foreign currency exchange rate change
 cumulative translation adjustment movement
 foreign currency translation adjustment by component movement
 translation adjustment for net investment hedge movement
 adjustment for long-term intercompany transactions
 schedule of long-term intercompany balances and any other foreign currency transactions and translation related items.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017








PROVISION FOR INCOME
TAXES


with ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
 which requires the recognition of tax benefits or expense on the temporary differences
between the tax basis and book basis of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled.


the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 consists primarily of federal and state and local taxes attributable to GCP
 which
does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company. Effective with the acquisition of the additional 20.1% of GCP
as described in Note 4
 GCP will file as part of the U.S. federal consolidated income tax group for periods subsequent to the acquisition.


(benefit) for income taxes are as follows:



    
    
    
March 31
 2017
    
    
    
March 31
 2016
    
    
    
March 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
945
985
    
    
    
(385
672
    
    
    
(2
285
380
    

    
    
    
(251
663
    
    
    
129
814
    
    
    
90
466
    

    
    
    
694
322
    
    
    
(255
858
    
    
    
(2
194
914
    



comprised of the following:



    
    
    
March 31
 2017
    
    
    
March 31
 2016
    
    
    
March 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
617
000
    
    
    
1
183
000
    
    
    
608
589
    

    
    
    
(784
000
    
    
    
397
000
    
    
    
382
232
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
833
000
    
    
    
1
580
000
    
    
    
990
821
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(540
000
    
    
    
(148
152
    
    
    
214
958
    

    
    
    
9
702
    
    
    
19
000
    
    
    
73
220
    

    
    
    
(115
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(645
298
    
    
    
(129
152
    
    
    
288
178
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
077
000
    
    
    
1
034
848
    
    
    
823
547
    

    
    
    
(774
298
    
    
    
416
000
    
    
    
455
452
    

    
    
    
(115
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
187
702
    
    
    
1
450
848
    
    
    
1
278
999
    



current statutory federal income tax rate of 34% as follows:



    
    
Years ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State and local taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



NOL and deferred tax true-ups.


of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. Significant
components of the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
144
000
    

    
    
    
112
000
    
    
    
103
000
    

    
    
    
1
204
000
    
    
    
857
000
    

    
    
    
665
000
    
    
    
679
000
    

    
    
    
29
374
000
    
    
    
33
585
000
    

    
    
    
1
511
000
    
    
    
2
003
000
    

    
    
    
245
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
111
000
    
    
    
37
373
000
    

    
    
    
(32
621
000
    
    
    
(37
355
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
490
000
    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(994
000
    
    
    
(1
222
000
    

    
    
    
(6
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(48
766
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
048
766
    
    
    
(1
222
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(558
766
    
    
    
(1
204
000
    



tax assets
 management considers whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in those periods
in which temporary differences become deductible and/or net operating loss carryforwards can be utilized. The Company considers
the level of historical taxable income
 scheduled reversal of temporary differences
 tax planning strategies and projected future
taxable income in determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted. Based on historic operating losses and projected future
income
 the Company concluded that its net deferred tax assets are not realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. As such
 the
Company maintained a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. The Company&#8217;s valuation allowance decreased
by $4
734
000 during fiscal 2017.


 the Company
does not amortize indefinite lived-intangible assets for financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax liability of $559
000 relates
to the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of intangible assets.


 2017
 the Company had U.S.
federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $83
446
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire in Fiscal 2023 through
2037
 if not utilized. The annual utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be limited in future years due to the
&#8220;change in ownership provisions&#8221; set forth in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company also has Irish
net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $12
092
000
 which have an indefinite life.


 2017
 the Company has not provided
for U.S. federal and foreign withholding taxes on any excess of financial reporting over the tax basis of investments in foreign
subsidiaries
 as such earnings are indefinitely reinvested overseas. Generally
 such amounts become subject to U.S. taxation upon
the remittance of dividends and under certain other circumstances. Due to the complexities of the tax laws and assumptions that
would have to be made
 it is not practicable to estimate the amounts of income tax provisions that may be required.


amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 excluding interest and penalties
 is as follows:



Balance at March 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at March 31
 2017
    
    
18
000
    



2017
 the entire amount would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized. The Company records accrued interest and penalties related
to income tax matters in general and administrative expenses. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 interest and penalties on unrecognized
tax benefits were $2
000. The Company does not believe that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase
or decrease within the next 12 months.


examination by federal and state tax jurisdictions. The Company has various foreign subsidiaries for which tax years 2011 through
2017 remain open to examination in certain foreign tax jurisdictions.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]








 &#8212;
In July 2003
 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2003 Plan&#8221;)
 which provides for awards of
incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants
and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are granted with an exercise price at
or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant
 generally vest over a three to five year period
and expire ten years after the grant date.


 there were 2
000
000
shares of common stock available for distribution under the 2003 Plan. In January 2009
 the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved
an amendment to the 2003 Plan to increase the number of shares available under the 2003 Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to
establish the maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of August 2013
 no new awards
may be issued under the 2003 Plan.


 the Company&#8217;s
shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&#8220;2013 Plan&#8221;) which provides for an aggregate of 10
000
000
shares of the Company&#8217;s stock for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation
rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. In February 2017
 the Company&#8217;s
shareholders approved an amendment to the 2013 Plan to increase the number of shares available under the 2013 Plan from 10
000
000
to 20
000
000. As of March 31
 2017
 8
289
000 shares had been issued under the 2013 Plan
 with 11
711
000 shares remaining available
for issuance.


for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 amounted to $1
577
994
 $1
370
556 and $787
710
 respectively
 of which $495
775
$493
666 and $178
137
 respectively
 is included in selling expense and $1
082
219
 $876
890 and $609
573
 respectively
 is included
in general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. At March 31
 2017
 total
unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $3
348
495
 representing 6
546
375 unvested options. This cost is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.35 years. There were 671
028
 1
079
602 and 677
127 options exercised during
the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The Company did not recognize any related tax benefit for the years
ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 as the effects were de minimis.

 &#8212; A summary
of the options outstanding under the 2003 and 2013 Plans is as follows:



    
    
Years ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
508
086
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
988
188
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
174
007
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
280
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
622
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
525
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(671
028
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
079
602
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(677
127
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(318
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(23
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
033
692
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
798
558
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
508
086
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
988
188
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
285
121
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
931
813
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
064
133
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



to options outstanding and exercisable at March 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
303
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
303
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
403
354
    

    
    
    
7
132
458
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
783
396
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
223
876
    

    
    
    
5
299
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
137
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
644
688
    

    
    
    
586
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
391
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
121
620
    

    
    
    
2
471
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
664
375
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
798
558
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
285
121
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
393
538
    



31
 2017 were 9
285
121. The weighted average exercise price of these options was $0.55. The weighted average remaining life of
the options outstanding was 6.33 years and of the options exercisable was 4.87 years.


to the Company&#8217;s unvested options for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2014
    
    
5
662
560
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
525
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(954
083
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
309
422
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2015
    
    
4
924
055
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
622
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(12
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
958
282
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2016
    
    
5
576
273
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
280
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(138
250
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
171
648
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2017
    
    
6
546
375
    
    
    
    
    



and 2013 Plans is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and is affected by assumptions regarding
a number of complex and subjective variables. The use of an option pricing model also requires the use of a number of complex assumptions
including expected volatility
 risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on
the Company&#8217;s historical volatility and the volatility of a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option.
The expected term and vesting of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined
using the simplified method available under current guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve
in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the
past and does not plan to pay any dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires
the Company to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company estimates forfeitures based on its expectation of future experience while
considering its historical experience.


estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following weighted average assumptions:



    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 - In February
2017
 the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (&#8220;2017 ESPP&#8221;) which provides
for an aggregate of 3
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s stock reserved for issuance over the term of the 2017 ESPP. The purpose
of the 2017 ESPP is to provide incentives for present and future employees of the Company and any designated subsidiary to acquire
a proprietary interest in the Company through the purchase of shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. As of March 31
 2017
no shares had been acquired under the 2017 ESPP.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017








RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS



    
    
Pallini S.p.A. (&#8220;Pallini&#8221;)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 is a shareholder in the Company and one of the officers of Pallini served as a director of the Company until March 26
 2015. In January 2011
 CB-USA entered into an agreement (&#8220;New Agreement&#8221;) with Pallini regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The terms of the New Agreement were effective as of April 1
 2010.



party effective April 1
 2015. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company purchased goods from Pallini for $3
840
446.



    
    
In November 2008
 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
 under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&#8217;s executive vice president
 effective October 11
 2008 to serve as the Company&#8217;s president and chief executive officer and to provide certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr. Lampen in connection with providing such services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 30 days&#8217; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 Vector Group was paid $110
846
 $85
396 and $135
475
 respectively
 under this agreement. These charges have been included in general and administrative expense.




    
    
In November 2008
 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&#8220;LTS&#8221;) for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 LTS was paid $128
625
 $131
054 and $210
875
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr. Lampen
 the Company&#8217;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and four other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost
 M.D. who is the Chairman and principal shareholder of LTS.

    
    
    

    
    
As described in Note 8C
 in March 2013
 the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with certain related parties. As described in Notes 8D and 8E
 in October 2013 and March 2017
 the Company entered into various notes with certain related parties.

    
    
    

    
    
As described in Note 4 in March 2017
 the Company issued 1
800
000 shares of Common Stock to the Sellers and paid $20
000
000 to the Sellers in connection with the GCP Acquisition.















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017








COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES



    
    
The Company has entered into a supply agreement with an Irish distiller (&#8220;Irish Distillery&#8221;)
 which provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;900
386 or $961
756 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &#8364;837
164
 or $894
225
 has been purchased as of March 31
 2017. For the contract year ending June 30
 2018
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;1
017
189 or $1
086
520 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
 the Irish Distillery has the right to limit additional purchases above the commitment amount.




    
    
The Company has also entered into a supply agreement with the Irish Distillery
 which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;394
961 or $421
882 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &#8364;313
081
 or $334
421
 has been purchased as of March 31
 2017. For the year ending June 30
 2018
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;442
274 or $472
420 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
 the Irish Distillery has the right to limit additional purchases above the commitment amount.

    
    
    

    
    
The Company has entered into a supply agreement with a bourbon distiller
 which provides for the production of newly distilled bourbon whiskey through December 31
 2019. Under this agreement
 the distiller provides the Company with an agreed upon amount of original proof gallons of newly distilled bourbon whiskey
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company contracted and purchased approximately $2
053
750 in newly distilled bourbon. For the contract year ending December 31
 2017
 the Company originally contracted to purchase approximately $2
464
500 in newly distilled bourbon
 none of which had been purchased as of March 31
 2017. The Company is not obligated to pay the distiller for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
 the distiller has the right to limit additional purchases to ten percent above the commitment amount. In March 2017
 the distiller notified the Company of its intent to terminate the contract under its terms after the 2017 contract year
 and to limit the purchase amount for the 2017 contract year to the 2016 contract year amount. 

    
    
    

    
    
The Company has a distribution agreement with an international supplier to be the sole-producer of Celtic Honey
 one of the Company&#8217;s products
 for an indefinite period.

    
    
    

    
    
The Company leases office space in New York
 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010 and expires on February 29
 2020 and provides for monthly payments of $26
255. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and extends through October 31
 2019 and provides for monthly payments of &#8364;1
500 or $1
602 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on April 27
 2015 and extends through June 26
 2018 and provides for monthly payments of $3
440. The Company has also entered into non-cancelable operating leases for certain office equipment.



with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year are as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
384
994
    

    
    
    
360
982
    

    
    
    
321
514
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
067
490
    



rental payments
 the Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises.
Rent expense under operating leases amounted to approximately $477
460
 $335
047 and $359
714 for the years ended March 31
 2017
2016 and 2015
 respectively
 and is included in general and administrative expense.



    
    
As described in Note 8C
 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Credit Facility
 as amended in July 2012
 March 2013
 August 2013
 November 2013
 August 2014
 September 2014 and August 2015.




    
    
Except as set forth below
 the Company believes that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
 in the opinion of management after consultation with counsel
 is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.



in litigation from time to time relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. These claims
 even if not meritorious
could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017












    
    
 &#8212; The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents balances at various large financial institutions that
 at times
 may exceed federally and internationally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk.




    
    
    
&#8212; Sales to one
        customer
 the Southern Glazer&#8217;s Wine and Spirits of America
 Inc. family of companies
 accounted for approximately
 36.6%
        39.9% and 29.7% of the Company&#8217;s net sales for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 and approximately
        29.3% and 38.6% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.
        









The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017











segment &#8212; the sale of premium beverage alcohol. The Company&#8217;s product categories are rum
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
tequila and ginger beer
 a related non-alcoholic beverage product. The Company reports its operations in two geographic areas:
International and United States.


include revenues and assets generated in or held in the U.S. and foreign countries. The following table sets forth the amounts
and percentage of consolidated sales
 net
 consolidated income from operations
 consolidated net income (loss) attributable to
common shareholders
 consolidated income tax expense and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated
sales
 net by category.



    
    
Years ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Sales
 net:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
528
766
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
302
134
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
938
393
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
740
365
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
62
918
234
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
49
519
028
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total Consolidated Sales
 net
    
    
77
269
131
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
220
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
57
457
421
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(210
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(34
268
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
172
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
115
099
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
039
815
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
095
077
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
904
999
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
005
547
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
077
905
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(109
164
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
490
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(101
453
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(743
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
527
858
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
698
289
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(852
613
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
516
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
799
742
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income tax (expense)
 net:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(187
702
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
450
848
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
278
999
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Sales
 net by category:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
339
770
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
009
839
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
147
028
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
759
610
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
858
554
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
998
034
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
386
705
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
567
121
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
756
376
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
569
004
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
364
429
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
413
994
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
210
012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
198
330
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
208
845
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
004
029
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
222
095
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
933
144
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total Consolidated Sales
 net
    
    
77
269
131
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
220
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
57
457
421
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
As of March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
234
536
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
786
333
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
51
107
608
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
45
824
050
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
54
342
144
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
48
610
383
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017








QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
DATA



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales
 net
    
    
16
750
925
    
    
    
19
627
791
    
    
    
18
309
539
    
    
    
22
580
876
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
716
115
    
    
    
7
727
260
    
    
    
7
670
240
    
    
    
9
586
742
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(595
703
    
    
    
(489
854
    
    
    
892
364
    
    
    
699
725
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(170
116
    
    
    
(210
856
    
    
    
(469
798
    
    
    
(508
375
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(765
819
    
    
    
(700
710
    
    
    
422
566
    
    
    
191
350
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
160
521
947
    
    
    
160
698
696
    
    
    
160
963
862
    
    
    
161
065
685
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
160
521
947
    
    
    
160
698
696
    
    
    
165
245
935
    
    
    
165
878
218
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales
 net
    
    
16
513
079
    
    
    
18
536
509
    
    
    
17
207
372
    
    
    
19
963
408
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
627
314
    
    
    
7
056
402
    
    
    
6
702
095
    
    
    
8
167
759
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(850
144
    
    
    
(682
057
    
    
    
(595
911
    
    
    
421
406
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(273
518
    
    
    
(329
214
    
    
    
(211
792
    
    
    
4
862
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
123
662
    
    
    
(1
011
271
    
    
    
(807
703
    
    
    
426
268
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
157
535
571
    
    
    
159
774
811
    
    
    
160
031
891
    
    
    
160
167
121
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
157
535
571
    
    
    
159
774
811
    
    
    
160
031
891
    
    
    
167
331
808
    





































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017










    
 &#8212; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&#8220;the Company&#8221;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&#8220;CB-USA&#8221;) and McLain &#38; Kyne
 Ltd. (&#8220;McLain &#38; Kyne&#8221;)
 the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&#8220;CB-IRL&#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&#8217;s 80.1% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (&#8220;GCP&#8221;)
 with adjustments for income or loss allocated based upon percentage of ownership. The accounts of the subsidiaries have been included as of the date of acquisition. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.









    
 &#8212; The Company is principally engaged in the importation
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada
 Europe and Asia.









    
    
 &#8212; Goslings rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 an essential non-alcoholic ingredient in Goslings trademarked Dark &#8216;n Stormy 


&#8212;Premium
small batch bourbons: Jefferson&#8217;s
 Jefferson&#8217;s Reserve
 Jefferson&#8217;s Chef&#8217;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&#8217;s
Ocean Aged at Sea
 Jefferson&#8217;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&#8217;s Wood Experiments and Jefferson&#8217;s Presidential
Select
 Jefferson&#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&#8217;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink
cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions;
Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that
has been aged for 36 years
 Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle Whiskey; and the Arran Scotch Whiskeys:
the single malts
 including the 10 Years Old
 the 18 Years Old and special finishes
 as well as the official Robert Burns whiskeys.

&#8212; Pallini
Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&#8217;s
Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur
pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement.

&#8212; Boru
vodka
 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland.

&#8212; a
USDA certified organic
 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive
U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco
 reposado and a&#241;ejo.







    
    









    
 - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&#8217;s proportionate share of the investees&#8217; income
 losses and distributions. The Company assesses the carrying value of its equity investments when an indicator of a loss in value is present and records a loss in value of the investment when the assessment indicates that an other-than-temporary decline in the investment exists. The Company classifies its equity earnings of equity investments as a component of net income or loss.









    
 &#8212; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for doubtful accounts of $123
200
 $61
000 and $236
000
 respectively.









    
 &#8212; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
 and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states in the United States until such time as product is sold through to the retail channel.









    
    
&#160;&#8212; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging
 finished goods
 excise taxes and freight and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market requirements. A change to the carrying value of inventories is recorded in cost of goods sold. See Note 3.



31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $240
000
 $200
000
and $281
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances and write-offs on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily
in connection with spoilage and slow moving inventory
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as adjustments
to estimated freight costs and excise taxes and certain cost variances. The charges have been recorded as increases to Cost of
Sales in the respective years.



Revisions to March 31
 2016 Balance Sheet



    
Revisions to March 31
 2016 Balance Sheet
 2016 consolidated balance sheet for an error in the historical carrying value of inventory. The Company determined that inventory at March 31
 2016 was overstated by $1
493
130
 the cumulative result of changes in estimated freight costs and excise taxes and certain cost variances in prior years. The Company assessed the materiality of this error on previously issued consolidated financial statements and concluded that the error was immaterial to any one year. As a result
 inventory was decreased by $1
493
130 with accumulated deficit increased by $1
493
130 at March 31
 2016 on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 









    
&#160;&#8212; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statement of operations. Equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging from three to five years.









    
    
 &#8212; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.



Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 350
 &#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and
Other&#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting
units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine
whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
 the two-step impairment
test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes
in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most
significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and
discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s net assets
exceeds the unit&#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of
goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill
recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks
trade names and formulations are indefinite lived intangible assets not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment at
least annually. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset group allocated to each reporting unit
with its allocated carrying amount.


assessment at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each reporting
unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&#8217; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this assessment
 the Company
determined that no quantitative assessment was required.







    
 &#8212; Under ASC 310
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There were no impairments recorded during the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015.









    
 &#8212; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
347
121
 $2
635
430 and $2
574
471 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.









    
 &#8212; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States or other relevant jurisdiction and then transferred out of &#8220;bond.&#8221; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods. When the underlying products are sold &#8220;ex warehouse&#8221;
 the sales price reflects the taxes paid and the inventoried excise taxes and duties are charged to cost of sales.









    
 &#8212; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 the cost of the promotional goods is charged to cost of sales and dollars off invoice are a reduction to revenue.









    
 &#8212; The functional currency for the Company&#8217;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&#8221;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations.









    
    
 &#8212; ASC 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments&#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&#8217;s debt
 as compared to the current borrowing rates available to the Company.



are reported at fair value in accordance with authoritative guidance
 which accomplishes the following key objectives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. A financial instrument&#8217;s
categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The three levels of the valuation hierarchy are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
Level 2 &#8212; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.

    
    
    









    
    
 &#8212; Under ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. A valuation allowance is provided to the extent a deferred tax asset is not considered recoverable.



provisions of ASC 740 and as of March 31
 2017
 the Company had reserves for uncertain tax positions (including related interest
and penalties) for various state and local tax issues of $20
666. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain
tax positions in general and administrative expense.







    
 &#8212; The costs of research
 development and product improvement are charged to expense as incurred and are included in selling expense.









    
&#8212; Advertising and marketing costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
486
796
 $4
960
301 and $3
184
392 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.









    
 &#8212; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 amortization and expense accruals.









    
    
    
        
        &#8212; In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
 &#8220;Compensation &#8212; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification
        Accounting.&#8221; ASU 2017-09 provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award
        require an entity to apply modification accounting. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early
        adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance
        will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2017-05
 &#8220;Other Income &#8212; Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying
        the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets.&#8221; ASU 2017-05 clarifies
        the scope and accounting of a financial asset that meets the definition of an &#8220;in-substance nonfinancial asset&#8221; and
        defines the term &#8220;in-substance nonfinancial asset.&#8221; ASU 2017-05 also adds guidance for partial sales of nonfinancial
        assets. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
        evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2017-04
 &#8220;Intangibles &#8212; Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (Topic 350).&#8221; ASU 2017-04
        removes Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2020
 with early adoption
        permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have
        on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2017-01
 &#8220;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business.&#8221; This ASU
 which must be
        applied prospectively
 provides a narrower framework to be used to determine if a set of assets and activities constitutes a business
        than under current guidance and is generally expected to result in greater consistency in the application of ASC Topic 805
 Business
        Combinations. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
        evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2016-18
 &#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash
 a consensus of the FASB&#8217;s Emerging Issues Task
        Force (the &#8220;Task Force&#8221;).&#8221; The new standard requires that the statement of cash flows explain the change during
        the period in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents.
        Entities will also be required to reconcile such total to amounts on the balance sheet and disclose the nature of the restrictions.
        This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2016-16
 &#8220;Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory.&#8221; This ASU removes the prohibition against
        the immediate recognition of the current and deferred income tax effects of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory.
        This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. Entities must apply a modified retrospective
        basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is
        currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results
        of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2016-15
 &#8220;Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&#8221;
 which provides guidance
        on eight cash flow classification issues with the objective of reducing differences in practice. The new standard is effective
        for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. Adoption is required to be on a retrospective basis
 unless
        impracticable for any of the amendments
 in which case a prospective application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
        &#8220;Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&#8221;
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee
        share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well
        as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017. The Company
        is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s
        results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2016-02
 &#8220;Leases.&#8221; The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset
        and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either
        finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard
        is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital
        and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
        statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the
        impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.




    
    
    

 the FASB issued ASU
        2016-01
 &#8220;Financial Instruments&#8212;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
        Liabilities&#8221;
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes
        to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
        and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies guidance related to
        the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale
        debt securities. The new standard is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018
 and upon adoption
 an entity should apply the
        amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which
        the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial
        liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company
        is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s
        results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
        &#8220;Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&#8221;
 which changes the measurement principle for inventory
        from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling
        prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new
        guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted.
        The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No.
        2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221;
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance
        includes the required steps to achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
        goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
        for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for the Company as of April 1
 2018. The Company is currently evaluating
        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

        other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
        condensed consolidated financial statements.









    
    
        
        &#8212; In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-03
 &#8220;Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (Topic 250) and Investments
        - Equity Method and Joint Ventures&#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2017-03 provide additional detail surrounding disclosures required
        related to adoption of new pronouncements. The ASU is effective for the periods of each related pronouncement. The Company adopted
        this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that
        the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial
        condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2015-17
 &#8220;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.&#8221; ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred
        taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective
        for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years.
        The guidance may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively and early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to adopt ASU
        2015-17 early
 and applied it retrospectively as allowed by the standard. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material effect
        on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        2015-16
 &#8220;Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments&#8221;
 which requires
        adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period
        to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of
        changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated
        as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires the disclosure of the nature and amount
        of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately the amounts in current-period income statement
        line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized
        as of the acquisition date. The guidance became effective for the Company beginning April 1
 2016. The Company will apply the guidance
        prospectively for all future business combinations.
        

 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.
        2015-15
 &#8220;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs
        Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement&#8221; at June 18
 2015
        EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements.
        Commitment fees paid to the lender represent the benefit of being able to access capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
        are not in the scope of the new guidance and it is appropriate to present such fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless
        of whether or not there are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual
        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016. The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not
        have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
        &#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2015-03&#8221;)
 which requires that debt issuance
        costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of
        that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected.
        Upon adoption
 the Company applied the new guidance on a retrospective basis and adjusted the balance sheet of each individual
        period presented to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance
 reclassifying $100
049 and $170
895 in debt
        issuance costs from Other Assets to Credit Facility
 net at March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 on the accompanying Consolidated
        Balance Sheet.
        

 the FASB issued ASU
        No. 2014-15
 &#8220;Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#8221;
 which requires
        management to assess a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain
        circumstances. Before this new standard
 there was minimal guidance in U.S. GAAP specific to going concern. Under the new standard
        disclosures are required when conditions give rise to substantial doubt about a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going
        concern within one year from the financial statement issuance date. This guidance was effective for the Company beginning with
        its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual
        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017. The Company determined that the adoption of this guidance did not
        have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.





























































































































The entire disclosure for the organization and operation of an entity's business
 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).




























The entire disclosure for reporting accounting changes
 excludes error corrections information.
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for equity method of accounting for investments and other interests. Investment includes
 but is not limited to
 unconsolidated subsidiary
 corporate joint venture
 noncontrolling interest in real estate venture
 limited partnership
 and limited liability company. Information includes
 but is not limited to
 ownership percentage
 reason equity method is or is not considered appropriate
 and accounting policy election for distribution received.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017









in calculating diluted net loss per share are as follows:



    
    
Years ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
798
558
    
    
    
13
508
086
    
    
    
11
988
188
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
000
    

    
    
    
1
861
111
    
    
    
1
861
111
    
    
    
1
861
111
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
659
669
    
    
    
15
369
197
    
    
    
13
969
299
    





































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017










    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
714
225
    
    
    
11
976
561
    

    
    
    
13
086
855
    
    
    
13
763
631
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
801
080
    
    
    
25
740
192
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Equipment
 Net (Tables)


Mar. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment





    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
536
064
    
    
    
2
796
064
    

    
    
    
112
397
    
    
    
112
676
    

    
    
    
42
730
    
    
    
42
730
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
691
191
    
    
    
2
951
470
    

    
    
    
1
781
411
    
    
    
2
075
215
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
909
780
    
    
    
876
255
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017












    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
170
000
    
    
    
170
000
    

    
    
    
631
693
    
    
    
631
693
    

    
    
    
8
271
555
    
    
    
8
271
555
    

    
    
    
186
668
    
    
    
185
207
    

    
    
    
994
000
    
    
    
994
000
    

    
    
    
55
460
    
    
    
55
460
    

    
    
    
10
309
376
    
    
    
10
307
915
    

    
    
    
8
035
018
    
    
    
7
372
585
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
274
358
    
    
    
2
935
330
    

    
    
    
4
112
972
    
    
    
4
112
972
    

    
    
    
6
387
330
    
    
    
7
048
302
    



&#8212; indefinite lived consists of product formulations and the Company&#8217;s relationships with its distillers.









    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
170
000
    
    
    
170
000
    

    
    
    
367
294
    
    
    
331
366
    

    
    
    
6
617
062
    
    
    
6
065
111
    

    
    
    
37
478
    
    
    
29
188
    

    
    
    
843
184
    
    
    
776
920
    

    
    
    
8
035
018
    
    
    
7
372
585
    





Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense


for each of the next five fiscal years is as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
246
884
    

    
    
    
    
228
551
    

    
    
    
    
190
384
    

    
    
    
    
188
246
    

    
    
    
    
183
769
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
037
834
    


































































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017










    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
211
580
    
    
    
211
580
    

    
    
    
13
133
124
    
    
    
12
088
594
    

    
    
    
1
675
000
    
    
    
1
675
000
    

    
    
    
20
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
019
704
    
    
    
13
975
174
    




    
    
The Company has arranged various credit facilities aggregating &#8364;310
305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 a revolving credit facility and Company credit cards. These credit facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;0 at each of March 31
 2017 and 2016.




    
    
In December 2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#8220;GCP Note&#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling&#8217;s Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $211
580 of principal due on the GCP Note was included in long-term liabilities.




    
    
In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&#8220;Keltic&#8221;)
 which
 as amended
 provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a facility of up to $19.0 million (the &#8220;Credit Facility&#8221;) for the purpose of providing the Company with working capital.



 the Company
and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Amended Agreement&#8221;) with
ACF FinCo I LP (&#8220;ACF&#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility
and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing
Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the
inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate
plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2017
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.5%. The
monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing
for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120
000 amendment fee in connection with
the execution of the Amended Agreement.&#160;


the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers
of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&#8217;s
Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including
Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director
of the Company and the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director
of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 and Phillip Frost M.D.
 a principal
shareholder and director
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
the Company
 CB-USA and ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic; (ii) an Amended and Restated Term Note; and (iii) an Amended and
Restated Revolving Credit Note.


Agreement
 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
2013 (as amended
 the &#8220;Subordination Agreement&#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic
 and certain
junior lenders to the Company; neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Subordination Agreement.


 the Company
and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit
in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &#8220;Purchased Inventory
Sublimit&#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July
31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole
or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit
replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest
rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c)
7.50%. As of March 31
 2017
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 8.25%. The monthly facility fee
remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with
respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45
000 commitment fee in connection with the Loan
Agreement Amendment.


Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with
(a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior
lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate
of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements
by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF and (ii) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note.


to entering into the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain related parties of the
Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the
sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The
participation agreement provides that ACF&#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be
limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the
Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the
junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to
pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to
pay a commitment fee of $18
000 on each anniversary of the effective date until the junior participants&#8217; obligations are
terminated pursuant to the participation agreement.


referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA may
borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement
and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest at 6% through December 14
 2016
then 6.25% through March 15
 2017
 then 6.5% through March 31
 2017 on the Amended Agreement. For the year ended March 31
 2016
the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016 on
the Amended Agreement. For the year ended March 31
 2017
 the Company paid interest at 7.75% through December 14
 2016
 and then
at 8.0% through March 15
 2017
 then 8.25% through March 31
 2017 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March
31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased
Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal
amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &#8220;Default&#8221; or &#8220;Event of
Default&#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum
above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also
receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance
of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement
contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative
and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#8217;s
ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations
of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets
of the Borrower. At March 31
 2017
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects
 with the covenants under the Amended Agreement.


 the Company
used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests
in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. In January 2017
 the Company acquired
$1
030
000 in aged bulk bourbon under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with additional borrowings from certain related parties
of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($51
500)
 Richard J. Lampen ($34
333)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($17
167)
Brian L. Heller ($14
592)
 and Alfred J. Small ($5
150)
 as junior participants in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit with respect
to such purchase. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum.


 2017 and 2016
$13
133
124 and $12
088
594
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2017
and 2016
 there was $5
866
876 and $6
911
406
 respectively
 in potential availability under the Credit Facility. In connection
with the adoption of ASU 2015-03
 the Company included $100
049 and $170
895 of debt issuance costs at March 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively
 as direct deductions from the carrying amount of the related debt liability.



    
    
In October 2013
 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 the Convertible Notes.



Notes included related parties of the Company
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group
Ltd. ($200
000).


all or any part of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily volume of the Company&#8217;s
common stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds
$50
000 per trading day and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for at least twenty (20) trading days during
any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current Conversion Price. Any forced conversion will be
applied ratably to the holders of all Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement based on each holder&#8217;s
then-current note holdings.


Purchase Agreement
 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement
 by
and among ACF and certain other junior lenders to the Company; the Company is not a party to the Subordination Agreement.


 2017
and 2016
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities
 respectively.



    
    
In March 2017
 the Company issued a promissory note to Frost Nevada Investments Trust (the &#8220;Holder&#8221;)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 in the aggregate principal amount of $20
000
000 (the &#8220;Subordinated Note&#8221;). The purpose of Company&#8217;s issuance of the Subordinated Note was to finance the GCP Share Acquisition. The Subordinated Note bears interest quarterly at the rate of 11% per annum. The principal and interest incurred thereon shall be due and payable in full on March 15
 2019. All claims of the Holder to principal
 interest and any other amounts owed under the Subordinated Note are subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company existing as of the date of the Subordinated Note. The Subordinated Note contains customary events of default and may be prepaid by the Company
 in whole or in part
 without penalty
 at any time.








follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
675
000
    

    
    
    
13
133
124
    

    
    
    
211
580
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
019
704
    












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017









provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows:



    
    
    
March 31
 2017
    
    
    
March 31
 2016
    
    
    
March 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
945
985
    
    
    
(385
672
    
    
    
(2
285
380
    

    
    
    
(251
663
    
    
    
129
814
    
    
    
90
466
    

    
    
    
694
322
    
    
    
(255
858
    
    
    
(2
194
914
    








is comprised of the following:



    
    
    
March 31
 2017
    
    
    
March 31
 2016
    
    
    
March 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
617
000
    
    
    
1
183
000
    
    
    
608
589
    

    
    
    
(784
000
    
    
    
397
000
    
    
    
382
232
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
833
000
    
    
    
1
580
000
    
    
    
990
821
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(540
000
    
    
    
(148
152
    
    
    
214
958
    

    
    
    
9
702
    
    
    
19
000
    
    
    
73
220
    

    
    
    
(115
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(645
298
    
    
    
(129
152
    
    
    
288
178
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
077
000
    
    
    
1
034
848
    
    
    
823
547
    

    
    
    
(774
298
    
    
    
416
000
    
    
    
455
452
    

    
    
    
(115
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
187
702
    
    
    
1
450
848
    
    
    
1
278
999
    








current statutory federal income tax rate of 34% as follows:



    
    
Years ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State and local taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



NOL and deferred tax true-ups.






deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
144
000
    

    
    
    
112
000
    
    
    
103
000
    

    
    
    
1
204
000
    
    
    
857
000
    

    
    
    
665
000
    
    
    
679
000
    

    
    
    
29
374
000
    
    
    
33
585
000
    

    
    
    
1
511
000
    
    
    
2
003
000
    

    
    
    
245
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
111
000
    
    
    
37
373
000
    

    
    
    
(32
621
000
    
    
    
(37
355
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
490
000
    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(994
000
    
    
    
(1
222
000
    

    
    
    
(6
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(48
766
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
048
766
    
    
    
(1
222
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(558
766
    
    
    
(1
204
000
    








ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 excluding interest and penalties
 is as follows:



Balance at March 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at March 31
 2017
    
    
18
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]




Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options Outstanding


under the 2003 and 2013 Plans is as follows:



    
    
Years ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
508
086
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
988
188
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
174
007
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
280
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
622
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
525
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(671
028
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
079
602
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(677
127
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(318
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(23
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
033
692
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
798
558
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
508
086
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
988
188
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
285
121
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
931
813
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
064
133
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








to options outstanding and exercisable at March 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
303
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
303
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
403
354
    

    
    
    
7
132
458
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
783
396
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
223
876
    

    
    
    
5
299
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
137
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
644
688
    

    
    
    
586
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
391
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
121
620
    

    
    
    
2
471
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
664
375
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
798
558
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
285
121
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
393
538
    








to the Company&#8217;s unvested options for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2014
    
    
5
662
560
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
525
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(954
083
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
309
422
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2015
    
    
4
924
055
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
622
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(12
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
958
282
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2016
    
    
5
576
273
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
280
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(138
250
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
171
648
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested at March 31
 2017
    
    
6
546
375
    
    
    
    
    





Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions


was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following weighted average assumptions:



    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of components of a stock option or other award plan under which equity-based compensation is awarded to employees
 typically comprised of the amount of unearned compensation (deferred compensation cost)
 compensation expense
 and changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan.  Disclosure may also include nature and general terms of such arrangements that existed during the period and potential effects of those arrangements on shareholders
 effect of compensation cost arising from equity-based payment arrangements on the income statement
 method of estimating the fair value of the goods or services received
 or the fair value of the equity instruments granted
 during the period
 cash flow effects resulting from equity-based payment arrangements and
 for registrants that accelerate vesting of out of the money share options
 reasons for the decision to accelerate.

























































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017









with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year are as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
384
994
    

    
    
    
360
982
    

    
    
    
321
514
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
067
490
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017






Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment


amounts and percentage of consolidated sales
 net
 consolidated income from operations
 consolidated net income (loss) attributable
to common shareholders
 consolidated income tax expense and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated
sales
 net by category.



    
    
Years ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Sales
 net:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
528
766
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
302
134
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
938
393
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
740
365
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
62
918
234
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
49
519
028
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total Consolidated Sales
 net
    
    
77
269
131
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
220
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
57
457
421
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(210
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(34
268
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
172
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
115
099
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
039
815
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
095
077
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
904
999
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
005
547
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
077
905
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(109
164
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
490
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(101
453
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(743
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
527
858
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
698
289
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(852
613
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
516
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
799
742
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income tax (expense)
 net:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(187
702
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
450
848
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
278
999
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Sales
 net by category:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
339
770
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
009
839
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
147
028
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
759
610
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
858
554
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
998
034
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
386
705
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
567
121
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
756
376
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
569
004
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
364
429
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
413
994
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
210
012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
198
330
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
208
845
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
004
029
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
222
095
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
933
144
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total Consolidated Sales
 net
    
    
77
269
131
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
220
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
57
457
421
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
As of March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
234
536
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
786
333
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
51
107
608
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
45
824
050
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
54
342
144
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
48
610
383
    
    
    
    
    









Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017










    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales
 net
    
    
16
750
925
    
    
    
19
627
791
    
    
    
18
309
539
    
    
    
22
580
876
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
716
115
    
    
    
7
727
260
    
    
    
7
670
240
    
    
    
9
586
742
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(595
703
    
    
    
(489
854
    
    
    
892
364
    
    
    
699
725
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(170
116
    
    
    
(210
856
    
    
    
(469
798
    
    
    
(508
375
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(765
819
    
    
    
(700
710
    
    
    
422
566
    
    
    
191
350
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
160
521
947
    
    
    
160
698
696
    
    
    
160
963
862
    
    
    
161
065
685
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
160
521
947
    
    
    
160
698
696
    
    
    
165
245
935
    
    
    
165
878
218
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales
 net
    
    
16
513
079
    
    
    
18
536
509
    
    
    
17
207
372
    
    
    
19
963
408
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
627
314
    
    
    
7
056
402
    
    
    
6
702
095
    
    
    
8
167
759
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(850
144
    
    
    
(682
057
    
    
    
(595
911
    
    
    
421
406
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(273
518
    
    
    
(329
214
    
    
    
(211
792
    
    
    
4
862
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
123
662
    
    
    
(1
011
271
    
    
    
(807
703
    
    
    
426
268
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
157
535
571
    
    
    
159
774
811
    
    
    
160
031
891
    
    
    
160
167
121
    

Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
157
535
571
    
    
    
159
774
811
    
    
    
160
031
891
    
    
    
167
331
808
    





































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015




200


000


000





000


000


000







493
130









493
130









493
130





Property
 plant and equipment
 depreciation methods

















Shipping
 handling and transportation costs

347
121


635
430


574
471





666









486
796


960
301


184
392





049


895














Property
 plant and equipment
 estimated useful lives

















Property
 plant and equipment
 estimated useful lives

















Equity method investee
 cumulative percentage of ownership interest










000


































































































This element represents that
 the amount of reversal of provision for obsolete inventory.




























Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.






















































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015




659
669


369
197


969
299














798
558


508
086


988
188


















000














861
111


861
111


861
111


































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











Debt instrument
 interest rate












Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015































900
819


441
432


333
763







































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016











714
225


976
561





086
855


763
631





801
080


740
192



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


























448
000















375)


798)


856)


116)


862


792)


214)


518)


359
145


662


829











479
512








353
191








479
512


353
191





Payments of ordinary dividends
 noncontrolling interest

























000





























430


667













097








667








097


667




























































232
824






























































215
176






































Number of stock issued during period acquisitions
 shares























000







Equity method interest
 percentage






































000
000
















000
000































800
000







Income (loss) from subsidiaries
 before tax























762
130


475
006


573



























359
145


662


829











479
512








353
191








479
512


353
191







500
000


500
000


























































Investment income
 dividend



000


























































Payments of ordinary dividends
 noncontrolling interest

000


000


























































Equity method interest
 percentage





























































Equity method interest
 percentage




































000

















































430


667













097








667








097


667




















































































































































































































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.



















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Equipment
 Net (Details Narrative) - USD ($)



Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]










381


702


683













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Equipment
 Net - Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








536
064


796
064





397


676





730


730



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

691
191


951
470





781
411


075
215





780


255




































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.





















































































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015













226


226







712


811


769







The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016













000


000






693


693






271
555


271
555






668


207






000


000






460


460



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Gross


309
376


307
915






035
018


372
585






274
358


935
330






112
972


112
972



Total intangible assets
 net


387
330


048
302












Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a brand to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of legal rights to distribute a product or products
 often within specific geographical areas or supply channels
 for a specified period of time
 including reasonably expected renewal periods.

























































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of the costs pertaining to the exclusive legal rights granted to the owner of the patent to exploit an invention or a process for a period of time specified by law. Such costs may have been expended to directly apply and receive patent rights
 or to acquire such rights.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.
























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016




035
018


372
585












000


000












294


366












617
062


065
111












478


188












184


920







Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense (Details) - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016




274
358


935
330












884







551







384







246







769







037
834









Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized in the remainder of the fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























455




076




















305




890







Amount of cash and cash equivalents restricted as to withdrawal or usage
 classified as noncurrent. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016





019
704


975
174






























580


580














133
124


088
594














675
000


675
000














000
000









305 or $331
455 (translated at the March 31
 2017 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors' insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 a revolving credit facility and Company credit cards. These credit facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender's AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;0 at each of March 31





 GCP issued a promissory note (the GCP Note) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At each of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 $211





 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 which
 as amended





 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the Convertible Notes). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the Conversion Price). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on





 the Company issued a promissory note to Frost Nevada Investments Trust (the Holder)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 in the aggregate principal amount of $20
000
000 (the Subordinated Note). The purpose of Company's issuance of the Subordinated Note was to finance the GCP Share Acquisition. The Subordinated Note bears interest quarterly at the rate of 11% per annum. The principal and interest incurred thereon shall be due and payable in full on March 15
 2019. All claims of the Holder to principal
 interest and any other amounts owed under the Subordinated Note are subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company existing as of the date of the Subordinated Note. The Subordinated Note contains customary events of default and may be prepaid by the Company
 in whole or in part
 without penalty








Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Aug. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2009
Aug. 31
 2015
Oct. 31
 2013
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Aug. 30
 2011


Line of credit
 current






















Notes payable
 noncurrent









580


580

















000
000

















Due to other related parties
 current









269


813





















900
819


441
432




333
763







Debt instrument
 interest rate






















Line of credit facility
 remaining borrowing capacity









866
876


911
406











Debt issuance costs
 net









049


895











Convertible notes payable
 noncurrent









675
000


675
000


































Debt instrument
 convertible
 if-converted value in excess of principal









000



























































Due to other related parties
 current









000




500
































Debt instrument
 maturity date









  2019













Debt instrument
 interest rate






















Convertible notes payable
 noncurrent









000
000













Mark E. Andrews
 III [Member]






















Notes payable
 noncurrent









000













Due to other related parties
 current









000




167
































Notes payable
 noncurrent









000













Due to other related parties
 current









000




333
































Due to other related parties
 current









000




150
































Due to other related parties
 current













592
































Notes payable
 noncurrent









000




































Notes payable
 noncurrent









000




































Notes payable
 noncurrent









000




































Notes payable
 noncurrent









000




































Line of credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity



















000
000


























Line of credit facility
 interest rate description






















Equity method interest
 percentage






















Debt instrument
 interest rate during period






















Amended Agreement [Member] | December 14
 2016 [Member]






















Debt instrument
 interest rate during period






















Amended Agreement [Member] | March 15
 2017 [Member]






















Debt instrument
 interest rate during period






















Amended Agreement [Member] | August 9
 2015 [Member]






















Debt instrument
 interest rate during period






















Amended Agreement [Member] | December 15
 2015 [Member]






















Debt instrument
 interest rate during period













































Line of credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity

000
000




000
000










































000
000




000
000










































000
000




000
000








































Line of credit facility
 interest rate during period






















Line of credit facility
 expiration date









  2019













Line of credit facility
 interest rate description

 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. 






















































000















000








000






































900
000























000












































Line of credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity

000
000




000
000

















Debt instrument
 interest rate during period




































030
000









Debt instrument
 interest rate






















Purchased Inventory Sublimit [Member] | December 14
 2016 [Member]






















Debt instrument
 interest rate during period






















Purchased Inventory Sublimit [Member] | March 15
 2017 [Member]






















Debt instrument
 interest rate during period






















Purchased Inventory Sublimit [Member] | December 15
 2015 [Member]






















Debt instrument
 interest rate during period













































Debt instrument
 maturity date







  2018















Debt instrument
 interest rate






























125
000















Debt instrument
 convertible
 conversion price













































Notes payable
 noncurrent



580






580


580











Debt instrument
 maturity date



  2020



















Debt instrument
 interest rate at period end






















Other accrued liabilities
 noncurrent









579


579


































Line of credit
 current













































Line of credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity









455













Line of credit facility
 interest rate during period













































Line of credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity









305




































Line of credit facility
 interest rate during period






















Line of credit facility
 interest rate description









 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%.













Line of Credit Facility
 Amendment Fees
 Amount









000













Debt instrument
 interest rate during period
































000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default)













Long-term debt
 gross









133
124


088
594


































Line of credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity

















000
000























000
000





Line of credit facility
 expiration date









  2016




































Line of credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity

















000
000























000
000





Line of credit facility
 expiration date









  2019





































































































































Line of Credit Facility
 Amendment Fees
 Amount













































































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.

























































The amount by which the convertible debt's if-converted value exceeds its principle amount at the balance sheet date
 regardless of whether the instrument is currently convertible. This element applies to public companies only.



















































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount payable to related parties classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Description of the interest rate for the amounts borrowed under the credit facility
 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of uncollateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016


















675
000







133
124







580














019
704


975
174



































Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Sep. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014
Nov. 30
 2013
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


















251
989


319
915



Sale of stock issued during period
 value















127
113


133
568

















355


876


347



Payments of ordinary dividends
 noncontrolling interest















000


























Sale of stock issued during period
 shares













800
000







Sale of stock issued during period
 value













000
000




























Sale of stock issued during period
 shares













800
000









500
000






500
000


































Payments of ordinary dividends
 noncontrolling interest

000






000


































Stock issued during period
 value
 conversion of convertible securities

















000



Debt conversion
 interest amount

















417



Stock issued during period
 shares
 conversion of convertible securities

















574













































Intercompany agreements
 description



 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional $7
500 per calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however
 that such reimbursement amount shall not exceed 8% of the aggregate gross proceeds received by the Company under the 2014 Distribution Agreement.

















Sale of stock issued during period
 shares











290
581




119
282





Sale of stock issued during period
 value











088
674




251
989

















149




876






























000
000










700
000




























Sale of stock issued during period
 shares









247
343











Sale of stock issued during period
 value









231
241





















198






































000
000







































































































































Description of product support
 consulting
 business
 or other advisory service agreements entered into between the managing member or general partner and the LLC or LP
 affiliate of the managing member or general partner
 or affiliate of the LLC or LP. Includes a description of the key provisions of such agreements and the amount of compensation for such services during the accounting period.






















































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015













734
000







Deferred tax liabilities
 intangible assets

000)


222
000)





Income tax
 interest and penalties

666

























Deferred tax liabilities
 intangible assets

000







Income tax
 interest and penalties

000
















Net
 operating loss carryforwards

446
000

























Net
 operating loss carryforwards

092
000











The expiration Term of each operating loss carryforward included in total operating loss carryforwards
 or the applicable range of such expiration Period.




























Amount of valuation allowance of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
 classified as current.



















































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015













985


672)


285
380)





663)


814


466





234


858)


194
914)
































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.




























The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











Federal
 Current

617
000


183
000


589



State and Local
 Current

000)


000


232



Foreign
 Current








Total
 Current

000


580
000


821



Federal
 Deferred

000)


152)


958



State and Local
 Deferred

702


000


220



Foreign
 Deferred

000)







Total
 Deferred

235)


152)


178



Federal
 Total

077
000


034
848


547



State and Local
 Total

298)


000


452



Foreign
 Total

000)









702


450
848


278
999






































































































































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015












Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%















































































State and local taxes
 net of federal benefit




































































































































































































































































Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority interest income (expense)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 change in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016













000





000


000





204
000


000





000


000





374
000


585
000





511
000


003
000





000


000





111
000


373
000





621
000)


355
000)





000


000





000)


222
000)





000)







766)







048
766)


222
000)





766)


204
000)





















































































































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)





















































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards
 classified as other.






















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.






















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Balance at March 31
 2016

000























Balance at March 31
 2017

000



































Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Other.





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Oct. 31
 2012
Jul. 31
 2003




577
994


370
556


710









348
495













546
375


























285
121





































Weighted average remaining life of options outstanding
 exercisable

























Number of common stock issued
 shares



000
000
























028


079
602


127






















775


666


137






















082
219


890


573






























000
000


















000
000


























000
000
























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 number of shares authorized







000
000







289
000













711
000
































000
000


























000
000









Aggregate unrecognized number of option awards made to employees under a stock option plan or plans
 that have yet to vest.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Stock-Based Compensation - Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options Outstanding (Details) - $ / shares



Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


Shares
 Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period

798
558







Shares
 Exercisable at period end

285
121







Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable at period end

















Shares
 Outstanding at beginning of year

508
086


988
188


174
007



Shares
 Granted

280
000


622
500


525
000



Shares
 Exercised

028)


079
602)


127)



Shares
 Forfeited

500)


000)


033
692)



Shares
 Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period

798
558


508
086


988
188



Shares
 Exercisable at period end

285
121


931
813


064
133



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding at beginning of year








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable at period end















































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.
























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Options outstanding
 shares | shares

798
558



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining life in years




Options exercisable
 shares | shares

285
121



Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price






393
538








Range of excercise prices
 lower limit




Range of excercise prices
 upper limit




Options outstanding
 shares | shares

100



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining life in years




Options exercisable
 shares | shares

100



Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price






354








Range of excercise prices
 lower limit




Range of excercise prices
 upper limit




Options outstanding
 shares | shares

132
458



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining life in years




Options exercisable
 shares | shares

783
396



Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price






223
876








Range of excercise prices
 lower limit




Range of excercise prices
 upper limit




Options outstanding
 shares | shares

299
500



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining life in years




Options exercisable
 shares | shares

137
250



Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price






688








Range of excercise prices
 lower limit




Range of excercise prices
 upper limit




Options outstanding
 shares | shares

000



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining life in years




Options exercisable
 shares | shares

000



Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price






620








Range of excercise prices
 lower limit




Range of excercise prices
 upper limit




Options outstanding
 shares | shares

471
500



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining life in years




Options exercisable
 shares | shares

375



Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price














Range of excercise prices
 lower limit




Range of excercise prices
 upper limit




Options outstanding
 shares | shares

000



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining life in years




Options exercisable
 shares | shares

000



Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price







































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.



















































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]








Shares
 Unvested at beginning of the year

576
273


924
055


662
560



Shares
 Granted

280
000


622
500


525
000



Shares
 Canceled or expired

250)


000)


083)



Shares
 Vested

171
648)


958
282)


309
422)



Shares
 Unvested at end of the year

546
375


576
273


924
055



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Unvested at beginning of the year








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Canceled or expired








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Vested








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Unvested at end of the year








































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Stock-Based Compensation - Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions (Details)



Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015




















































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015






127
113


133
568












Related party transaction
 purchases from related party

840
446


















000
















Related party transaction
 expenses from transactions with related party

846


396


475












Related party transaction
 expenses from transactions with related party

625


054


875














800
000









000
000
















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































Operating leases
 rent expense

460




047


714














Operating leases
 income statement
 contingent revenue

255











  2020


  2020


















Operating leases
 income statement
 contingent revenue

602











  2019


  2019







Houston
 TX [Member]










Operating leases
 income statement
 contingent revenue

440











  2018


  2018


















Long-term purchase commitment
 amount

464
500




053
750
















Operating leases
 income statement
 contingent revenue | &#8364;



500


















Long-term purchase commitment
 amount

420











  2018


  2018


















Long-term purchase commitment
 amount | &#8364;



274





























Long-term purchase commitment
 amount

756











  2017


  2017









225




















Long-term purchase commitment
 amount | &#8364;



386











164


















Long-term purchase commitment
 amount

086
520











  2018


  2018


















Long-term purchase commitment
 amount | &#8364;



017
189





























Long-term purchase commitment
 amount

882











  2017


  2017









421




















Long-term purchase commitment
 amount | &#8364;



961











081


































































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Amount of contingent rental revenue recognized for the period under lease
 based on the occurrences of an event or condition.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















994





982





514





067
490
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


Concentration risk
 percentage








Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]








Concentration risk
 percentage

















Concentration risk
 percentage












For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Geographic Information - Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment (Details) - USD ($)




Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015




























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















269
131


220
368


457
421



Concentration Risk
 Percentage












































904
999


005
547


077
905)



Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage




























350


566


710)


819)


268


703)


011
271)


123
662)


613)


516
368)


799
742)





























Income tax (expense)
 net


















702)


450
848)


278
999)






342
144








610
383








342
144


610
383



















































































Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















339
770


009
839


147
028























































Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















759
610


858
554


998
034























































Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















386
705


567
121


756
376























































Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















569
004


364
429


413
994























































Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















012


330


845























































Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















004
029


222
095


933
144























































Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















528
766


302
134


938
393






















100)


268)


172



Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage












































164)


490


453)
































234
536








786
333








234
536


786
333



















































































Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















740
365


918
234


519
028






















115
099


039
815


095
077)



Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage












































449)


527
858)


698
289)





























Income tax (expense)
 net


















593)


450
848)


278
999)



Income tax (expense)
 net: Percentage




























107
608








824
050








107
608


824
050































Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Whiskey [Member]



















































Concentration Risk
 Percentage

























Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Rum [Member]



















































Concentration Risk
 Percentage

























Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Liqueurs [Member]



















































Concentration Risk
 Percentage

























Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Vodka [Member]



















































Concentration Risk
 Percentage

























Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Tequila [Member]



















































Concentration Risk
 Percentage

























Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Ginger Beer [Member]



















































Concentration Risk
 Percentage

























Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Foreign Tax Authority [Member]



















































Concentration Risk
 Percentage

























Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Domestic Tax Authority [Member]



















































Concentration Risk
 Percentage




























 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $7
645
789
 $7
451
569 and $6
754
453 for the years ended March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015




































Income tax expense (benefit)
 percentage.




























Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest
 percentage






















































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.






















































































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015



























Sales
 net

580
876


309
539


627
791


750
925


963
408


207
372


536
509


513
079











586
742


670
240


727
260


716
115


167
759


702
095


056
402


627
314


700
357


553
570


572
789





725


364


854)


703)


406


911)


057)


144)


532


706
706)


473
913)





375)


798)


856)


116)


862


792)


214)


518)


359
145


662


829





350


566


710)


819)


268


703)


011
271)


123
662)


613)


516
368)


799
742)



Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders
























Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
























Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders

065
685


963
862


698
696


521
947


167
121


031
891


774
811


535
571









Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders

878
218


245
935


698
696


521
947


331
808


031
891


774
811


535
571








































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
























































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( 'F%SDH?(\\#P    !




P$

MA^@'\#%W__SN=WM\D(- 5_X#&0P7@SV=Y%H?R&'8B\ (CJ@%;&


!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M




MM3
S(+8]@DX0
*(M3T*4$Q@2P,Z_2BPQ'L(^(A1*3X$ACJ(W-T-J%G.#U%
MZ:FCIQ-Z[FU1B%C@ ADJD 7TPA/H$9E#-/T9

&ULA9AOC^(V$,:_N+]73PS_A.O


 7@+ OAM YP!B


009B(+T1-P3



RYX;6R-ENUNFS 4AF\%


M^5DW+^U!*1.\ED75+L*#


]P?C!J+E

=3GKVHH* F#H?KOZJ0**W<D=HZ-+MKN?[ YMD:70Q:+
M4LK7_IE7W?/<OTGB(0P/8$, NP30VP%\. @(.K)NE(_2R.7\T:?@Z;_6K5T




7


M\M+DQY-_JR;UI2BRZI]7GY?7Q12FGPU?COM#TS8DR_DYV_O???/'^:T*9\F]
ME^VQ\*?Z6)XFE=\MIB\P6W/1!G3$GT=_K0?'D[:4][+\VI[\LEU
6:O(YW[3


M4_=[[?O_#*


:B


M-EB3;L)CS@FG &%K F-&24;+!D:OY(P0'JWEC)@%3#H\K5(*9$PIB9Z(-0$^
M 3/&

M%)'L& 
;%D:L.TXIS(AHV@Y!$*(5%BWBQU

M









M'S'A'#
AD%:?0H1K(?;A#3W\'.!PBX@6D.

M]% U^LF9# J5






MA2/-3O!'@C\18'27$(R$X(. [A+02$ & 0Q1]-[LL
!9RFCOL.'7[; Z1'-
MY.X7:E%OMGXGMX?+U6L&89RJQ(:




M2P-UFA&SL[NGX5JNF_7=S:%^G1S.


MB52&82 #J=@ES3M1K_0N
Z57_]RG+/2L$2I!1#D: I$C0E[%/$E&S I %B
M4LDP$U2,E4T:7 \,(,H!$Y3R7KMLT47\$[U76'C'&&0\ 2I)3C
:XI$C0E
MZI.-N.
'3





M?#P2SAH2-$6ID1]HBS+AL8#8Q8AS.(;*Y*X$CW2 QMJPK1B%;XO@J(Y*(.
MB

(AJPB(!K(!)CH67%





ML
P22.



SY\P8S^0S



DR]%-$RV8




OQ87Y3RV94R1S$
0[$1=F
M+X(VCY ;TW[:]BTV!:?^-=._P^






M-72N^5!
:O2/1Q!ZQ)1

PJ6$DZ*RF

M46SK1 G$0=D&.D_%!STC6!WE[%/&OKW#TY^SSI/3\Y^SEH(7UKT$Z7R.NM-U

Z'QQV=JV.@FQT;L]9

M2A'M' AK!4/0$RD0IEP'0V

MT\N+A4!J_708(SZ V@==^P&@,_DO)Z=@#(')Z;Z*&!,OE#WAXSS .(I:C=






M WIYJ[);\;X8HOHN$+1-8T8!)7/NM=7:CVMJ-+3O&Y&) KJ*AT36M:4;

M8LX_KJZ@3L8!G2)[_5@EYXQQ 1!S'BV(NOY[S6=6'%DE.SCV!NB5T6F=.(



RL:Y#SY/'D'.AR;8A6DV-HBF4=Z81P*N(3MB!4U4@K#E?

MG D'3+-@:49.8SB [461;/-+$
W

%(@
$'Y TP4+.MYG

1I
MC'= 5SB5U+HI@1D6 
.\QF^PUS)\,SZ5&:&AX5UEM$'1!6$ 1SQ#4YN]6S




MY.

M(UBU
+/-/#X

R



]=Q2
A7_#2Z@?'A0XG





M



Q4T)2^.!YEV_G@


&H[[+V74&/

M)4^/.;L%HB7F/


;/-MYS&;#FV'Y06S]QN4O4$L#!!0    (


M;'U3VV[4

K?
W;2-$#@
MQ?:
YYPY
Q[GHW5/O@



];RB9B_\

M.;M&HCGF-










MB.;)M@./&O5V9RVSO5'QFS9@A;V!GOH_$V-1@OG3=,PVQL0501IQ?AN]YYI
M(3M:9-%W-D6&@U.R@[,A=M!:F-\G4#CF-*$OC@?9MXX6)'UHH'OX'[T9^
M
MMK!44D-G)7;$0)W3N^1X2D-\#'B4


/8LLW+OX 4$L#!!0    ( 'F%SDJ?8V&ZLP$


M6P!'WK3J;$Y;Y_H#8[9L00M[A3UT_J9&HX7SIFF8[0V(*H*T8CQ);I@6LJ-%

:<.3

Q:3-B^T!''J3

85KHKH.YFJ
MT*
37



87.2MR]I5JU 0  T@,  !D   !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


NH ^4U-(085G.WZ N9Y;2N;B/\$5%(9')9BC


B^I.!;*4[\






V&4[W
MZ?^0^1.7?P!02P



R==4@;@^OS._BG6

M4
\L7HH6;]

X O@-N9A4Z*H_*-PHL@
CL1






DK[S*P=SR^R9_P:=J_
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#(R+GAM;'U3VV[;, S]%4$?46*UP2!;:#I
'3 !@0MMCXK-GU!=7$E


ML4IX-&W-7&=!E!&D)..;S2U3HM4T3Z/O;//4]%ZV&LZ6N%XI87^=0)HAHUOZ

M&_=6QWT8;_;)!%L'\ G 9\ AYF%CHJC\L_ B3ZT9B!U[WXGPQ-LCQ]X4P1E;

8LL\I^%J*$_\'SM?ANU6%NPC?_:%P
MOTZ0K!(DD2#Y;XEK






M:7UPL+K10/?P?_H+Q8MMJA44D/GI.F(A3JG][O3.0WX/@I872K
PF57(UY
ML:7*J=)2 @4E#XH-QN\ !*!2%

&H7[+R

41KEXDK*P7FC9Q5
18OG:9==
MW


96Q#M




7X%/!-PNA79Q(KN5K['(V/
M=4%W41 HJ$)D$+C=X!&4BD0HX\?

M*:FA$8
*3W;\ '
]1TKFXC_!#12&1R68H[+*IY54@P]6SRPH18N7:9



)B/8?OY!;/G&Y2]02P
$%     @





M
1Y0RN8*1ZC!#S8;$BH?CC=XMN.8C88WW?2#V/R-\[]02P

M2KY.7CRV 0  T@

M^


M4\QQC.&+F






M'

[J\D

+5L+3FA\R\;^U\A.O!2-A=^


MQ 
4;!(^JB12TVG:I$VJ.JW[[29.@@J8V4[2O?V


0LF7:#.4Q4;WD;&^#VB:A


M_3I.AQ7QAN_T0
'
[


MZ]




M!%H&=' %(]R]S50: BH(.+  $97I:N#@*%?(#K  %)7GD^0*0#W I(#/

SNWY _4-IW_X&
_
M_YW)8]VIZ%5HT[K:!O


MYA^5S5]02P



MP:.1/T7MNX)^H*2&A@_2/YOQ
\S]W%
R-_\5+B Q/2C!&I61+GY)-3AOU
R
M4A1_FTZAXSG._%?8-B; =D-@$V%HO(G[GF96S

FKZ+*P#UF\D[_IT[9_


M965T


M\&C:EKG!@J@C22O&#X=W3 O9TS*/OK



$96Q'O
M

]W=+Y?P2R



M=#

VF
;!3PNX'7Z








M

MK-ER7X09?G]F$
@GI5]










EWOSB2Y7CQ<$ DKK%9@;KO (0G@AE\:O
M61,OEIZXGG^H/X?:72T79N!1B9^\LFV.#QA54+-!V!<U?H:YGAU&<_%?X0K






65#U!5BZ(
M
.E@5*N]9RNY/%JC6]5[@<V
M(6!0:LM S7*#!V#




$







$%     @


MI!7CN]TMTT)VM










M-K=

MG8VWV*Q207:M3$0)W3^^WQE 9\!/P4
-C%F81*+HA/P?A2Y703$@()I0L*



M3#C$.&P
%#/_R!TO
H
#




MFS 4?17$ Q1_@:%*(C5$TR9M4M5IVV^:. DJX
PX2??VLX$R8E\Z]4_ SKGW


M6M9#%B.E+E[[:]ETU^N0_RT



M'
(D




XCM(LGI$$.R\&

M-B\







M)H*??$@(1T+X1H@^)$0C(9H1T!#%[
O!^@?4M(IQ!-K<0



%5C/K2(82)9-W8_-+7@
M_!]02P


M:N+IDYXXGY_4OX7L+LN.
M&5@K\9O7MBWP$J

MK$CV/HZ\^,0]4^TZX0T$M*)D&2?$F@DT/\E9)&0G1'(&6LS8995N9:#4B/

&+2&2;]B%A?(N@99'
)
1[UWY#-IY#1*9GM






];0AH%!(K4#4\( 34*J%E(U?DZ8[;ZF)R_F;^D=3

L
 $[Q&G




RYX;6Q]5.UNFS 4?17$ ]38QN1#

MHRO9! J*7?B(MP?F\![PLX).3^:!2W*2\L457_)=&#E#(.!LG *WPPT.((03
MLC9^#YKAV-(1I_

0QX6!D/X






$%     @





M/!JR?]*?.F_@+9





M3HF^8^%RAT!SJLO$VQ@!$@J!TBL@DXU#P3FAX-PU*@X=Y92.(K)W%(@C=7FZ

^_(^S<KWS:X:O11U76R[=WAO15'KQB?[



M;ILP%'T5Q /48%R:1H#4))HV:9.B3MM^.^0&4&W
;!.ZMY\_**4$]0^VK\\Y

M@$&IK0(UPQ7VP)@5
FG\'37#Z4A+G

BD& +I_VY'[26*M\14
MO[1!5VRW9\JC3/1:$)QDZ&J%1LS.8_ 




+7
MCC(^;$

MI/T&IYM4O)VR:)26O(YMT]EV&%=P
JP2E);B;1)-F-VK00H

6X<R/DWIQ4@].[NDJSH:.8X<FO^I





M[0OVC
^9.3/8DPR





M$

MVXEH.3]E!_E#ZI^GQ]J
6M@%<^YO#:C]Z!-
MY46IUW;P=;<(44LD[G5K8O

MB


MH
0!BKU .(GCV)%M(!DG2

27ZICFHCQ)O50OE @EE!T
M\JMZM-5N,ABO\JZV[@-(RYYRP:W=VEK ^V+VJK3I7NKW_1K-#[[6RG9(W
MSV;KKBMP5@R(6;'M6O01HFOVOF?U(:^:X$5ITW78WFOE):&'ST8_J/I+X=!

'_IWK']U:


M28



$%




M9M'NG7VFNY5Z]5Y&

9NH\1IE#B











MK)Z621;/HY

&.@6Y0#H(*WU?06%)&
M4X3\%WX#\)KYA-?A
2DZ50(V*GR#4ZT@$
6^^+%-F7]K]_'5C\M-_;ZQ[V77



.7_P%02P
$


M7A^K-_7V/YO;YOYRGN:SV^IN_7W;?*H?;ZJ^1WX^Z[O_S^I'M6WA722MCR_U


MF('K#=PO S=JX'L#_\L@C!J$WB!

33+]NE=VQ_
M^N/*Q7BQ^-&UU&.NSQ@SP*0AY@WY'F[81VW@%
4D/
4F+


R15:=_V)/'GCSP
M5 SOTHLN.6U



M@5!)&1


DH&

3RPGXE8OXX:Q$P%(Z'XMEK$# ?!L^1 !2$  OT=_<:]/KO8
M!_SW9?G8@X9'H+Y\U;1Z$3:
B*A) F?T@4Q3)FJ2@9J(9T)9WL67JV84
HR$


FF

M^YL9CZ-9% O


YPY
MD_;KG:]2\792T:FT]&T<F\Z.PZ1_I[D)X40(9P*._DL@$X&L&C
S);ZD2I:
MY((/GA@/JZ?FG\ [HIMY-HNV=W9/5ROUZJV(DRQ'-R
T89Y&3+C A/\B#EL$


M='


4_JAX?+.^

M(&AV1U6DS9?JI

MS^




MTQA;=;QE83(LXMWXB*


M69:O9C+LQKC=&%EV1^$(/(- 


;
]K%
/AC(G1HMDS0US
)[#L[-OR5HNFDT
X4E7W

M^*1%TT)C_(I?!RX(Q@O[@:1%1OE






^ZTU4E_90HN
MG[I6_P-02P

H4KL3
MKYBZ%PVOS9N#D!739BJ/D6HD9WM'JLJ(($2CBA5UN%JXV%:N%N*LRZ+F6QFH

XOZ+/NBXK4J1!U(?EB&
M#WB^P:DE.

E

.BJ_\XO



MT[37BA]



M-A8#9YAX0@E/J6 OA0;N* [;9+1.) =DM(D?A-)-XZ$\-/[NK\CT#J%4B-
M0'HGD#J-LAAD


K(_QD!I<(:G;NI7Y'9]%I-CY!?3F=^$;-3#OB


X
MQ



RRZMP






M8
2$%Y%DA.BH4E?Y+#'6,BE0JG#M%N5.$VUMGF<+X),0_=*(IC#4
M4)5PQ@A.3 E^QA*$F?N'+$&24
-N(-Y/1MS27SE;I $6;A
U/(' O)N/29

B4HLF5%*%HQ7F@#(&7/CR#4 2Y+1&A5PHH7QX*%0N%N):Y/%*
M13D#THR1X[L1+!4^?!0*&@
\QS322GDE4.;XD62(E62^E5R$/U'ID-O
--O

MRK8-T61V[

F=
MXSRX+XIQ4.B=;6\3=U_W;74_L.8X?#)$XW?+XB]02P


M



RQ%:5R?[WM26E1=2K&



M\(JA/4&


MF!28Q9@)
'N?&9B=H&8GB #XO:S'S QXS3 94$TYPD2P4C#FQH]SBN8S101
M%608 ZH@QY@8F







MZM=*=5N$9%X#(_*.=]#JDY(+1I0V185D)X 4EL0HBH)@@QAI6C]+K.\HLH3W

1_7IK7KX/0OM'5Y C11 @W-PFQ(\0?!'R3
M@!T!+PAH+
7VYD 4R1+!!T^




_%.&ZCH7CG7A(T/6?9/U!+ P04     !YA<Y*;'ZRL.P  #2P  &0


2YX;6Q]EF%OFS 0AO\*XGL*MK&!*HFT


M9=VMPJ




MRU-IGO3EJQH3XF$P9O]=G55IY8[$QMCJLNN_@^VI
[H:O5B42KX-SZ+NGY?1
M_[L9;D!' WHU(

M@N-7*P5Q:

F=K//-9
'R4(5N9C$1!LP:B@

YI_GR'\.



$7# P(  





S+R!;Q\1RQE-Q#;+V(
M[;*


M-4SX5K

M   ( 'F%SDIC9YO9P0
  




BZ'C*9.G[:


M^2YK Q\J

-$.4J4(T1.0^L)D\^(6)XQ
MR@-$#5B!%WB#!,@9-PE(0C81#PKUN!!0Y@8!(I2H\(F*U&:
'Q&E'[)
M W

J)HB

MQ$D*$4B!6P1!/







1$UBFIBE_?LZEZ5@3U9](8DY
^?







P.DFT&PN;. B




N_ZV.87MM3'Y
M86Q4%J&
HC@L\TL5[#;CL]=FMZEO77&IS&NS:F]EF3?_OIBBOF\#$7P\^'(Y
MG;OA0;C;7/.3^=-T?UU?F_XN?/1RN)2F:B]UM6K

ML^O5$
I;77\=;GX[;(-H&)$IS+X;NLC[GW?SR13%T%

M_GD


MOMLT]7W53
F_YL


MX^1KXE1B$PU--##)'!/MA9/)5 O))#Z&1K%O)/':-(D,Z-HK35V2:!+ ER$
MXS)IXGDXE)$FYN6DT@%1DSB

?)RE1

M'S+&!Z




#$1'C@[E72\IVY7
?QXH2YA.C
/=J

VQ[KNC/]4*)U/Y2SR0^/F\(<N^$RZ:^;Z71Z
MNNGJJSUY#Q_'_[O_ %!+ P04     !YA<Y*$C
+T 

M)E6;MKVFB9.@ L[ 2;IO/]M02NRCO C8^=_=[PX;W_(FVY?N)(0*7NNJZ5;A

M72_E155E(Y[:H+O4=='^VXA*WE8AM\F?I3'DS(3T7IY+H[BIU_SD^M'D6C


]N)07KU
M0]Z^B$A%@9#]M_$551:;DATC)VL.OL;[Z=DO7@1:/4Q6M_+QM[OPW^W\Q@
M SP8X-$ \0\-R&! W@WHAP9T,*.0=2G8FNS+52Q7K;R%K3]ZST79A6A!ZJK


M&7.2!OQQCAF/87 &@C
?/';?
/


M6V50%=





HSSI\




*':=
]TP2I);5&4SQF+DQ&X%FHSN!
 U@@1@4
MB(%L+9=KB%E8V4+
TLH68&(/-IN 9A- P+?
0HR]BV8PQ6/FQFP*FDT!@= R
MS&1919BK.^N@)@$-KL S2Z ?13# DM08#EC'P%,;'\U$&/MM0)BEK!9WX//
M,F_&3H*@Q+/\SH&*_TWCO]Q^OHSMA

$N71

%.'DH/4S52U^5#'AXYDW7A'0=-%*?\#4$L#!!0    ( 'F%SDI5

M


M5GG#C^*G



MV)O3
LS8\._%R:9WG]*KJ$6!ATV7\7%U%:N'-B8^QDJ?U_L#MK(ZM.Q5JI

M6.
)'7\.\#A%D!%D


M&'T5Q 
47\&
DDB3Z52[TE8:==7V-Y
X%Y5+%LBD??LUEZ9@'V?R)X!SOHL_
MOG-LO+A4]8_FH'4;_SRLEF&A[8]/411LSGH(FL^5==FG]V55UDK7FL]U%S


J@UKME^$@?G@7K#'K$MZ.^
3QW^CT_ :LS.<WO_V
M_JF?O)G
:];HIRK_?MRVAV6HPFK=]DY;[]4E[_T.$9!N/L_]%O.C?P+A
3
M8U/E3?\;;
Y-6Q6C%Y-*D?T


;-$*
$Z08 +SURH1VKH'34;03

M1/)$^HJ
%8





M)#2ARK
9YIC[W&6L\FU4.68L1XRU91. %+'W7.^ YLE@3G.TWCM]E[B+-:/*

4)A<1(TK9LCJ!9*







MLB20-8'



\(-T5^8L2C:B
M

H)$$










M-0A#&\2N01S:0(J7D1.#F^P'^_=H2_=ZDY?AEFKP75X&7&K29+*;B^WD_CBO

$WZ:K3^=!NM/)4V.I8RYWC.HQ
MOL]


U?@3L29+\B

D;-\0$TAHWPQ-\;;#LQR)&@^0QA-%MP9T;Q($;


9\BG'WGDA



6
!!W(5C
REWNCD]@;
C17@#3!
M2:&#ID$9:K
88K/?5[Q@^B 5Z*NG?040G3E70Z#I$*AX ^KWBUEG2 WZQ=E@
M5AK2#%^L2*::2U!BJ3)..^AP-%70:9GG!0T-()T0

G!N!XP
M%5ZB$L]E%%-JI3\BDDP!E* YI$

MB0UALTDH!T
0:A#=
#



M$ RS@U,)BF@29JIP(I1!16'QU SJJ#!DBN+80?U^YPFHJ!3K D=
VF-Y+D

M
+JKT?D'W58B2-/U.H1HV4*0818_FI%;C0Y!Z
9
Y[MNK70*#P&O )AVBT[K
M; 0'6BP&6.SWDRD)&NWXZ:8


-2OU]
D;1@.V698FV9(FF/V$Y9IDQ95*:R
MAYD LC1W(41E'D*
S%NF

M(X@1.\NHM05J[;B








M

I
YOHZAXV;@T+FZRO=OY
[<4]XKWM
T






\6L4% ;K-$5 SHKD&VBRPP4BN?.=@MF Q
+/SR9.09EYD(%2G&IN 0%X#$$

 XQ8QE7(!63$/LAC#42



E+S)_FDL)=.N0H]]--@.0]AIPA
M5L%AK$*
^YV075CL!A?=(**#\8T


M
@KU0%'J8&'EP6&2JNU,/![9XFBVG]Q2GU)&_S(?D\9H@T\2+30^2DT8;!
M'72
HTQ(RR74!D



MC]OMYN
?_U@M'M-U4O6*39K#+_=%N4ZV\&?Y\
=J4Z;)LGI



%=RW39?WG

MEK!__.?.&Z[3


M:5F_Y;+H?
B/Q0J(







U9M:0)9[N=%?KRPN4B31(!O1A+?
^BDS)=9EO_/EG@!2\!D<91EB]6.Y*P


+%G@F0-]S]JV30LVHV,8 QY#^SCV$F(XBH(IG&.3
M/A]JX:@?Q.,X&(_'OWCL^P7@; FL!H0%VXBGP3%(NT6RR6!;6Z2&%LS+]!Y(
MLB'6[4OD)G6<#(^@IB!M_NKHNH0'2!=MV6Q6N%4;+GS3QW];+([5NR?)O
M++LD:3LY-8B7K:C6:_?I4$?78J]QQ38-%E]Z-:I4.5-Z4P!)O\,X@.X /6^
MHJ(M\/_O[ [MG,7V_VTL[O*D%&@]M_YNIZQ;TOKQW%6/\4[#I(]8KEEG6M2

MSSH[LLTBJV1OR30=!R-0W
:3:8?XV$8#)6%,@K&PQB^&A!5 /G[+VD-E6*







S]WML@4./IBZWB7*GXQ:YS@#M






MO




P8$\QU0ZXM_]T+V8*(Y


'F%BMUH


M?KD#)JG
:;E#^W]?4HIL/J-.OSJNTC4-(:V-1S;TS83^'2$=#&:K%3


V=ADZ[D2


G3

M;5^\*S!=
 $/\Y+0(R





W3=


\EL



Y3.0N7$)-/ LF73% ?





==L)GM0

MGB.8

0R*V\OZ+V
HZ.;S_'FQUM=@6^[F*.6IDZ0ZD
MB]^B4?81*YK*Y%API&[%




QC\J*T3/#H8&(

M^V7B1- !




M DVQ31KUWDBC4XPRM2L;S)VBCJD4)5NBX]-Y
R3MGFON/2L7E1)I:-72GS-)
MV=X&N#HI^;?)DP[Z_SW\$;1K)7C
9)P7@9D0[




ESPWD&
MN=5.(7F4Q%R
4)&&:8


M*R96B\-BVR[).('5I&
9CPV1N^?2N35?
!)=73OC-#2MUU(:X&:KU\6499I3
MTDZZE)1OAX2\ TFUOL6&\G0REKQ*K.*FS:P&7X*/M'TI#^M%N]6/4(+?HX
MB
O0Z..ZSD#%3\@E68^\U&2IOJLF*M66XBVV[ .6@+%NQ)327@U/!V%6Y'NG




MHDYT]8B

MQB:;!=0M3A#-3H&10OJ60'X*-N3U-![+1P.CST^=R_REV*9SVYKF&@8ZVI
2$';K:T;8C747:JWT8FM<Y1NZWQ%U4,-#;+#*YJN=/2;KE:&
M(JT+/46AW)2HIY7?Q\7%SS#KW<ORL=&M





M9(80*0_BF3KV9\:9 KLY/SO!_-CDH4PVCY5_#=;=3O+ Y]OD'LZ W.0+ZXS4


M5Q-UHTG)\TNL^?4PDTLZ?OCWJ6!K:(.9$3W+5
8BKB#!2.3-B6U0*:08H0


MDBJ/Q?J@IVR)W-$(D9$KF)P

2Q;.2QX*AJZDE_#I4:AL(\V=]T6QI48R
M=IDDZGY26.24

MO3%)OB-/27'O/



MM[UC#(&E]I$TJ

MW42^IB4AJ2D



0%;T#\1SO%*@.J-:K%P7O;0.?




MWX%50P]4\L ^



-Y
\+0*#K!

NWYRW:

^+*YWGZPS!$J;M41N=+:/^J9U

M(YS%;@_EXKZQ =;HW6PYB4!)(C993C;\4PN\%58F3\*^H@?C*
%ELLD80S8$
M%[5#^)I*8&;AUF/X_W@HQKK'KMQ5^I18'C(LHB5 I*V! 684&BM-#5Z )T#Q
MC$+A
=LX6Y0]2X=@=!8YEVRBT5H)3QYS2+)45*;/)V$.U\28GU5-3H$6,U&
MBO:T1#-@^Z4J^\M)O402(11/Q-[S*;IE-+


Q;QVI&A-%EAR=W[\A@^.^B(!I$P22* T\7PR&_1:#1A.-1 QQ3
M6(\5:5H3'7!IQA_?-AX;XY)=UBG+$.75K@N@I+







.
MY,!FKH'.C^&WE700H+@( =ZM7@BZ&Z%S-&S;@E!T8%R8VD/ L&3BJ6.YI&F


F[R@]RT#(E^(+FAR4 R;VKLU9)
JX1(KCE
G

 ?



M**;/XRE]]C[#L9#II

 H&Z-B%?T?CD4?%S'@481*^ 0:(X4%




I@/UK\?H_?XDB



IG/ACN!

#@




MBV2;6E!^I(XASR[+Y%F


M+-HKGAL'^B6%P:^M!KTG8H22_M-LZGRW_;7G]D03%/XY]Z]G/\WHM*;FE]?G
MM[

E
M^G %?TLFYG8BR#09\!JRD%UU\QLR3+?6Y#B947DMP66@-):H8.LN2EH0VL




MS%0AT['(Z_C:F=7T?

%QNJ

W_20/_!=
M:L](?U9[B@\32M6+^YRX1$I-E[@9MZEB[F$C5R=G/:PE 2!_L\NREBN!O;HM

M@#
;:-MUPO8']KII605_[39XT[MPVNL#SZ]65%=K
[.0S;MM)X9_;^P1?FTWJ
Z.ZLE(LAHBAZ'RAE(2%K6*

#
M.Z=EA8LDJ2#CO$:1B#E))55#URPG/V=K['CLQ&QK][.^^VZB50RBN4C_R1D0
M]G




M70-KR]-J]';VF!M FMC))8UY2&*XVQ::

MJ/I(J4T)B#P\(



W3'!M!_HB=^+ TDOQE



*3COAV@*FY, E,+Q:O$Q11*Y!P
MN$SR^S0'2? I1=0_^
+A.<2B:463AV</+B&T2WZ8T3DM?0(K\!XJ=&BQ





G
MOD@; #*DEN.^3=<F4NYZILELMC-!]VK)EE[,IIGZTSZP*6.7M&*5_J,TL%;'
MQMA^)&?2.EM#P!B4]LJ5)5)18KDL[ 6\UKDZNOS(F\MP]*VV*16Z7#%<. 8
MM
J[%OOV



PA?#WYFYTY


/#\=58



7
MC]'RA&FV%!&O*O;;'/W\P3:_6**_L I:&75.X^U1N;N%7=I6$-IJZNAHSSX1

M
K7PZBS*


MVGF8^I0&C7X('
XR/+

MQH6PLL



K951H2/-9(:0N[4W3
O#A)14







M.300/+6H:;R?K.0M]4F'-7JF(
I1!%J^]8Y*G 




MLM3@=Z9$LZMZJ7U=7E6_:Y7GWEFO!OK:JG



*XZ!6\HJY].V%8Z-

.:ILCWI.&A.L.7LI3C7?HM\ 137'


M&=AZ9P^KXIEWA
'=

MO3L@KU]!8YK6 :OE-MOA:F5-4-V'WD.V*VI'%G6W)E0V?;]UG&048@G4;J72

E1I+M

[
Y_:GE#
M22.ERPK
*2:LJ.]O4((50$M$4&YQ-WV\S3!Q@*9U$XP

MF2[@U

0WH
MN
@ =05OSQS4XCI!@HSB =GZCG)^K4E2
;MH2P)
4^F3Q^O(NUPGF*W#%F^Z
MWJP48

42(-&O28<RQ'^H'




J

:1_B




M(
W8- 



A'_


C;8)]FTQW$

M4[Y\

B+X



***I<9=Y:HM1

=

Q/O3/IUWVOUKK#DSVC<FXQ)^O0P2@#7



MVZ:U.;T8:]E^'-5O5\((&$WC6YDL?DHKAO=*I!/&.H=MS^ZS14(5!?81VV:+


M!E$PBD*1S$=XSU#D=/V8T;L*QY/-8P_%9V;J'.-?WH-9M5P)FDVC[P 04'


MIQL\\K##D7)


I6-J)
MEP'_RM&HVVTS:Y+&^RIK3#;;AM$X)BMMM#NN ._6CS&%:4=4C5S[S$;8
.
M6&NL% :79/2/%=RZ^ X^QN?_;Q7G.%EBD70U
\5V@@:3]E*E6EA3/\I'*M



MD74I94MU VZC6=T)N$:X)L4PT]YI3_=UIN1&!BM\U#YR$FUFGBMTVO.#4NXX


MW3N;(V8DGJI4@V_?Z1DFQ:2C4F=L
6EN^VC55:_*V-$4UB.:0*1'G6[<11_*BB-?;K2$+Q
M/8I-


MU71'69;:-)I+!J\/:K0.G,;H_+M466FDXEZ07-,]:#;'#,;CEGA/;',\$8?
M*!/!DQQM;;#?2!;72;-2 *%P!OHA-K7HGZ1COK-;Z]._GS\:3;'IF-7/UR?


;5NOZE?THI@ID=%:!U%?HP8;MSG0S* 68\P4!OZ%Q8O
M]&ECNL)Z)3=KI% 2:0T
10G'-V@MQ4N*YS3UB5YM&?;
PA&G6@F
?0(W2MX#
MR0S2N


Z4G73ISY
@FK!95ZG$
MR24#X;0E8_*;))

1B-5

MMN)5;^YI'2B
PTVEK1O.$.'?;!)FA']7OC*0JA*0:3)Q/Z9CC!
M;T**=HSYF]#[PAY
?Q!$$D+O]ZA5^2B** T_[(T&V5=$!G7C_6LUEBX)&(
MAP*!@S$Y]86&Z)LA7L%T1'\/


M#4#63/%1(897G27(ETX2T9-@.*24@:J('@A@/

N_X





M:&3?&?=A*\-!%

M1CCG!OF_@Z\&H! 



MR?/^T70()\QD0 (_CKT?^25'43  S2Z.^&2(P^[W#_TXF$;P$*(P$-)]Z_WV
MN=3^?DDIP+=


B-
_

M-



8X5
M_5B*L_+L5W$T7*6%O9CW:767SLCU?LNA4P;?4


LO?^
6:$3OWW^.=4_@SISUA^'8_\]YX69C+BE6CFK'H


W%7BMVNX8CP

MYMX











M\9G!
(C'PWHL15F



3#(.))(F8G(83-E%9'5<0FH35
M+RGO1.L6QF/MF@[4J1JD12,+Z40W2^/7G%S%Q!/BZR)*[#WXK= #<1:V3^Y



MQY?S(H5-:6



!M@V) WK99!H'$1ZO.&)29(Q5
ME;3D^[QA22:_;DG@L
?^)I
IC1
384;!
.K_1LOBBA[))+?;3?JJW66#MI6:
M+**#[GQ)MQKOSH%K





M
J4


0:[K+


MMZ-Q$$_[A.%0:[4L1;%T:'J8QX+24F96=T V)7Q& ([%
;91DI9S6/UIY5-9
1AT(\9TO7=

4QL4^%5V070N<\W*6##)1P4 P%-MT

M+T_.$



MEM^2P-OBV;=*:

DJS :
 -5$=S
(#5=X





QDEW;RKUE/CBVR3 *1N' + ]#7 _#


')K#S



ZQ#/.?^M&0
MA@5S(FS/Z=/(J*^:8!M]
(8A&0GZ?UVTJP&[F AVSHOG FD;9TK!RB(@^%@
MY*LMCH(Q[
1@


?TQ
YAQU&3&(<:&QU/F/Y/P; _9;4NZB.X=<1L
MBC..^Y
Z
R+W#L(8 1/@T(K[5&#?YV-B EK0& _



MO.NXLC%
8WO5+_W4\QM7%]U78Y%7Y1_[J&#CI:*&?@(U] =Y:3GRS-:G@:
M2SB.O_.5!2!ZN
\ZM=*1&\[(I'IDWSE^P(:73]CMMEA[[3GZVL7^'MOE;Z

5W/




MBJ#TN+B_I\#47;%]]
54B.#3M)6DK-#0=:
M;E%.GHAL<MC=

MR$4=]$.A^\ZQ!62C




M%8RXN8FX A%LZ/PN&



5P&

WUX=;5C&^$:I&\5!'#E
MKIYD.*%
T5?6R
;D:=F^RV!Z[$,ECEU-V%6%97(QR+#G,X/+H8J=^2#I8F


4E!5V$BB6


M\]5T*R3.U=;K76O38QU+E)Q3X#;AB:EENMHGK)C6#2P:BIE%HSLTPS47^D0
M=5'D#\?,NWZTH4C5@571-^^

M.V




C$ZF
M&_31@L/24H]
0OC?[+8:4\(\@R$0]9::_4NTHE3?#.SITT;T&FY?I5_]AU%6
M1 5J'[M?&SO0+I[MNE4?C9T)$^LC+$^C3*=].QF
D B%GZ5GU#:




M^D5*=47O




'/+QKFEHZ
*NN
4*
ML_I526H[[0^U?4PY#HGF=%HS-.VEM


^B6JX%+?

CS;[?3]
M-100]5LIP#N  OS?D0*\-U& _YM1P&71DXT(-16HB#@.1GD *[6-D_[0D8LB




XZ

1WBQO!R_]NEKY22P&(47O9*PH]T20'P5E3UT:Y6 



D.[L:;C$R-8[9-U=WN[
M-
OTKL]HR!+3WMI#5GX3


:KJ-NZ)2!1:I0 =3(W9Q^3HGD$W2WF]!
MTC/U758YXO^.MC9Q:9HR7RM$!UZAE@2D8K6
OS=5[AS=ENZJ%-F3)5P0DHNM
M83H:&8SA'U* :V=G)F4NY/ T^)[S5UJ66?#




C(B'-X^!!\



-R:(=6D6QDB8I($I%VB()4 JN]L7'40;A;%DX5SSO:
M _JBP73/W)LE[B6GCO!W@I@^230[7L:1A:F.6[@!RQ&*)9;&!MV\2#
^7U/L


:TQ





M
YX;7CZ)*A

BX1)[S DR2)?NM6(:DY*@1QP[M9T
8W[M]=/_&#^*L_04




M?-:OZ9!87.]%\$)I+2]F'V.H#;U-#K7\GS!=W^HM0WS_B
.%27:WUQ3D^K
M
6VE

M


M\K^%_J?7^&KW8[7$8L?Y?IE?'#P&R^?_40VOGA'[1ZYT+)HF&DR8.]@#

'YU !(;ZZLV'U]!2RE$6A7&\7U @^F*Q6Y)?RO.[[4TG.\Y$

M-X6GX269!8+'

M]LQULC

2Q56/%03S


!]:X
M6GD&-$
7VR7Y=

M^J9-NI[
1'P*?PO]KL -]@I6PKT!L36&$P$?TAUJ0?(= WJ$?G+=ULYI7&QG
M;[7&(BLDWX43Q@*CI'*[

O

M#2G*OJ=B=@KYEIYBM1L[9FX^SFD'1&B &/26/(%1+BYW0Y'#;+_HQXEXTB
& :X@A6P3+P-(J<U/)K5/)1ZKDEBOAW6.K I7TZKS;


M#13PVAC=H
3)



@

F^1ZP)_02(/L%/@4?RC

'C2[R0MQ]M(

4LB!





X_W:+X06:D]$?D)V1

MSRWK*W&$RRWF@J//YG=W(%$



MN_C5G??9A?=TIDT

M1J







MHF5%BT=B-XZ3




R4 IH[9MIQCN3H3,W#(Y1 I01]6@\OU58B0&:U;Q#P

[A[%ZX#D!M@!


M(DC YJ H$N;5

M4Y\L9*B08
2EX@UR2Z\#6:JG:S80V=_T&

\%/4=





O66.GCZ

S=D?).$0-H\86OU.Y.-UCQ




M8M.6T*^IFA75=@HB4A?
AO_

M^L8@RIHQ&9O8O18F. ;WMP,YHSP6^(




I^V


H_88D)FCSH!.C809F39/-I@VWJ
G:/
^JB9?3



MBL[/8-+.=R$SFD*GS0+

JF-A3#+J:]FD%SKQMKH!CTDE6

M;V^5J1_5Y@,.$NG,]Q':V%K,= /2DZ5UJ#ABX20F=])'J);CXGH G-.67/
MG;#WDI-73K9QV!M




MX







M7+C&/NFLZP-H*;9Z^65CLRQM!=%.+\38O%5











M\:K5X&





]22


E(']\?-G


M0.$WDX*_J?&)*1S0I_QWB5K\;DG) Z
29*WFT\:XJF#[+T5M5;CI8U&@FIL6
MB\K1UG*&8&/;==OTBUR((K8-NG38#V[A&M.8S(:

M_&B=3K
6!&0&XD1?E(C?V53HE* OJM8(B[H1L E?[S@6:V_' $IU5!XMR+'
M5M./!AE81#1*5F\&'W--%ADS@/(R YT)JP6-MA4G?* +BX@(MZ&5)W/DC*6K


9LV^&YEU9JC\8X'




M-(*VG5CUVQM



O&NP6?FV8&C[-L5[U;[7^^O-LMN\GQ.5@6S^#4
MFH]G;?H,_VSESYS^K.37:9,^2UXIHT!:O!;5S\NN'M?P*88A3^:U_F2GJ_O
MOVP1$9O..LT
ZVJP'=

K6[ $,/O_C+/,\B.MS'<Z=<$J@3!MY(EN
M(7P5Z%E62QY(R2O5))P,3( 9M7,V81PZXCT#E6V0^,WY05P)Y&MU&%;LA]!

M;8T):/@23:%Q2U^AC3]#$P0]HC-8XC]MZ/Q[L\]Z *BXBC!/&]ABX578,=M
MX6A3H 4W':..JL!.P\L).C-0

!,L)S@PO3V@==Y.*KK<,*.-FV-ERS6=R.^CVDG-=47&O-(71E+0AF3-\

!E)ZA

JJJ%GT%V



M!Y
=BB]J:A;TB=S ;9T6!4E?QH1#KD5*,FHZ'T[;=;!4+(N09P*K^3VH[LJ
M2U3$2:4JBDNX)3=8#(/)FQ[*[&@_1DFC636=I6]$959S,ZQ4SPFRK2X2OE
MI(=34UD5/#RZ7]4,A0=$H%1?=NV#_Z4CL@QRZ,OY89Z.?MK,CPMLXL4@R54


Z#/B-UUS![7A9KLA





MUTCWTV^Y


?$$P!
M@V
PWNNG]R_3T5-ORW^W)%REM6:]T(&.VQNP2I8'*[L[1I7YH)R#6!0!PGF^











MS\ @!O' !';)P_U%= A-_2F^[X%S/X^SLN-6[3DT#@
H[R_3+O^\-TQT8^*]
MF85


EP*&8VH#HG0$]& U^;W

M_QC2QIR[''O6F=? TUWNF=.S]X.+-(#A1XGNC?=$H/D$6\-FSBL8%@^!JI






;^ /9*92S@@

MZ[VP
HXGL-K7:[(H:=ET]I4G%SKOQ$*?XC:IN'V-U(W=_;K=_4Q*D3?LT
#^






;2AUF-/=6F HP]VJ)JBC\46JN)1/;U
?7*L
MLRMS
['A''N[6]W'

1ZIA_/IWY\@Z:$A'HLJN
AS.#PG




.ZNAL14R#0WPH)+.
M4KQ#2QRH@V?!Z*:S6WU*E4Y#^U/

M[)E7IRY&K^[1WN2F%9


:M45RTQB4[QC.7W+U1J[#
VLQ F^T5KDKW]3)H?/#5DZT.
M$1-:$&/W(/!1PU QZJ;_U8RZ$L/L

P-'@A*!R5?%8\X0_;+W'?








HD?R^T'K(RK!M[F&2:F:L

VB.8NT9\JQ/8^1YF6+\10%[U @VE150'OTVLTT^%&YI

M.S\@*THI=

M[;Y@W-#&P#7$N-(V\)_B$.!CW8$)-KN5D2OD 5:)U2+V'6[#)  :C=Z#Y
?Z



;]Y--2AD-T-)HC7]YW'!(SR1)9\V)80O+ 7=^S0.N@X85
L2_:%YW
MU&GO4
24H
H )6_CS0./C3RGHJ?G3$[247 P@.P#^T__)-XO4MWY^
AD+3V%



M?

M5X]6W;!\X20-&U P/J/GK2.B;(7?RID/J=:V9QDT )V6%]&6*X.RU


MQFQ3S3FJ7Q$+QEX




SQ^6


U?I!X[@NTN?;X^ZFYRAL0G?5


MN]XQN3(*BI
C
/=P#EI;L;/?I/.G)F1H8QXS)\.FX]SW3_4H7MZ'K\LUN2*'
M-&L6!KQ^7.&GVMR_M730/L^G-.X+FB(/K:(



YNX[*V;GDN/&-V'GMSK/897U
MS9-#I\E.(1\&%1*EF1W0^*M@E(I,:WP8%)%LU)[O3?@2M@H= 3QO$8AFX7/



M^I^?+N0HK/2&P4T!H%'#F:@B7&A=OO6\*BF D^I
EB!

M%.KLY:8TA+DBFV ZQ^.$]F.*K*1*00UE MR'XI!!9G$4S0O[U;+T;%)KR8V1
M4I)+05J&?D9G&-D$&+NQE_I+MJ/=9


M! 4  



M[]IQ/IE4XTX9.[H\?[W6S(\OS].7OXQ^#O\=3S^%JGOSI._5P\5H
HKMQJ3A

+6^=O6FT[;?0GG=JMXX&U9F'4;JDY?C%Z;&4;\=GV
MIG\1-W9[J=AV)(9;WS07HRQ^[U4?__-D@GEH]4CX
Q-/^)LF2^!\D%?QMVM-

 6!^
$!Q-%
$L@0Q0=SA-$^D
0;B'NUMH3R!)


@KUZT)9 4@J\-!KA0=V5

MY.D!(;



MB58^D$T*9IOL!G]OXB&5%


9*&2V4(8DUJH1!8JF2V$
M

V%

MXF.ZX1!9:
ILH=WU7%3PF(+3;F7A-ZN9[\6/B@FLM4V4*PGCVE:= 466@Z



M?UUR








VWIGM\3$


KD4T+C_F(-&V=AII/


M5:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM
MD56AR*I09%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE%DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K
M1I%5H\BJ4635*+(:%%D-BJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH460V*K!6*K!6*
MK!6*K-4)99V/Y6[\:,D]\[MWN:S^?^L5\]02P$% 







M965T



4




M 0(4 Q0    ( 'F%SDK^N\PJYP$   


M#:7O4+0!  #2 P  &0              @ %6

M:&5E=#$Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'F%SDHK#98^M $  -(#   9




M:&5E='





M 0  T@



4
87.2GL


 @
MM P  !D              ( !]E   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R.YX


M

M965T

4


U








$   9



















!0  &0

MSDIC9YO9P0
  

M+W-H965T-C



4







M   ( 'F%SDK!6Q3-! 4  
LO   /                66' 0!X;]W;W)K


4

@5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08     4@!2 ' 6  !ID0$    !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      

 Net - Schedule of Property

      
      

 Net - Schedule of Property

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Stock Options

      
      

 Stock Options

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001493152-17-006635-xbrl.zip


S
Q+GAM

!['[S.R7MXJ U/

=_Q0!_ML[WT(&\DYZ'[V)

!EX';:R?+QUX@36
%K_-?X[Y:)GXPM


O\;3*J9ZSP$[NC[
M%S)[(M[!3B!!*IG
B'GXX], .;'W+9&5L!@E4P+GF0F)]_0!S23'[_\L\0
MX$:3T77@5W_XP_+?_1H]MK#OO[[/74($[WT^?
=


M

;P T%
M5(D#F'R-A10)0HXA)';4$5*.#09NUP- IGH0W(



M@47\RQ\C.S2)B1A!7A

7W6);Q1

MZBG*MKY8CC4+9_6FECC5SW F)
U@4OMKR*

- H/?57

))GF
MZ*MU]'N:CS
09 :.OVK(H )DD-4X!IO(#'&8V4YDAH:SP!**.7?G\+HI


R;R
]U.D@^A+622<$MH:*:-'0'H?69!J<







M
'6]X)%X

MU1O!DV1%Q?RULXJ_/DZMAK^NI
$U
'1_+6S7_M[$6C2/AK-SU L?!Y-K1=

CNLHSHHM*N'W
MB








M%@13#[?4*H?F [$QF B&$;;I) '\?'K6X5M(:


+$2S
,9]:(\-.T4VRUX92E+*

M.2*CS_

MM/Q(_@PM^^C976J;#9%L0R2GRO(*DE##] Y
SRN*K)N@11/9*D8DI\KTFJ#%



M%9 ;ZYF8UPZHZQ/KR29#WR?!D82$KPS+^]VP0_+IE6[KW#9\/V
_OX6# ]I4
MO3T8TYGDY8?PR?5
RP':
[^ZP9&

\AZGA(2O)?8&0!OHV#@_JSZUE$GI#ET=/
ME]6+,[P]0+VAR^.GRSI.6+\7

)8
S1F.!
RV?B!:C:HI)S)-K]S@ES'20V
MDKR@)&\H\Q0HLXZRO*'
4Z#
ZDGS?$_

MB_'#FM6]6


\G
6$DA]UB=0IS\NBR@
M$I'?N4=
*[@R1I8-



K1W05\6%4A.@:\CJ*


RA

MT/T!Z7[MLVFHOF!B;_Z9QI^&$_CAJ^60--;Y4304OS.*7POSAU9SJYDLO#&U





M3@GU[:#
M6?YTS^FEO^=O$9CWR-3T
4IEJ/@G\3PCH






)FOL-L^@T%#


G6&&3#8%L3BGRN\*D4_#[*I+RX_DS]RCY[=I;;9
M$

D/#%MIJ+AS%



M#80F[:O?.+@Y_+CQL5U^N[]]D_;@H?47



MR=K+C W;)VR%U O$-[/.5\&5Y8\

MJNL0\]KW0Q!EZR[[U14)8

6W+(F^'AGLQ=
F7<!
T'[/@G\)3!0'*]A-;M@-#H









M0EOI*K*FR8
:*X=9;K$9&H!G=D%_JB\:LGQB
S3T.CU%E6M
#5D.L1D:^JK:
M@?_7%PT+^L1H%
YFA9[&TRQV' V]\@4$QV?4NB7@LS/;4[4/3ZXF5!M2@'

!AVM
1&U R3#AXPYE80!(LXT]0

O.6L18K_;4?HU8(#K[ZC7TP=JJ7+J(@35






MPB?7

NCD=HXMGF@0/OIV&?=-








M3;TN6293&(J=;*.H'9AEY-7815&;



MO+6T1[77T93*G49A7;2C#E0Q2;LJVRBHV:J*TAM43K@4UI/[.Q20SX9ELV\+



+)\


:)C?1R3_F;3AN!#\U\A
MZS
$Q'([AG5*L;5!A^Z+C?)W ^KA$%*4T 9JJM3\V-!1V F@Z8HL#GH] 824
MESYY4#*OXS9VFLQ:#:(J-16T&@16TRWM+6&W&H2W7BIK=?:R?;YP=?:R?8IQ
M=?:RD[3DTU(Z=I)&?4IJ[$Z2OD_+









-N/9TS'
M[_CJ!HLD=1 


FDR+V!OF!*56?FY8H+3U.)3UDJ0;;%%[MJG*.K8J





M !#!$*O0_67C'/_.IH:4P;OT3




7NR2D?W&G4?FH&E=_D ;@?A 34P^TZ;O07ET


C(CU
MC'I**0:
4@:IM!BQ*DGN?3T
M^W9\Y[G/%G;XN'*]VR??M4E (@[S6HHFT66.G@++E@1I40I0Y4-!6I@3])5-

6I01THHA=_]R 65QO[BCA7M$
MPYGK!=:_*=NX'5]9CN&


M!&&5HF\KBC;0]10JD@6*+E[T'/J#KCP8E+-V4=0/.KV!: ZM6AN[?Y['O8_9

M_G3HF/@O[._[;-A8*\
RK;
2LA3+M*\
NJ*J5@2 LH$O'/'H] ?JH!JP%S=F


F
3^]?O-1-L8F_A!8YC/-


M3L:.

/*#O<1VJJ

MD6?@T1V._@PMCT1^QFOG(7SR+=

M7DITX(N@&




H
I[D;^^:/TY'HF\=HCU[:-N4\^2-%/[Q* $!8O


M $7$E23+&=FA2:0 GC:B@F-X.4N=DCYYAF/Z$C#/
^F7Z.VJ_!$?QZX?AO
:



MB?1$B!/1JBD9\9-(V?BS



?R





(^L@W?A[L]1V8R\=\Y;U-?$;D_W
^=R=A0R+/^(MRX]6]0


MQF^X8[ S\8E[]PF4$.E3Z#E^?)YGN_=39O6-C9V7^V:.-TPO7Z((W!G8*=BB
MT-U8





M


M(?-;@*FH!!).K].'I/B]L-\(9$V*/$1$\DW'V/S%W?
!E_
]@VU:[RD?S+






U[IVZF7DP(W8]Y!
MNA(%U
#=PAFK!8H+WPD




MC((09!%8?K

MGDE77*Y1MZJ$78]-3!LN[*CM3
#Z7_U.GK



M8?O2+T]N )P





M8T@?G9%@ZIHK' BXCA%Y'BV:D2B@ASH!
)ZTS-L ;_=)ZCO




/B*%_*
Y@E8!4
MRWZE@%#BX;@
-7

Y4?



M=\ZN'

M:7@D6

ZS3





C\ Y]HT
MXB]4\YD$V-PO\1S+HM9=KN+%7LSMR
3 5'SH;L98(\.RIG3CM6N9R*62K=


M\!&JKJ!=6QXHB
!2N7+





M8
4BX;(Z/V;H2G^&:-XR@WMLC


M@K]AB

MJ?A70N\4%)3\Q&1:P
*S4YH$9E D?GF!08C&!SDSYY8=+:13[(%)8[JEX
MHS'&1 'J,8G:TBW]/L15JO

H+9<H!Q7<RZG33A]H
M+)RE%X($S-5Y5,E7QKX_B'[G5%W#(O/DD@!?8TX((WN6TAI_PGW6;5KSO*





L






MI\0RO4 EVOXKQK Z!K!41W!\?7X!,=E-OW,#(/7)8(C]]FXR+DL02?!SJ8





^31A)@A

X% TE U@R7M_0-KP88ZZ7



3+%=\*!7E:LYHF:*/\F

M''



\6)^N2HK;W+$;5=
M6:6O%_6




M








M&1Z/6F#+9LMXLFS6IDV7_9HK!7G/%V1

M-S1U(C1U'ZG(T=,N+YHF?XWPEF3P0MH'U-6ZT%[D()T8H;SN- !:?SKAHZ






G'$^I[7<EL-G
ME,9*Y8R85C@[2ZW$WQCE#EG^*F;0HNV7?NJVNGV]U1OH+?QYH,NMCJRPPO).
M2^EW6YV!VA26-WRG=GSGV_'QG6^LGUN![ISYA[+..?!Q%SAYPMA98@8$.
M5YJ




3BJ0




(LK+MT%DONH?$.^5SH%30P0F4=&U'C'&






M/*+#AC'R[1&L&(_&@=!4?9X@GQGU@TD#
9I;
1I3 (F'THC:1M1NPR^^8ECX


0&G!$X+'V/R(\!^)= K]:


39##%XF
IG
M!S#G'EI)(SY;









M#3N/KB!S*A +[8*T


MSCE*?.47+WGVFA:Y\ 


95H^QQ;)'(L[G9V)T?=Q7S



%^B+T/4)KMI5-FT'G[G*Y3HW2?ISCN9*

P'2-EXLD
ANUS4F%FCQOSM
M7N
X 
;@&


MTJQXYFW


!Q5[I1#%KQ)72J+:<MHPGC)^S)J[?C3
C?6=!(9F).$2N(8I
?97QUS[+Z<C=;<G+/)S?1WON8IAT%


?D#EU#QNC*4X:8:HK
M#E1




UDM@N'D^7!^3QR0_]H
R=&-.@E)W*$Z2
+@&V;X=;$
M:HZ9.:08NDN81LP']T1W)RVRHP'4(T8#C(^T0X&]+NO((%C^FJ))F)DG&P

E\2U]HFU'Z[&^N!4?W.SR+'?0%U8
)+
$K 4)3@#1*!XF=03B&#'.=


M2]).#KM- 596?B0:$:&C:L&;*^ _?4B8+L] KH#2BO_8^D=2/L&1[!UC*Y

:F[2U
OME)L\






&U.!G+

?M



:;

U=K-*

2&TQ344[#./@V/P?/.3BN


@M7%U)*@^:N/AHO\Q#']]'_KM
MB6'
/]QZ$\/AOK1$M



MZNV;NZC.

!@G6A&

MWQ.A36.;5LHPK+%$B!Q$
^RN.XN&8R.:1^.XHD\9!P%2Q_'

.. P *5B*A/



4Q5;LFR?!1Z[ [0H_V
M









MZ]@XWH/JZ9V6WJE!;&ISMW439ZC&QHX -366A[4+P.Q3DZN.GUD=M/JR O)S


X:QHQI1QDL@A]9\[CYE8.]8FC'
\ML




[P(CK:.O2!!%I\YA0_

U\[H
MK)6:NI5!\.GT1EEM\-)!CC+J1RGP(BFT;X:#=3VON4%2[?1;5QPXE'6'LZ
ML?7JXL=B!U;6_HV?7:I[V@T7!.*[/M^(WXTUC

MB?UA66O#6N2S,X87J*\



MF?)S
A.==S?'NW1^=X;_H)V$X#W8[W]BC:2)[3YAZ[L?5







MW\#%QO%SXH6G+ 9;$
)RV'R8]5Z'P_P)O2]J2^G(+?RYV]- JK&7_M17NBVM
MUTF[8%(==QF'MB//6H8+6+X  YW*])/2ZFB#EM(%:'_JRU@EP1U!'54#
A[0

M S //F:& 

M#ZHJP *ZO4%+4R)$ H8[+66@
&#6;BP/K_*G()UR.\RG!$FJ0?].72]5N(M#
M?X6NZ([H.PSPC6E)D PYY)]^K6HIRCU) G-/A

I3EB;8 ASZ+VU*+(CD:
V<7:4(!Z]B1,AFUG<B4
=0ID:!HW!*A@


SH=(A%


A$W))Q[J(1
/K%FV;[0?
M
 @EX;3' *U7ZJ.

$3J




M5O DJZO1\O'91\


E=U



MV0Z]/E!F





MTO K:9RYR^O9U%ZWU='J**[J@^-!!T?$'K4QN+7'2

MN&



:%++/@;7'[(*;KC$C]K




MN +

M80P;!RR-;_^958!(,!+@ B %F[
3.R!!2R
K/RSBP&#1(C'[2
1 E@46D*
MR(/_BD&?9E3R8LF-LP*+N(/RBNJV1
W%/HP2?)EE6/_
#R(.YNZV=.$T$]P7

[PQ)^@XM





 E)OF@K2]9!U)5ZO NDM'=/9+9QQ598=PO+=7ARG*!'Q6K$9_.
M'K



M\)@7/


M%( EX9=_QAW#.0-ASZ=@X2?CA2B
17H)F,RP'G\D7*S[UG;59L$0'_!IE-B-!+$U2ROXYG8),!2K%
M-;^5TXU=.I?3%1?+9'6!7/QR64S[(7 Y*A?@8_<V$^1[ JQVTI2?G!B]R*]




M^$?J/^8VC

@+)E%V*GQ20


M[#YOZ1P!N 4Z7;L^S3S!W^*B/K'2+H&OJ;85N[)

C!N4P'!N
MHES11A1.XB
7.CDN
!^%<+0_N+.9Q+] <XY([MT$P'#(1Z085C@


8NJE YM!?Y


Q66!ANQ8
5)SVCUZJ9O=;_+83BIK5S5Y-.
@OU

TR# P,0)*;N:R&$4:<(JP+ 3ZSPR.)1]ZU15@F66&B2S+,(_HW'W<X+0
M1D)

%C?(O 0&@X4!C&TABZK/[\[GOC?.\O1/4I^AT$:0
IY=

:OA
ME76Q$2Y=;I=C$ R0)^
0TA

!L]G7


M]PJG


I


F_@+&RX@L!RZ@O/5&4188;0RQ/P6^N



V4;8V/@(4X3;*8



ZAX_ @[G) [OYSOK'F*_$C&B\
MTN/\EGUWH=_XG0% \%NN(&$AO.@:7?:R!85/Y9&3!UHHMX#UGCU0U@
6H VV
MJ8 JJXZ/U[R2Q7+7!PKX_0

M7*JHG5/F2C*_
8TDWZ/97F?N-XK/PL=O4XX;+_ .R820.[RW9:PE*Y!J$X
MA LFWVPV8Z

C?*/
@JO!8/U



R966G:C+

KVJ9);
OD4)G$412BR^8R
M4)A&#Q.LU
1P8[GW9XMI6LEB

M0YTE$]LQ\%6T5UB+)_

)'9OM5

TX*!^'B=AUNU= J7JL6)J2N3EG




MY-@PS8O







M^18D%5N0
P PI7'.

ME2$\O





M?
/87'

M










!;
78Y;I5!Q-JUZ3












J





8 @[%\M%O6U\4X



\



IVF;7:?

N]:T/D59BS4,89 WRF=HY,')K@C?/#B?(#O6285
M7_
T9H'T3#*XL?2
5NY.!
&UH

7JFV08Q+74WE-;XT&O!S





=

AV'/MIUQ%2-SQSL,@Z!4('0'1':DC3;.6CVA4;@G*&O@O-ZEY(TKK^

-

MLITUX.?DGD:#/51GZDCK[G+(OF/C%$1




;WVZ



M-.OU*IHRK$:_ X=;VKRSJ]3*S=74SS5Q
*3PP7 A;XECGAR_EJEETWS5QCRG
M[*K2\2
8MVX0N^

#[J8S+-KIWVDZT^:0G4I]QZ6BZ\^8CU4'
M+_L7VLOJY!D'[V(\YBY/1



MI79]@GS?(J*5



R14PD @/Y1*V#TS




M+&%K0A
:S3RV0LX3[OJ16T!=V+T;)+C3-ZRK#Q[(][+2?K(9BGRO215;;*+7
MA+.=!UP0+*OHC#NPJ1#Y

M


M
D#R)LTGI3(.IIN#X/G!](T/9\O6B*ZSM ZC/^OY+ ^B(YE^H#_F7L3$XOO\
M\*D:0 3.RMT] T*5-8#1FS*^J\I]$

IO







U2Y5
BW/
3:)
2$3TKQ2$U.14
5
5DHVNC!UEG-)S:BXR=;+W^
M*+
+X%XN16]S7Y*)O3#.?IVXWVC /7J:#;W+CBFX]A&WC1J2XI!#WK3=1K ]

53

M918]GN31XY+;/W.3!!-TH%AYPHN'=MP))FE8C@=!H3]PFB*&+MZ'/&:#^A?]





DY@-





LE2


MH4U0:L*C[)
H=%J=\W818R($;% OOJ<3=G( 2<SLX!EM(I9H@D%-4N05&GTX'H^


MK$0@4_
YTMC[

* EHX;JF'\[=Q%9S/U71[#8;4R
ML

T@[) $@3=W(7 N&

!5U(W4
MOJKA=8/-U(WT/%4#Y'I/;Z-


Q;*)@#5/U



'6
M1C[#)_T\7USWMN*

M[LEMG/YH[1;0KJ\!_7.=B%D*
O4JT]9%X^GA[BA^UH6V1[7]YI?2'M7VC1:W



4!L'H#S% LGK#5M7NP!KGK

MM^








MS4=VD0@??
R&WNXEA=4'BNSPW!Y4\TZVX
#KL049[UCCAR#C\
DHC\S=PP5K






M)V%Y6B/G4&/^.C153)UHUO%?A**
S.



M*)(/QZD
PXEQU!N;A\
@R6?B2-]I1*7BH(\DG
GS?7E@'






Y-TS#IV(F1J;N72#
M






MX]7]5#'+H
FH*]W#5H

4#/ +-9O C'W'@
?@8%'
7H$=23$*:

M?
8=)ZGK





F)&=S/WRD5+IFIM*7-!K?NS%E25T&$GL*=
I5(+VG
MMU'J1H\




MF(*

9S0_

M\T=2EO=DB:T\3Y2A9QEB]@Q+T-$82


7P?:E

M3F(VFO


GZ
MXO+FZO.GZX4

?OT@9;A3 C:(8KZ1+6.
V





[/Z3R_\/K(;S
M8S(!'0/OA1$6SH$H!R5:TC8D




_WE-F:





^0:&9]XW

*]\=

)[9A=S

MH2DV!Y7KZ_*%^\O\:JX.FK^



B=%-89B;\O(+*V0(0-BF'*
MFK%@Q:U0B%



'%Z7SN/RZ'O
%MNHJ\^)XE$SV4U17/
MFO_M;?ZWQVJVMEI55'3C9QG'+) (?


:VI.6=P

MV/N1^?T\GLGCF$LA IQ.





M^S$6AAQ*%5'H@^CJWM8%/\J =9D&MV15$)6J:#P'][C\6;TV*=3))4S3O
MO 7YP&H5,D'E;-.SB]A(1=/FV\H#*5DM&:M_6NC4$2'Q^1$%.)


M?ZRGF  D'1QM0]X&$@%]P!L ./
4[51/J=.Z^FC!&6TKHL7*3300FI.X/1J-


M?#
;GYF].+S^!_8R


M

P3:3QAR)/

M1VZ2#6?#Z$=:NCL1@R0)#5@-7C$3);L-D$57
%)&9UZ
O9L(PU=
4V1/9KG%
ME8 73_=Q


O9H

M5\%B)'S&#RBL^8_49Z


M?\





M.PT(2\P9K()YUEKA^LPW97F/= ;6#&A@\$7S#OR*?;2NK0)

M36=DT4?H>W^E%'QK(CV$DV\NEYT)&GZ^R\3-G
M )5]LVJT\9UR S/+SJ!B#[X]UZH^%=Y



Z=M*$@

MXYW7HW;+7Q''NJ^$/LUC;5A$Q_^H0]2RXECW[%BWY$.(R-NP-R90(U C4-.K
M%01J^HN:EK1F#QHNK[+!$Q_9X DV%^)S
:A]&#V:&,-0(U C6]6D&@IK^H
8VNON8^6G






=G%8]SM8AIB.351;
MJ


!
G-'Y]TFEN$04Q&VYQY-$[W?YUUHS=U/

OM\BEJR/?L3/OWH
M_972] SPH;D3;1;)-8;=WZ+D[]VCK 40]J.7NC.WM''[ =38LH:DL&CC@#




5;:)
MK8N4SSX/0$L6=:]MOKY$^C[ -V@DW5(:=<[3IW0_KICP)#((F*R3R0;IYDI
M.Z6#I)A$554B.T/4P:=$*%45MYX?.XT=XF@:4?0AQD!/B4[*:=QJ+J:I#7UC






MIT
EAYBJ12SGB
:B'&5;*+)#C&T([KBX/BHI*K$L&5B[_6Z:N&*#-URZN\*
M C4-0-$S:!=D0]1&

T 43-HI^033:0S
M'QR3UY(7C

9[8N.WV53_0P:GAF.02RY!TWTKP61]T9DW7:(;?3@]FU!Y+T1


M4]X3FH12$ ;8O1N%/GSY#EREA$8T[LLHDB.-9YXIEDP4I:4:BV'9TB=%9U61

MX7MOY3S6B@L'OYR%@72=A.-O]Z$/FK(GWIN8.+?%E+!
@]A*2\T01V RF;9
MQBRR3RE!T/O!+/TGEET[.$Q]]F_(TC=$U(KCD*TO5XP(;S)H1N__5U!H$:@


M6RCY85%+*/GA4












MXM+OP;*V4/*#HI90\@.B






'?/
RN L

.[]IOEJ3AJZ-











M-T^3OP%-R8? 
[W)XI5\OCRP1RRY&1Y1FR:N%^2SY9-PW=CYK*JD$ODLAH'C

NF89<^

=7!3#RN)SN-
/6
M+[&49I@JY@)-PX@]_(@M#3CY'/Y6'0;$_MMD0X/@!Z/);*!GXJK$4$*G,9+
M0/AMY!'I-^H_4+27 PWB


?(_^11'_




MJ%N2
T!SX&@MP(%M[ A0

[EVG5^?#EP/(K)=





72SP447?3ITIQ1^[=@I;F]R9K/1EBN#
=/;V)MX;O3X

MD1O$.& 2AT36FYWY?^
TAJ/Y?Q_&#!Y=^G&B4^_N%&2U\%X]_I[)9&+Z0T




MP@S\&%YX]P

MI!DJ@.;4Y.

MIJ
_=F,(W9F' L+01/S]B[^? \__^
M(HE2\&=_.BB?#W,GZUATIYTL\RPXX17_\5@X]GTE\'&),2,PL<#W_10F-*Z-
M'MM4X/^&BI\MYT#@9_OI&@)^OG[^WY]+P;WI5_?[[VY(P\ ^!B.X<?)YS2)

M/:/=6H6]YM?W 'Q#Q



;O

M;Q?F6MD5^T03\
UH3*.'NN[3&O5B6HJNJD95L&W_5CO0U:&/HCB6:9A**]!5
MN+H=Y&FR;=K&.N1M_EA+\-5'[HKIK8.?4_#AX*A*)2X";7X33Y[D;T0P36
MW7,QIAJ:*9LZ%SL;5W\V+7.O.4T %'W/LT@B73B,*#[[T?^%.\$R841=7*
MV=*-']@)DGJ'3#4M\QF0?*3@G-Z'_O]G[TV;VT:2A.&_@ICMWK?H#0 2/!H
MO]L1LGR
9^RV7DL]L_WI9 LBAB# !N'9,VO?S*SJH "(  5X28V.G91)$
M965EY7U


P





=([VY^[@+
%O8Z#UA5S6Q;NQT.@=W
MVBTNOU^/_CQ'BZU


M= 4$.:U)E(




MVT+=KPEUO[\&:E







[M V
W]M-*@\\=0FP
D]2_%1@R /H+P#F^] -K:B1LCDXK



 HF;1W'!D;0!%)C201O<^S<0_V/2?MANS3][['Q,6
M D WB9^UH9U8&#HTS-&HW[.L03799MT8VT!=&P.80AIB27FFP0QVIX5W3=A=
MX-S?LV!G2*A@..:E50<9]3:0QX?R@L^^=W_'@@5!6N0(:M;(Q,J<X9IU6@K

)%?T6Z S#Q_& *:C$HB76N
M:'^5JZS(UAT?P?9;:

M\UO--6\8,/.5!0P U(4?K+E[KO]06]D=E7\KUVK)?#J^9L,8Z#V%=T O18








MH
AGU/R*S9U3.ABT:EY







1NCTC '1M&4+^7=FZY?


MJ]54:RO/^:L7VQZT58SM$;1/81@WQ5@S&;]NG?+MKUM'T63@AGT-;B-;E@$

66@SD0/L LM7+U-4+DM)+E]H2JMKWJ&6H-KE
M.8B$=:!VY2U99@MH:N.'FPP#U2FS*31?XRB


0]<4QC!TL9L3!MO


#6-D*:Q@
XAV


9FAX<_QW8GC%HM
M; <P/6_S)M517%-532KK7BNY[9WS^#5U?.@!93 S4;JO:@_-[RR&8ZJM4#
M[@#;*;D!:EH[6U'PI(
)O[ @)LOL)R^H;RI

5(*TV3ZIN*)4;




&9^H$U8@ Y/




/NGD%LW))%

M#-[JI]LQ#HNZ]@RRS* Y&+O92&.6H7=[0[7?][%LIDU#<VNI;:*V'X?@C51

.KZFMM[4EPN!VRIV&WT





JO6)# W$'NK

8];




MGM[- \;NL(+/0[T6U-4;U_;JM\O)U=OO:E
'1%X^.;\F\M:V6#BC='.4EG2$

95USV!+I'1W*IS!ZU#6Z^HU&%[?-*WGB;*B-A7K4#88
MU$995J'HS*L)L6Y]]\#UO'^$^

M3D

6I7XQ=ZFG':B(.:K
MM]ILK

?#+O=4?\%X08]H/45U^X 5/^7@QWLDUG[




PPJ49EIKG)&9;4548%)X](\$V5]FZ
2D_T7K?XT

MRBOP'00!+:1Y&



H:MDM7:



]ATI]BKY\9T?L@^T$.#KJ &J-U6+PM^%FCQ#7N[6&V@RTGSZN




M0#P*9-17/O+CO/1NU\K'*5X4GDJTC/R81]/L#@=YZ_YE(:I
G\C/4NSU^BOE


MBMC3^



M6?3S0[Y2!;5OGK


M)]$W6+EIL?07QW
6\6(E*0?V-X&U85.%58^-&K]LNZ?C1Z+]8Q
D#MMHK7=2



MI;[

[(:A%J.%UG?&%Q2?%40/=W!

%D#FN$N#WUF88-16YLUP516:

VYWUP/-N;
EW&??

X+IN^!8H=%P^AS


M0'H]TU2C)74WA!J






'7 VA:5#:2RA+F.L%\?

MNOW^X7=Z-9F@'PLV.V'. PZ&V
UFS5'W8-=C[YO-!+X.=;(?_( Y]]XU[CAX
MRFVTD








1;\:T16LYM[9B_X
[^(?*&WS*/S9S#L&1%*T%:^L]
M[) @][:'W6F;&^WA*@Q95*8@ER8&UP,D_^ZFZVZJX6V[;JL:RZ@WZNX&K*UD
MCC5H]8Q: JJ_&ZV/

U^I1;9#
8!@H


K 2P
MW!#AWV*T_K[.^!)?XRB







\ !
M+&PLH[\:AO6S=@WO& =.1_L;]J3%UW:T6]L++VY9X



ITR)XVA:MH?#EUW88







!0Q[N(5R9D)_

F48@3WMN?\AT\L]::B#


=[0'++$&_L^+DNF7


P=IP M4]L&ESYE9M
LLB-S!7M_556_[.E\_7P8EU*N4&:F\*'GJF^ A
MO*9?PZ+^$O8E5*A0

M^X$
4WL ?2L.F 9*'-=SV0]8



+H6
WH\B&TWQK!ZB

8P+^?\X


@W S %CB
ME7<.B!S@YE=QAK&!/X$-?SO $TX\=&5*AZXS#M*

M]S/YGHZP&^ -J;!'B8G.3[C[ 5OZH3WE_
WFVS1[QAOV;U^A$.Y?*'06K
07
M[7.@47XSWO8\H/MHKYU]CLALT$

0]
!$@
MXK]ZJ??\.*[V^^=[M3G5P4U

M'MD4YF-99!64*)2UF$L%SS$G09CN0+

E+V0] 0F[SW-4PP[OLE$FBD\0LH*]V[@%#.^R0/OA8<\%N6T@?B
MI)5


2D

MQ4L9




GL]O$?:(&B'R
J]9].A[KL6!\VQ;=*&
MQ_Q[SSGGW!P9R_[X?%FVG%T?I*17PJSEDS.@/IG'0LDS(2J%XO?_@7N=:'KR

:L1+WT%E+]#PTRE*!8_P

_ JZ)RJ(]9B[\%[;]/11NRV4(; TH
M_[L-U^6^(P/#4WH3/


N\&
MO#UDF=]PYP)Z6




MK[2%_X#+RS
FF_0GLZ=S8^LG-
3@+P*$VV%#H\ .*S#S&67 A$P% =^0&KQ(


MW;BV%X&IBQY*TG3/^MRQ1F;__GSUK(3ZUFE9R8
\(!MREQ*EP3&*=7'=*^

U



M8Q(N &2WG9PG[B ?-+[5

8$6K+)8 '2WU\*(A
MFQ
C8RQ1[B0.AH ]..QQ%0OH4
82@T=C1$E/$G5'%7F8AR0T5]@LR(6\S&

G!L7V#S'QGCM6Q_^DRGX_W!U^S;3


MV&8F3*




M8GXX4F& $
A+9Y&@(10SE9*X_C-<AX5%-Z)U!0\K,I
MUP)6GDUQ0G4,D46VSCHWN)PL#\I!<+/:1?%(!

MVM7/

M!U# X).WE6*R604+
(IA3!3)6  L2VQ#7JW#

EBLG9Z!2;



%^$;(I
M8)HR88'[^CRK(&W=E*1L





IX





M_.A=')W3?H](3OSVPN3$^WSFU10(LD1.%#Z;).C&(FH0BI &]Z8J69N\H1UR

M.O\&530$)3]QL$6D8V/'XADCG=Z/B34K]L;8QQXNJ=E0L?
T?\]7Y.5J^6R2

MTIF0

M @G 5&$



M\.P;7O

&
MV%2282#


MV1]3:S21E9 DQO#B&B'6LF^W5^L1






MB)R:Q]!(P*9
 4;IS&LK=&7*3E;<131<;



M?9

M2QJ/F%I:P*/&OJASEE:
8#$YK?4(#('CK[YR_1&2QF^PVT95!VXKU%ZPS=
:JK2D&DHZ(#NO;F!?L(;=67F%)9)W8/E\9^T;$U8L<7[
MT')[P!YS892V/J8]<!4,$QR5\=QB6\6R[)* 0?3QKB/TOF1W1:!0ST4EM#9
M\#E5P^=8&?6^X/I



+5.5'2U03=&I^_L'^<$
MG!TFX&RJU1Q%7/7;XNK\BO!T\-+ JAIRLV@EV]91#^FK.U\])3GY
-[RT2A

M%)&2=^VIOXQXRV4A3#/2[CA@ 7!BN;B^$F^BV;#(RX1Q$H%+G8DZ%S/*ZE
MSX=4@L6PVKO/H21BT0F)TKR99[M(1:\S*=)$D$J:

M+^RN*[18

M(^BMI4Q&*B[YF+24OII



;FG@19H1#MA(\76HIQY$^?Q(%V49F
M6),2\I))KD5C@$2+MC=


OF(AB.%$T:9L^J@CLYJ3U.E BF ?1VJ

MQ%A3#K3

DP0O$+(^680DL;*/#C4


CJQDDDQ.^(/
)@=A4KQ]KZH?2.:)

M+W[#*/
82)//E:G)



MI?KE0



MZD0_OI]3FR



QDW9%//(]C3&6
MF$F!S7 5I)$S'0
Z




9&9/F-;S'


YG^_X #ATT*ZV





;-!%MO.ZP%?7_( RG4(TW*H(Z2
-_SA;;L_:<OM[[#Z)0L(21PO(*:/<T9)4G\C,+ HUYW.Z<D(M
M^56!G$H2P.?9KHY+630E/+R#1F;2:9WN92@0O5+(;74$IVJ!9O(?HUTX3%D
SN^. %Z+)
MC)<.V3RX6.A[L-@3C7QS)D)'E97KU :?<7X*,FOIAW+:'N^E0S-3J


IR]L[OUSA++Z!6SC-_\R[R^W

MER^4*S&E
2VAY+.U4BU)3A[

M\3+E/;RX
J_))*U=DB%?)/2 'W(Z3MKKBR&/3LBR_I5DVF
RVA/W*Q$A.O&+



MZH1F6S30MCU8G;Z0]O
M)0JO.
[.-;5'7=+ZKQ
H:;TJN*#R2M8K9UV;02\RYKL9A4)95_BAB#N_#P(0



M\-$7Q'64)DH9=RH!G0_6C3-]G(7;LC10(F1N$H21

MI OE

V'\4+://.[$GUU<\QCL%3:$NQ?Y!A?:56I$ NG?OK_&?BKV?6 O



^



\RUE)R*8L

]$8?I\9RTK(=3=O+N9SMY=XI5!@J3X)1&7@ROK$7
MSJ:2PM+B!(4B7V,OKS2^R]ADO\MI++SC,;6K!#G.2]4SHN5*, L\?FJ='#/.
M%C[ZXOS@35Y=_TV[S-/#:6N':LRS4X7GF06OO=Y
WQ:F.L[?A*0D*QOYOL1



 /\W%/B%@HT/_A%^Z_KZ_?O/WRHD5'8

MIWHBW8ZE#SOZL'\^D2
Y$:
S&@X[QG!/=Z0E)OTX=R)6Q:)W@*I_\8E?/
$G
M!HT;F\M(6Q)9]BFI#N(-^R$R)3'\!'%TQO)IO&%/#-/4.[JN/PL]=@?HP9(:
MWR
([6A'^^!S7H=SO][@E$
 FA.6AR<7:MBG)G<\'E5SU!GJ!LC/7:8^G4_[6$[;Z@QZ

@X3N.<PP0OQ8Y_#!.<PP09A
M G
WSM54)E)S1'\6/=H!:XBY%^!




HV]




UW5H4
M=?N#CCEJVK/_&/!S


+^F4


]F)91.4YXF\AS\7G#O?WP?L'O[,IAHPOF&9N8'&K

MX

%W'S#@


MM)^P3V//LK17$;PM%
U1(LK
2%+#-






MPHRS68#L;'C


?(L^D(0FT:
_KG



I;MHRD
F#T




M)PHLUG

M4




;=*G.@W )H$7?WMI[MW5UH$S ;'?=NBM(5 0+8]
MBP




M_PF_AKO/0IKTJET@ &

=3X)

_IV+6[  @.\8 $0XY+:7).^9G?S%$=7&KT


C01S'&G6J]21S?F#RSJ-E[ 'W

M OD3P/Q4GR$'

MP$VGT@U_&R_)6Y4PLQ!=Y_@-?Z/PJBB7-@._X*?$*:X_9%55
!@N5E75-\!+


V&0Z+_=2O.J


MB3 0&P$AM[#)1Q%[_$0HH'V,\&1LZ%730&*+!,F1)1A&;E_51BM )&? Q!
M\VM?L'E-;KR3/
7BXJI/X'?<C3F.0\!]&*Y?/;&@.1AMNBRX/Z)W


A+0(0-%24/-:

3;D;P*^M#-WS B/Z$+X6L*1:0VC^MY6OI44D*$.P
M5J_PM217*ZL'*=?K+*1K*I156*P7+6K''T


)F');

M
_(XK
:9IOQR&?@3QJ:A%'II*0
C4F

MP/



MT\H\U2^!OJ])966S':P[@4$)=/(0I&#G0
 /AI?ZFJ
8%IQ6_BPV(RO5R]5?
MN[%JK
M]K2)A!?]9B F((J@_R=65K&3I5



T
M5



5Y\5ZXMV=@%)B;*3
MGEP%-]JEZEQ'3ST:A7E=;#+&_E3-U%)Z]C;^;#;6 1F$L?!9;4#1'OUDV'1

XG@(?E





W$J@;Z)WAR



E^6JS


M%62A/3V6N O]Q8QNV2ZRZ._2E@%' FFH-KT')HUZY.J+ ?*-)KXOH8R+@K
M;(J5H1AW^5[
QXG8IAS3SRQ)7)!5%[&!!
25V^E(7YGI0]P$]?BOPJ&#Y;







MJ]T#6=&IB)+XW9.-%KLG[]FH\;@-E(^E]M0NM@GL48/DMI16
\RC(//4VL3]

M3Q?[!E@W!V@AJAT&$
'\-+D*1N&
?G6_O_L^IT%

M)^

K$;S7QNRV 7F&VZ=$HB[@@(C;C0=-J

M@NL2
X@[ D(C+C1MV0E'\FCY;K[@8NAU^A='#(383:)'A)9T6VB&#4=*"1
MA22RJNC$,9J\L:(]\Q3/X@5@*C5:O(
4MP16HKL.?T*ZPD'L*41M=&[+/IF
M;.



WB.K4Y
-U
M:W
X'2(KJH/!F)X36;5MHE@=,9@0DW%X;0]!F:HUN22# Q%H;0]!F:(^_E









E-P
JKZ#H4[0@J



M5[IS_0471LF%


D8NI88_
;7#Y87H*4
MYV;PK(R=U\H+-B4W&$M^R&8$1BDDF@4T]2.SS+MJ9NH.
ZNQ+J'V 0\Y&[.U
MH5:U3UP]
(DT2I


4WBRV#\



D-1R0%HW?E\JOTVWJU8X8=
GG[^[
:^*8
M9^^VR;9ETV2[\M/KSW86J^Q*
RDM]Q\]


M*B=B1F@6




; AY K*HHPZAC



MZDN+A)'E/_D7TGM_X+=[KP.84FV'[FW/+B?8USE6J ] 6GK=B%2?H;AOY-



M]8!TR&RJWE![4G1R





B

-
M/?#FT&S!R13J0OA
W%G:S0VZO3!(P2.%NI!P HOG^R6O/HE='R80T(2L_B&[


P;0^K.\YELUT&]ZNE\T(
M#B^6S3P+UYME^^2ZL]VO915'84Q8D6=P2$!J%!:!:DXFIOUXYP1/\T79





4:\
B


/Q5#3B5K7N15*83
D&M:4@H]**80
M*A91K9O!=WA+8VLJ$ C9JWB%!--K0X698\-C6P:=*V#A$=KK8@:$K^D
1



M$RZI0&D41AIEV2&7I,[WS%I%(@.*+$HL3M'XR+;:(U1;L/F4MO(G H\QB#

M( 5:&$*#T T0HV T(@+35M^+M9!]JGVXUR1':*8 J0\=C$,UUI;.P$JY+
MJSD*T1W:@JB]G;;/$C+R4


G=&LLE





MND5DM:;C7I2B





&&+W.ZG)^A


NXZ8E
'L6!G%_
N4 !.%'RJ+)-;!V/?)H4



8YK$




MLI*$D!


M/W1#$K

M(EVWG
0= :%!:#H(3:==D5^C



ZH*'O\(8L2
VAX;C@&L60!BKU?(I$;([)N.\0V!.@2
MC41NC

%*6F'(MNV=(G
M16=5D9G/A'3N.YUUDQGE3DW7@R*=A:6S(=M$LVIROIJA


O9D%F$9Q8=:GC


=(*627T-3-7\EK9N1I6)H2K$T:W3
 7-$ *F:@R[7TCMSW]6JS;W^V:/*Y^=736;/!
M^<$$N]3$N#*C9')6@,3A6:(/LBJRZF96/:09,[(JLFI'FDHCJR*K=J0Y]A/.
MD^<5\]=K@0*TR?;Q#[90BX
H4%H3A*:FA0L5CSV;F$(#4)SDM!TVN;$/MFM
M]

B.JBJ7M*=#*)
M):M$=GJ3JMI3.ME$





I



CY?<U.PA%*.O(E26R:^ON)/R91&'SSWQO.]Q&.24;(P


]J]L/O]Z&[+]



M0
YZ)E(#:0NGOI@*N/I?*'O;B)G]_-T?PV!
QXL1=RZSF7(/]37S%\9OPAE\
MPI]\$\9[2.R6V


M.(
F5[(+
33-L
N-WKI64JC7&B+) T76;6O9D]OVED-GM%/\1E%5M12_*C-:



?


MQK+9LY_#V#O$W]R32.53NZ9)XO
3O_@?7C)ES[
<F8782ZEH_F=YW5+RO9!D7RP#Q9RQ1(
M
Q-:24_X.J4\7S 

)


6



MA24&


M;QF((Z]*S4V%F3Q]SWJ@CST!


9L+9#%X\]#01*]VRVX:/NNWF0?E ($V#

M@/)Y#J5+]OT
%+*$

M
B7V[=4D#)
@3.@']HOTG7^4/
P9GFQI%!+RS[)/HQ!0GB;)_-7%Q?W]_?#[

'2[V*J;L=7JPE;;@*UV.+;:!FPW

N;(T-V!J'8VMLP';#T.UB
M:VS&UJH+6W

76#6+9#X&?=4(AA.GR

- &M
9&X/P ) 7+*@$(25?
ERDYV[$Y\-&B!<W_V;
DD;L@H7K\X@LO2=IO

M!TZ





\^3:G+EMK

M;
LB,06FR8'\*<_J]<%H[# 1

ML7(?^(68()V^S\W4&_9

V7Z;+XLP.

1F)6L@N'@K#6F?L B





D6YYY9)OY+OCL\VFU0/C2'+_W V%YF

[


M



M852;7:+:TK0
H/I=WH

8_+



S

M37;+ENR

#C4:_




M*?MV]


D

9\37UJB6&*+5$
:

DQX#K6AQ$81(A1BZJ0<B?0.<V!O

X9)K3Q0
G3)



Y._ADA
M;QLVQ7!&S0R.=M%
4-S5<U;K
M.1;4 J6,J!/ 4+@AOO2Q[@@'!\SUV'@! R.8BM FI5VG%6:PJFT%6%%@!9)



M

MT00-FGD\3E\K3




MZ()RLZ1SP70Z]=\)V[P'H
M^.YA9%;GHVKP?T*G&G+O65;
=S*R:7/B])8_=
MZ:8\]:?KQ0QBUDDN(]/ W;J*,\'ZNHP@YC5D0O:RW*#G3+,B2I=(=O!S$K)
MQ??&I%6GF;(,2VJ9-P8M9&+_(NS+9T:2M
NNAZ
$&9%Y$+V*BF83BV[YF)&
MQ
<HZ?U9FT*5I$M/7IBW X?<SLY


M]Y(;I\-LP+E
4(L
N+L;4IAB+5Y830!F$\AEH%)IUV[Y*U&#-FSCTG5JO:H(
M:U:.Z7)!9OPEF+LEH.CZ0?&PV0IE5L_VZPG=K?PRA722F$61U;KC1TNBC7

MLHU5//SJ-##K


][D?YKQUL8@LFLSGDDG&US$'K&NE]
M=X:PGQGB




M[AVK6?^Y])U!_]F=*%4U571H@@F14W$\1,*W;Q:R6)TB'/@#)?'@C(C^^J


)P/VB--M)+A-8V4X2&O2Y1)*!TG1T9K)W
RD( )\0O]& WN2R@$]H0%T4
M6


AY9*E.RQ'$55(D959CUZBA#:D$==9F&=X?+/LI$I%:+/&

M]

MLTWDTH65'GQ)6TA1D]2K/?__[$+^1P8D]V2&'E6)#_4?#P1UEP[
RF'9@I/9



@1
A2Z^]BR%




MSE2DC
^*/D5564V%#9._RC5$G/ 3SRJ9=OO;OU6B\DJ(@-BC@
MWVX =SU:I

?1A@J!'B2#429W+^BHX\A]FH\'/@_D= I
MT_=+A6VB%@






P'L/*T\Z7@





MG7GH(WH2;!@=05%WJ
(3?F)CV+7:M#-CDW_A)/SRH-BL(*7\%H*VD\T+=^EX

MED._NYF

M7FVS0)_-.9%;/C%

M?#$-?$G/Q!OF=TKSW/U$^V893QRCZ$A@])93GL
J@





GI
L^5&]+R(03 S.#

.M4+O.Y[;G8LKVD9I90F\+@FWI3 $UA*^'85(]S4D5P*:9B:Z4



D1T=W[LF#YSS(L$_/Y='L
M4*P

%S8I[-*\(VS=)DY4T6
M7B @XE8?[0RX3PA+=F_D=F'Q2KM+PW8Q.UG0W9BMUK!I9C
F9_0U6D.T)NC)



BI K;9K

MTP1.R(^ .AD2LX5-$YE]'R?CZY;5-DUV_&CVYD:8]DIP9NQ7 FV:(?7^!;%+
(+

MQ_SZ T!2!A\ &A))0%.;#[$MH1O] KK1:  __^UI&:$'3-(PB3_M';X^V$
X
M]I
__QNB_W[^C\D$G8<X



F99\O%=!

MY]]635LMG^Y(5/5QO%^1L\9

P]JF9+/=9
MFWVJIWR)X^PD#L[B+


A'6\5\@H-GSB@Z=


-

&@S#




(QH5!#0,
MR)YOZ=<IU19@W:$#ZY5&Y@=#/M&G; FW*M3*]/[+0!DSY32!2

NQOW

MUSY&]^






S./3^
J
^#Z;/_CAR5





_3%F(
MV9=



MA0ZP9;Z\IHV]J#2GE#KA\HQ1O.#K9J#M#M_Q@!6'QDJ&  ]?\2!.#'C!I'B-


M8
9E=D+4T@HVY<REAG(C!I.SW#
MSFFI67-$:2UJB&F
654PJ?P

M?
'9?1*\U$@K/(D4P T7+]&#ADWGU%(O.&POF+\FL:\+S$QPP)3WSH[RS(7A






M#K6Y-BAN

M

V*2SJT*M

?WQS
)*K


M&W.$6GK.J;O(
ZCS*6(;V[%?FU[E+#V
SEU3XIJ7TN#*N\%U/KX#P':0!U2O
ME%7WEG]T\+^8Y
F#%T;%AI=0%5=ND_''%^4Z



M%L+D:;
MLSNZ[

#H&$F

 J]#'#[M0D.8
+FX
]E$3J9[H)=5!.:
FFI
M 0-J?Z?S=2#)]:GP3@_?I*+^C%U:O6-7VJ'TH3B*:C-
0$WO9J9N8ZGLSFCG

SD^7.V$+CN16V=%ZVL/80&!(@5:STWG!'J2^ PN,
MJJ2R9$=SV ,#;2-74\9@N6X T:PR0






M[M7)SCG-

RPV



M;\)%'

_1-R(]HQ*[(QG 3]Z


V0Y'('H9]#/V:**T/JM&\;LFQ14&;KTO.%SN&TH

(ND:#+







)B$470Z*XEDHA;)1]THHI0Q/96D$ J ZJ(Y<C+X*PD^








M\%Q.O\;M:J%M#]TMM&HB'@?K&VI.,E4I,SM4IBC;)P0H](['+
2LSMTY3G

5
MIV
$

MHXT%-W[]



S!



M#


MVPG4Y3E


RL#(P^E\TT6

MQ-[X?E[5WYC;QI+G-D#E*N]:YQ'D#V_8*%:1\8HO+A[OM6 \Y6?


3?R* #/V?GWZ^HH&7%[)[_V^3;_SR9!R4S@%
MU:H


Y(A4*1F#SE@,8C1?Q[6/RL%5

*A$UEY]SZ&\X).QG8FQT(R&RO;


M5J?/Y9?* *G]AFWW


#$W
#
S

XLN;[1NQ_X-:)



.W^Y_
M#KR]/8-V_T1Q2.CWVXM%N]

7GTGPC]D;P-B%ES=R2C 5JT

4H#?S6KP56;W]+U^^O!._



V


\C


IW1
MY
\B0SEA=O=-Q94/]AB@-S<X&R3JO4_5?&A@^BT<LYCME)&_O1


.1%&3UW*
@H3AFE

MS9EJ4+

UI+V#(%[P'1].4F
M\O.K^GDQLP&S8:M]G2EJ@M.@I;XX*0F9Z34X17L1HP(BLSF?S?JQ( 6F[F2S
M3)@%!S-TT(Y:E, 9ETX-@+.LS2CJ$SOV3,_$1FJ3OT1T.$]4,UI;U:Y+XM


I89MP$6
43\2Y
MV7#L=M]QAQZ'M4$VJ=R]QT-Y84 3+L5;]







M*N0[%*7)_!NA5.Z]WR]2F?Q;\?5H01F3&[I@?RY@B_Q[%(F^1T5A6=EW#I N

ZT\



7

M1/$CHBD6


M;6.I6/HC82:\UK:UK:K6
UM;6#]S<<$RHN
M2?.+SU

MEF8(_Y?'()V0)%4
D4U:=7Y8;


XB30UJS:?+\(EL

MQ9F/LTH:G5OTSPPG.$5WB#[B .7
W^:9Q7@!S1U&USV[.W3Z%  X[$J6LK^^
M6Y
-H_R'M=!4@_#BSQO$J=J-

M1'U6)O(NK'@75MP2CQ7]CQ5]I!UIHXFEI=V.XA8Q:%K;N7KM.K4Z'R=J*'


JS_$MENB0'0YX=D5_HM #S-NP%0!GK!#49
5-


MB50\-B6G^/
ZQ:(%KVAB+IHQM:Z67*R8G](I]HG=.T%JW(/O(
]SRA./4#






P&7
MWE8Z94(*L

+!;BHPMA ^()J^W$1^_@+\W$_A%#U0%&!Q
D6&EK-N0^MHT8 H_ ME/DB_3<1NB6BK9=W'J(9
MA
-V('C^&DKNR97G3RR%U


K&B\\Z@N=WYT.S\ZQ_WH-M@O-YO3
MQR_R!M1.'YUVZK8;20_R=LT+2$[QE3_3IDW2U[3CPM('B;#IBI#YSQEN@/?



#KC+N:CB
M&*_W@QGW
NE


MW9G]ML_LMPN?W87/[L)G=^&SN_!9Q\)GY3ZWY(&M@5/DA_SA21Q%B(I'YOWX

MNZO.8NW



 O24_2(
M(B+





MKQ'X!5^@K7G+H#\G66L:P;R]5PC\@BT(=[L!X0J&E*_HJNMM
XYS\B&\/EJ]
M)+A%24IQD**0)V

MM^WN
HZZ?:LB*'K
N2ON)65!JQY)=VHKB7G,VL( VX:'N=DP+


HO&L1A0;FL&-2T%25EOJJ8
9VB% =^)#?6?.C-6./]LD+.SGBS,]Z\7N,-X^UZO#HG-08<L(;C1AP-
MI\X9<B3T7O)%FFI-!]J:EHP[.@3T@,D$X)ZIIS/DG#;_M(MNC\:@XJ3Z;$?
M_U =!]8*V3+OF
X)HB*\%XO.AG:&_?=;(V&8?E@3L/PPW4_J#=5&?
7.&VKG


;2'.E#F_K%Q.B<7W',=^'& _6C7<
IU4\*L

MYO


MH=3);PHD [7E/:L;_




MS4_9_&;;-^
61@:NXSX^.MK!L[=#*)77X[/Q& 7IR@
IIL!IFMDV+(W8 =5



E





0B4]U;!=;C9Q?-Z&PY#V) 7$%:77 I.?$I?
MF*($VNRES*_6VC;H9-2#8-EU$+B4W#3<(BX;1O^&?JAP.^X#VH0?$&+KN5D1
MVWK#/(<8.B%)FEPAY5245G ?-7A(#IVO0J^QPD*

FW





1WD6P1&8QQCQ
;B7%HD-3E'J














S -9\\/F

MQXB-WZ7B-S?\B_2'%.%)K

!_?]R@\[Y<5@EP0

G[%[J3KG&O]@\E)V\J+0\W.X].\-<#T9 'UL4\5(BI

M&CT-(IN];HB]0B:X #GIXK^+PFC;(]DMC_Y=%


#2P;7.


EN2BB



-.+PC0



$70Y
V0$JSFXO=IJ:GDAK7M3VYTM7HT/7S1B<<0P/) ?O=

QC+ITX6@[V[A43;




M'YM-Y+&UGE75\Z'8

MR#MGYSOE

MAFD@VE6:P;6G


1QM
M 4T!]D?L-OJPKP=@ZU]ED'[P6L92FX[C?Q,PTXO&@P.N!1WT[JG@NVFN
X

@Q8\X?;E!-
VU@R'Y7J2X

M6$F2S0S$]ZF%+$0%

JXK:W


W06LV8V=9K8D4 '


*^G*'@7/<



C^-S'/MQ@/WH#M%''/!


A@G6H]PH^JV\L*933;2





MOJ XF?YMBI


M2[#_^1


X4C

%4^VFN430.XC#6Z[+1$7P

M%Q^T^NAF3H97T.'EA
R?WTR\

J-
M[.*C=O%1/U-\U



MYP'&DI2'!C(BUNZYW#FL# M(/0V
6F\-^_GC\DHE8MY*5?EV*ADHAK80P%
MK9S#^4


:M: (/[4;%(W_F:&
*E.DKY89

M2I'1@26#8!UA2B@&Q=EN^H.O/*R)'B.DS/B[7FITL 4[D)QH4*Z--Z'V;=]?

MDL*O!3^0-0BVIA'VTJU)TOMR_

?



.G/R'G439;W4



M4ER@DWRY2G&%Z0_BPS^C[[\]^D.
_2<Z_S,Z/;_Z
M]F5.[3B-*DK?O[=^]-WOZ?_Y^C[^Z.??CYZ__
/O___'+]71=6Z;+_W[N5=



%-
MN





ZK6


A



M5L^IN3*# :6OQHH9=4./OK[


*F9#@47:MC8A@/8O6JHT-Z[7.



MBT6Q(58V9

M\/7\I





M1$J+\CGJ4*
H2RB8LL.H\[=[^L\RBNM
P/VYC

*C8


(]?N[^8
KT\!(2]5^=K6/^N



EBNLON2B)PN%
Z?1+I+R+



MEJ!'AVCGV6'JH$0O$5D?DE2!0M(&)1LPQ$*&A H,@FA2)Z'F%WA1+4\PYY


L
MF67).6V$N.,5?\HR,.:Y0?9#U=&R @%M-'F-:CS%@ @F.U'N*158=$7;8]
M'-PXP/)^0;:&I9.

CI( @0
M3$R:V8Z!@(6

BL1P#VBOB*D4J_W
M[D^7  R$5%I)MPH8S=Z/=SNABGM*AN_S^#?J/*G+9-%=JI!+V
G



MZ%VOL/!

M?;B.9PMGIZ[O$D[1^;*BJN[?4($#@*2:$0(?@D& )8JX(*!+-P$ 9#45_;\A
M@M;]DF;&WO\^7._3+893[W?HINA]24U5[[=$X'I_J)FQ]W\(UOMWY
6E\SMD
M$_2]I*2BZUL::#T_5
S8\;_?\RLC$=O0$6V/#WX/]IZ(2JWV$9'NCR Z5Z61






M5R







G?
MUGA=Z!-]A@3!LA&5BK4)A[U?072E4B4I;; FVG




.B1T!9O)@@2L'

QB71P\7.$JS8@J/R

MF1$$S'RU'8*

=C/N







MGYL%25.R.B_RTA!*5A %QYK%6S#Q1+%Y!UO5$L*0MQGW.R/PHGOB ]K.
M5M $+7RH4J]7]K!+ **G=5JI2Q[N=\H_N9G%?UN3DLCO%G7G
259L*G?H&0[
$@S4-1*8):LR+*BP0SZG#O<D8L<?SM8_[T78()FPR_9_]@
M:/N^


M5'

M14/-

M
&K-M$!IR1&GGWW*IR@N= LD?VA


OFMHPH)!H5X?AT0$0M=+ 0! B3CGA_+*IIWWB&AS


C!@<U!2^^I2L7EUZ1!EF^KHC3-G^G


!VNX '!J%E!

:F8)_ ZG


?_O##&UOU6? \#69-N 2'/0N^FI]A=#?SM]7K

D






. IUCB1






1R-Z

:#2*
M*7


M3#(
QT*/P@(JF%H/'PX^OW[





3[Z6)_@NH
MZ\N?2$:7QRRP(((%&MMELI#XT2G91
MPUQ3N[1M&F3WL4SHKG
+F]3N%E(8TW8?TW[
M/.(#7^SIJKG>5Z
ME

E/
+
MK3P*-KC5FE(MR9S@Q.&FL1M_\(O'/F9)]Y!=F

92#=2M#D@-V%]O)9__#R
M37

=Z^6
7-J:VXP;2TE4&T
H=#HIG@#.3





%U%*K9@E2Y(1MFYB=37
H+)R!74_;B;T7)*9!0S&W/24O);@$L^F
M]/A@88_G7Y[B58%CPG
FF9WV]' [6_!BI Y&2

A4-CA
M 8*]%69#@MV!;

M]V8

%T%'

M#O;2=/HEQ4X_!VL#MG]#S1NY!RZ=
MA=.?2






M3  _Q4R$B(.W ]5?

K7=$#Q66$A@;V=P



7$M$
MU48(BEHI\



M!/[5Q;#QIQ4N2)[0'BHJT_2Q8]N&#F.4O8(%! /XEAP:^(J6TZEM::MI^4*
M+L=Z6C5*FE):T /)'X*V]1,N'O(2.^83?C#$DWL[B!#DKD?4='O=%TPI\.1

M
I&&(

0

M
J^-?XO*

M$ZF3#X&=FR*GMXC?A\




MH





VX!553QE;VVP
MC#\V4^DR_OXH4@8U#;X[\2%'RJX;I3M\=B4;6G!VQW;)@=N'DB0D*EY10IY(

C
MK//1)@

J8QQR0GJ\DT.O!'*NBQX%&=FU0*C*/[;

P(&;):;2?#


X?


YTM&=C!P-1?YR%J9_U-LCY&LQ(2]Q*D
MZ2AQ/=_L(=0+OK*V31$Z&DG5/AF*S.;6,XH(9,#=EO-+;#M!';VCN=+TM/
MHG)QGN;/I?MJ5


H=FJ.
M=
?\N:#*&J_&38WC0O3)_GQ6F^?JCFZW06Q_DZTP=6






3*@P&]+



A=9EZVWTT^\U6QW9;+E


MB?CV!C?GXN
E04'L3JQ096ULKN[TKNVP-VNJK;
Y]N=2;79[#'B[J*D=KZNQ
M-E]LDP




M*HQ:S=&!5



M**E9$;_WS8I[BU
^J


?



M7\$8)6IK;_C;X


+4TS^HD(B?XQQG61[L


SH'%L4K';*_1.G:HX
'



_^EO
ZD

M;7PZ8CF5.
\.V/F\:ZI/R

+OY'0S
%$K)5[-K




3Y&3;$GQLW*#1ZJ:RO

MO

MXIXR0D)UE'E=K'H)  /6
5H/T=K(X)YV(P4)


M#



MEMX @C$B:MMNHJ)ZO2\BJEOL\O:VG2TDIEV-Z(+6Q@
&E8Z*RJ=SPCUS/M1E

JVX
=/%Y]#I9UT(6!5W;5D(@

MK)^

;L=HK2K@4\L01Y)=*9!C%T[&VZ_*^ D!!VK+)1D?
'
M'YE+OL6KO. %Z2W/:&C)@V:)6)3N)85H:




MJ5KY8T;LNP$/OK 97XYF]/.\+$Q@ .BJJ9S3Q?E0AQ$&[-IRS6YHTY-/4CC;


Q9CA*V8KX31W
MG)A0Z-K&R 9P8V2 P. 6BBO*432B4V+H[,C#7%Q,;=06&MWNWM+.'_F8I





PBID\!!B!*M89XH$1L
M4=62P0#%%7[NWTI\HS^

<)W.%X7A)6].7N)TW6DW
*!E8^

%3<AN!<# IC:E<'0Z*+1$T'$IH/ PZ*RJ7V-D /$Q?!X




QF
$C(YT+?5




XZ
5VITZ



KY?+


V'D5&RR?J/Y;K








M;-63AKI-8U.V@9*.;O+ISD$YW?-JK^A)5'AM&?:!_%0UT6VT3*-UL-YQ$08
M@MF11LDJ*E X

MFD;SX)_HR3TWLS3O[)F9P4#75V/+BWI)YT6]=/.B7@3P1;WF5;7F+1=VHL1G


MZ1%5T0LJL-B757E[^L QOFKDP@!VY\T$
W95A!.]=F% H$P%!F1:U0S/6\
@)@6#'[-^TB./^*%IS7
M_*3).I/N<^!N5R?[^%4M8/9E
NH/7XN\/&5T9D$L%+R2YHJY']A7/\-PT5M

+M&(95Q@H)=2PXWL#FE-!?PN0N:BNUI0!W+SVNB)[1
MLI&%4B$


_[4Z85@2'Z



# ;$OAK;KOZ)

7)]W\




?FP


M5IOLPBK?%0G)NEU+]\(A%]^U+FVB3N_(6I_9HZ

MJ]I=-Z(EGAQ-KAI*R:$-/4?4O.: @2C^B@H[4[A8L@*[XN4]$Z1




M9!C,4!&@T'-
DGYTE4< *:U]4%P8/:H*1(V](4'F9TX68$R.TW $?I8<HY+PP



8F]^3!A 7P)ENL *NQOH4%TFG56UVD=*VK




ZDEG$'F%




M&%&ZX=SEG*V\?]?=1)PLJ$ZXO
C:ESCOU@\I69(AN'P80]W#\S.DN8OGQC4Y
MOKQ5M6ST8L'/BF.V[W6SBM6'7 8



MT7D+N58$8C+8?S



MJ!!
:
6XZ';V83^+R)

Y*S&=7=E;8-KH


M0DX8SF8
7IPT






M:KZ




$^#

MO0&#6%O@5$S]?E!S99[B8-O-(&516B
G& AZJ:M=Z3528*&QMVH8ATDW$5
@


MWAK133J#P87:7!76++A@^0OS?.V1\3U&4$@_
M[0+EC]I8#Q+Z-5UZ[6 
5_

KL!T
55?1VEOF)X@*(*


MF7P
[=TT:;_%&- #?V\Y[K\G0%WLJ#V4 *'F\M;-+;75Z -M1%-Y#O./#[Q
MI@:9OUW2,HM+8.^/;57XZ.&Y^T

M%-GDOJFAXVB



I]%HT_:
9^V0CE/^UE$]-6.Z';]X[+

M4GQ

MX+4.*XG[4_'K?1%E9:I
M_)G#U?IW=^H3;5W=UX0.!VAL*Z41ERSH(KQ4'3O



MDP/H9%['TTOO/)7]?&I2].ZPL8RXW\%WX(Z8W1FG?N\#:KZ*U!#Z:KJ]V)!K

MKJ

C4].OL1E^3/Z!6IBLF38%78.17#22?'64=8(
$H'




MF[V4]B8OB:DXX6Y$ \#KJ

E=\QZ


M7C[@XGK.?RUG3Q%)V=6D\[SX2'EUAY+[^US0YQ3VW&B]YQ;V]TP





OK_A?


MV*;:J;!ASG9=.#E=%ZTU8F/6]4MG+[B(2:D)^WI+ ;C#&6^#7QP(-_PHX=_A



M[W)UK6B


DWAG27LT4@=K#[:
MTTF_Q'.D#]#*^&YA@ZYK6\HO8X8^SXLY)M6:I7YF[&D94C^YV@!^3Z/*X;MO



$8L[V=




M/SX6_*807774](&FADCO%I9W];D^KU(BNK8LVSA'@)@/M%E-4MU58/W\]-
OLRV: ??O[+&/'J1@TSW/O?_L<9

%
 U[J#H'+.!!G.4 M$_H+X_AO&
#D
M@]I:C6RJTF#FNPL BV:9*ECQRZ'@LOG'^/QV(
















M+K(H/5F75;[$14FWC.SDYI(\X616EK@J[]FC([H3]BV%!LWHW4D#])(BMI((
M!O [
4.Z/5H+9?D3C5B1&=


Z2(


M)(@H%-X@09&N8*$/E1+BI':3V(DGAPZKAKJ3Z5ZJ $PDND,L;%C]A21EU4
M[_
3GB?


DM9
M%;(1OQ%8]^+L^C;UE&F4?GDSQ-.89%?0VC'QDO*I2+V=;8QON
E3

C&AYWWT4B<''.,,SXER):\A#77?H_]^S[WMVH=-
MVV&GU1U612_HZSKGX1OK@GZTC]%H9W0F#CRAO(:S^HU[L#* \ .N6CICY^?I
MERDB8J :S^(70(N*@4(.:P7!L9\;S5RT<4#*),'N*VN4:Z\G#WZ?O(L-2DF7
MCT6(RVW@!#PYZ42(.J$N0QR)4P4]VUKJ(O&L1 7L#B/6CWI5&'J8-O'@FU=
MBURS4.K\#


M
5K07Y




^2
M?Q_-**1K%6J!S[42@. EYK:=X\M7[%L V$B;]#4;Z^7!%P4S=CQ2E%%Z/;\I


M%9&DJ6
[RQ+^@F6]))+/_

MLZ#[BSYH\LU^!=$-!7Y%3!U&%R5/?(W) /3(KA.@;A5M!D#TP#^$:;_315E
MUUX\U434VY[SBZSU=\4=$%[MC#JC;]$L+7.F.UT
LF7A2$OX$JY=26Z6K)$X



/KX9-&1V:#REYY*I-LHKE


M*BZO8BT
H*#BJNT01O*-L9W8/HM$8B=S93]-EU\1AEY._BJ2:ZY&IN;MWD
M*8E?M3WGR :J__QT5HUG%NZCO9AL.I3/V2Q&UI'-5WAY(UW$V#AK]?HO)7I8
MER3#92GV+

MQ^I(+%H3$G-& 67V9-X37;TNF2/BZV7Z9:9KVQ3\$SB*%ZWD-HS(CK?*MC43
MS-9!)!
-^#7[

MGRBXI$W$]T$+'.F=I3RB@ 61(R1 0HD6Q@P!C?)YG,H%M_C^%AMOBA)U
M8M:J?

3439)

TLX$_)$-(9.J;F0V

M1Q%@

7%
MZXD(?.IVLQ8&4!WNJJV\QVWXT(81U9Q3[G?97++BCUQGR5T^KYZC O
:*=)Y
MH(X05/_8M%27@]DDO/)+4BDO1+Y:O)8DCM(F873=20[-\F))?Z%MRY_KI8R]



 IV/[

M(_.

1V0Q)YCEO_!4F.HUQ=+5

MDAYSX


.7:'B? @
M*S5-CE%U?H35'0K-I

M1SJ

RPGRPV2;NJ5*I?B2R2Q:J+*L]FA/NB
]U+J7=

:06%WF65&^IYL-
MO:H/B(M%7A4.K
;H46'EJ6P?*\%&!!]I



MFB1VHYL4J(SN5





U= +_;X3X\J*9H' ?
MJA^^L32&(C7XBE;K+.JH&DT3Z-+;JJ2L;0N.P0U]H97A)
%H$)R5^W[L+[[





+/X6TLXJF+);N?
C*AO;

MV%1$ 0W\.8M^IX[=F.8G5*8U]3)V8( BH%$7[)]5G#C
VOD1E6%MFAEK$$D3
MT+B?JOLLCZ =*HM:F;8JD=#8)Q^D1F5^+U6-O?
6DVA.I2OKS'2]\2 8B;;A


?@DZM@_G


J&F59)#&.SYM!].7.X6JGIJ
M


I+/F\8U

#);\

51</&_C7/M]G$5]
MI/TY46$]66T;VJPF)0N6;^!3990O03,MG1UHV$E7K6-EJE.959ROQB@AA[6


?$.BIO9'2*2


M#'$/#SE[X/


?*XV#


MIWK.#_0%/E F2$DD;L%I

M4-C=^5SQ$L%


MW=OJ;<2K-[%!ID;H?[OJ !Q
M*#=\7!*G?
V]:;:9EV+-#8


-C#VY7@F
Q8/.H2IU'U1BNL6





M4TV*R/ C%L=I:A\;!S*M&
O661+Q@


MTWT


M&A#+L

B) 2%DU]WP
VA#^R
LYM39D&




MT]



M?.I +V*[FSS1-V;VP\U +F
T4^8OPG4J7R _L^03+ASQ;_N%/*9S(W*%'91V






M9T0PA[S-Q(/DN&37\2


M&WSZ'8N(M?Y3^B#*:%BJV1]*)B(?.=BK]-VE%MPJ&$) -ND*G\GE0DL\$?+%





MK1'_5Z'3'\[)U;0%Z\HO$(U
E0G]@!Z_GJU[D^)Z++L]IR2YIG+L+5R/0Z\\5Z/B; T4,9*P
MA,($-:@<M@2WU\


_LK1BCERS'@DB@%R:


#$W
#
S

XLN?WC=C_0=L;
M&]$O8JJKJ[KZW)G=D*\:[W/9?K:K^\U^Z: I2
(616IXV-;\]0N0E
0#1X(D

9#1=_^^;S


'KRGJ/X2_*='\&&






@,$  ]
MS::#TO(QBF;/- B8EER&[.RZH(\!F2:)_GP%Z#DHI7<,DICZ3(_Y$J,A3MQX
M4'JNHY2P16[C<;9#]ITU3;W@BA37!15Q@)X6Y@!(\ZU\_R**5L^3[.8[0C^
MAOWSV8MGIU&8QIZOU3-@[T$IOHVC)\HOZ.QKQ4'LP7O1KF6:7@/OV9'_Y0V_

W8

\)0PMP[]!U&Y1&O@_2?*%/^$2
M\EV=:9E^WP+T')A2=F'D*@^1H;CQL/L&B1:QMUY2'VXN4/89E+K_R)CZD#C8


R)]WM<-!O''P??\/?Y&990&[F4T;AC#=E
M]-P3/XMIRB@]?_&#;$9F%W&TXC,X2W-.;^;G7APRCOAX^4@E2P,<:S1-'[I
MFKU:82'0UJG.


M&4Y[6.=#610J8FZVBLF

M%86+-^P&O#HCC\#M?-B/6#@?=CH5'F0F2RQEA@0;CG((#FH7 ?[;$S*/8K)K



MR'=7.MSD
?O

M;


K=G&'7C#P\B#OL5;67AX 5

MI3HE;!





MWCTD_/H#!J32& H'IKNWAG


M&N7= I*J[FSIPNUA$4P2%C%@08/FLF#!I(E][M_\@+O1G24R^.-^QLDN=V
MEJ
#[.[LT0



M*D@F8Q0N'DB\NJ(AN9D7^2L5N E;0^&R=H.&R3LL(()FORN7\VZJ3%MU)M



MU:BO




Q@ON&P(5SG
.H!



0V+HZFKLZ\@VA\S6XRAG;AK.SFB0

9M?Q
MG)?%


$H@ 1OH]5UW#^!!

'E1L2WI-7.P#[AV.1M&#P:6-WXEDC_:


G%4^UB2FT8Q1':?N[9X&^7*Z)\FQ

M(C?;61;S'2U?G_*TB-?D.?^+TM 'ZH[FP ?:ZJ'B0(U@L7-UA[#5WW6VAKX8

MLX?'NE W2V;#^XZE4,?M+N*$M'Z?$=FA+$_NXE/O2 0*+-F?0;T=YW9P6Q]
M!@MD_#&!);_K+/:7'E-/=D\(RF-14JN50/@*
YS1IAJ@Y%TQJ\3E5)S#Y'D



M+6!&_& Z*X%68:Y6C\TSWQWY9T83FI)[$C]1GQ3LWA$_6H3Y*)H'%?M?ANJ-


M##PISHP3!IB+L?N?^MMRFF\.S$#K+J7FAB6#K@)$'#N2:%L;YY QN:3K

ME
%\LOG

MZ#&IA N=DXFRE^LXX0

M@NSTD/OG;_WT*TR7'F6@0H+@
9S'*1_V(&$H6ZPZL;W4
GD1^J0NN@#K[3PV
MN0
:BS!5T0R,4E_,+C89/JVYBL/3HKC2')-QS8Q=:/$T2(C0TL*&Z


M(=G6#P)H%^TA36J'\5I#$U^2.\%_B
O11T/V]!N9;V'==Y-+I5-\IAI/Y*


Y'1S&WAARFYUW$=E



M0QLMAX=;*3LD4+O+/K#H6V& P%LEC-TI':?/9=GE LQG7-I)H0]5!TAFK)

]?_+P&!
^E?Q-R
Q:L*7VY N@ 4(6P7V(<KA&


TDRVHN?4FYEV9;PFZYX
M2H]W\LT!/@(X@?M8]


@0KYU81#E&XBL)%6GH^/[/



MPL06NXBO8H^+LO&5@#8WXL+I&\KNK2KFN@%^QMSQ;K ]$*E#@],]4X93S'


%N'P6X6XQO/^^;*
MDP^5+SGE8!

Z2@_7=
T3Q%9?.6M3
M]4?15
V[_(4?$QW.4VFR6_WT!'1U&_TGILYH0IJ-XG@N@K%L!_L9BPK/[/L8
M1;-G&@2

PTD+HA0P;4W'

3=1(=G&DO2D-9F[L_-F;OOE'O:=)JJDDKH56I DRVO^*WK-62M
M=O&W5+-#02*R0 28.M)%R'U_%X4LVXE8=$Y96DKFIAD;4Y\TMSSN0C3
HA

IQYGL!W*GZPT6


:Q93*M^PWC^P:Q#:L




Q'[EA)
M8G;<J)I='*XT=#DY?[9T9/G'HTA/FW







M3+BR,M)OFB0) T=9V$PTCD2G9QY-215

Y1
^


M$@L.)._($PDSPHB

I:
MM0MCK'3



-
I(+#BAWL64&%B%9#RA@


R%J7#P


932\\GP8TW4#6[8Y#N4XB











MI4LP3-FOLH;)7E'5!3J





MIB6QND !I&
RI=_QQR#)8E&VJ309PU+1IKKR/N-:TE*-KU(-5?'#2+NE(2)!
M;TGNN7H



A5G)=OJ(9PW3PF[*
IV67)$1^YP9U=.\3HT33A!BF4.PJ+








N9ZTJ6

CSUUC3U

)K&8L&!YJF7+.5 %7]U_58%QJ#*

M4
/
+R!1X%B*KTFZIWF:IC%]S-*\Q%$DOO8H+GSF0XTF_5UG

-HSCW



.ZC#2(4^SN[X

S

MM1-5]Q@\A@TUMF%QV2U*-G^D,5^#DB.4#B;KJ(XI?\JJGC(A+7C^&^X-K]
MH:LF#2UCY.N%









M5;5!
T



M
1QG\P$?1


ZKJ8 WMZ_H]6*U(U6QD1L*P$LC

MH9Y&X1.)4VZ8ST_RRM4$U-/UPR)\+3$0A!4DS@/R1

MWQ7?V.MF47;$P=,.L4# %9GRX;YY3*FR?+$[^H3N.M1JY/=%#EJ1S )8R.
M^7;_#I-\;5[TC[XF77U-WA]]38Z^)D=?DXXWP
N073NRO

!@1(XCYY#QR R-5*8KMC'N IYYN[SO6O/1UJE%98:P\ZPR4.8]]
MX&8^C6,O7!#]0B-ICD.U06N-A(/*JXE#-ID)=-P=AV%WOXW#^RGQ/.Y3+4Q

MH**QYR]6$@#:%I0=H-XUUJH
]4
M0#*O-X/*W)J#



L92LW!8^L?&6%W0NH('[1^NP
M

?.ERVR)+VF(:G34!*F-/O!ND+QL?B U D?(\E8P68W

&
M[%9OP%:E8CT2


=D]G_N5UX0* ^S@G90
MD5I[206)5

M+^S*\[RP)30RVIY-&R)4%9=6Q/HQ(&'X=R]8QQOE:BIJ!Q6I/9
U1*1R#BW=
M1L.0)O?^


M#5Y4+\.4
$&G=XS[LXR7T;PE
8UF9JC*1W&=E:(7K#KAX($UV9)^JDT()VSM
M.C.H$4PR9I' 42:LJZ9Z4\ A;.TZE:AQ=CX1LQ4X&/USPK:714D%*9D\@.





:=W';/9VB[F?-L7KE1<8?#JV7FRQAKY/0_EP
MW%]XS21B)S(C##

5\HIV8OYYEP.N(MYA['
X]( :2
M(0Z%J)!O%IF@[0@%U+VE"@#'(#5M8\=TXG95;/: PJ1^T 2'=<;/[ZML43




VZ]9,#'* GRZ!1N^^:AGCPAU67H*RN&:?HXRWK7DEAK78QB^.8<JR0

WO





BBTW9L6J2TD#94/LQBC5@!0'$-8D#V-(@YAV:G3




M('$+1^_B5^I=/+S1Z75Y%Y_/Y\3GMI[=*8)7&SF-&(=AQIBX69.BD+MB!S89


M24//M/1B7YV.@E \WG('F=ZC.E]3^$+((WM$=X0&.R39
J1;7SH.ZNJ6-0B2







YCWHU
MUXWN(L
QSR'[C!GPW4=T'A[;


MSPA#
P
!?;HUK?/M+6.$;&J-Y4P/
OCHGB


NM?(+)\^^H.TUHC<[$#^.



MR8EM;:41


MU2
N[@6%'*_11R6-UWEL

M/;M)O=5


M

L+CHGX%:WL;)53C[#G



M:E G
5OQ)9
0*+





M.!!#8'=W_IP]@#02#0XT=PQRY_!TP^]249C;FY4;G*8;CN73S&PKYJ1R?W:9
M_ZI.FVYSDS1'AHI*XYK)JL0
H=C.&%4KGI4Q\K_HUCY!4^@Z9RU)I5*UFE5B
M9:SB6


MS

MIU*53SE_K#RT



M7D?I/TAZM_-P5YB]['W2=5TIL%I9%[N=6E1UJFN')1'UOYM2G]\.RYU3?'$^
M


MMG?'%GS*=:6M@]VPI6)&LM0
Q]X?AZ6?.=F4\1;D.V4NXTI[/9MF0P=? U
MJ1P$$T2*V K*;3/]*&'Z)DN3U MG;!-H






/W^H-T@
M^4JNS-+

MG__QC(%WX='X=R_(+*JS






KT7 XC(




MZ^B D4V+CBKPVF?&:[G+F0OLI9=:V13PDRZEBP#V!PB1/4JU*MIMOGLBG0
46DR(IE7J,:1E
G2%=FKM8(A[1;&B(2])9D%&7]/M&0KK*53M:-


M))PYT+SZIUU[BKO5.Q$


]+]_HJ



&-.V&B]=H#=G=M
MF 7I90


R^X

#Y&

MJ0AQZ$

MS&_^4-8=_V;W\;PNFHBC



%ZPWQZ'Y9GM%G0










73_XB
MA=MFI;[


GQXCO@A36'
2&WM19W+5@PWL_OVB??ZB#(HN]X0G.N$I\9
MC3&CBRD&@23W5'?#\(X^RN@Z$!S':#JL+@Q7Z*+I:HL/URY(/)VRTXAP4?*!

7UM.K=4&B^
K9XXX((JI!;


I8QF'Z:U
'

MJ!2MG3U


8GC)%PU''V

M017 T+UAI(JPQDJKO=740*)P*LV=FTK'QAVA4L['Z[^T53;P5:KJXSI0Q
M%!Z3C%MH6Q[V!





MC.#7D/LED[=&/23-7;\8#*


AW']JC

P)UDAQKV

RGY5_X?]Y]!+?O/_ 5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'F%
MSDK.$;)SFG@! &_'%  0                0    !R;W@M
C Q-S S
S$N




4



